

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0001 The era of origin ability
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0001 The era of origin ability

High school Class 301, a very spacious classroom. Dozens of students were sitting cross-legged looking similar to monks seeking enlightenment. A thin indistinct ray of light was revolving around their surroundings.

“You all are not carefree students! Already entering third year, you only have 1 year before sitting for college entrance examinations. If you fail to enter a university, then it will be your destiny to be the food of those abnormal beasts.”

The class teacher Yang Ziqing, a more than 40-year old middle aged woman, with both hands at her waist, splattered her saliva at those students who were training.

“I do not care about how you caused any trouble in past and how lazy you are. When you are in my class, you are not allowed to slack off. By the end of this year, I want everyone here to train and improve their origin ability to at least rank 6 or above. If not, I won’t allow you to participate in the college entrance examination.”

“You all heard what I said clearly?” Yang Ziqing, who did not receive any response from the students, shouted loudly.

“Yes, we heard!” The students replied in unison.

“Very good.” Yang Ziqing nodded in satisfaction. “You have all been taught the method to improve origin ability. Once you go back home, you can continue training. In one month’s time, high school year 3 will be having its first mock exam. Do not shame me! O ya, those who rank top 100 in the whole school would be entitled to join the natural selection class. I am sure you guys are aware of it too. Class now dismissed!”

“Hua—”

Just a moment ago that calm expression of monks instantly changed. Nobody could imagine the students who were diligently into their meditation had now excitedly left the classroom.

Yang Ziqing’s face turned ashen. She knew that these monkeys were just acting. She could only look at them helplessly. Luckily, there was still a student who stayed behind and seriously practiced. At least, it did give her a trace of comfort.

However, it was really unfortunate. His origin ability talent.......

Down the rostrum, Su Hao took a deep breath. Dim light rays slowly gathered around him. He woke up from the meditation. “My origin ability had increased by a tiny bit. With this rate, within a month, my ability index should be able to rise till 100. In addition to my body essence and theoretical foundation, my origin ability has the potential to reach rank 4!”

Su Hao stood up and did some stretching while looking outside the window.

Outside, his schoolmates were proudly showing off their ability. Some were practicing crushing stone with their fists. Someone was generating fireballs in the woods. There were also some who squat down beside the swimming pool and were producing ice. Even worst, some f*uckers were fooling around flying in the sky.

This is the era he lived in — the era of origin ability!

Year 2030, a calamity swept across the Earth. The later generations called this event as the descendance of the origin ability light ray into the Earth’s surface.

Various origin abilities started to appear, bestowed upon human beings. Some animals even obtained special abilities. The Earth was then thrown into chaos. In the end, all governments from different countries had to make a joint alliance. After 20 years had past, peace was finally able to be restored and the situation stabilized.

The power of the origin ability and its usage had been fully grasped by humans for research, education, agriculture and other fields. The societal development had improved by leaps and bounds. Many technologies that we were not able to achieve are now possible. Entering the current year 2050, the world has long ago entered the era of origin ability.

This is the best era ever. People do not need to worry about clothes and food. High school students are given the chance to integrate their origin ability and master it with all the facilities provided free for them.

This is also the worst era ever. The wild wandering animals had all turned into ferocious beasts. They would kill mercilessly. Besides the cities, no other place has such guaranteed safety.

For the students in high school, their only goal was to be able to control their origin ability perfectly!

To participate in college entrance examination!

Enter the best universities!

“If I want to enter an university, my origin ability needs to reach at least rank 6. Based on my current speed, by the time I sit for the college entrance exam, I might not even reach rank 5. Seems that it is hopeless to enter university after all.” Su Hao was somehow sad.

This era, all those special abilities are mostly for their own survivability and fighting for their own existence. But his origin ability......was surprisingly model analyzing, a poor and weak ability.

Su Hao had calculated before. Even if he trained non stop and was barely able to qualify into university, what he could use would still be model analyzing. He would most probably end up as a general’s ...... advisor’s ...... sand board maker?

Or becoming an unknown planning architect who worked behind the scenes?

Yes, he could still live on with such a life but which young boy does not have any blood boiling dreams? Slaying abnormal beasts, protecting the Earth. Just mentioning that would make any youngster fired up.

Too bad, a dream would still remain a dream.

The origin ability rank was greatly related with one’s talent. If one has a weak talent of the origin ability, then he was doomed to have low rank.

According to the latest global evaluation, the final value of original ability was calculated by summing up the value of theoretical foundation, physical fitness, fighting skill and also ability index before being divided by 100.

One of them, theoretical foundation is a basic theory course which includes all the information regarding origin ability, fearful beasts, combat methods, overcoming weakness and even all those herbs growing on Earth. In short, all the knowledge of this world. The difficulties were so high that it raised people’s ire. The upper limit of this course is 200 points. In general, any student who can obtain 100 points out of it is considered great.

Physical fitness which represented the strength of the body has an upper limit of 400 points. In human limit, the average points scored by a high school student would be around 100.

Combat methods, comprising of current combat skills and martial arts, has the upper limit of 400. However, for an average student, the score would be around 0 to 5.

The last and also the most important is ability index!

Ability index together with talent rank, are obviously closely related to origin ability. Though the calculation is very complex, if the talent rank is much higher, from F to A, the difference of ability index would be even greater.

The upper limit, is limitless!

Because of Su Hao’s ability, a grade E model analyzing pulled down the overall score line.

He scored 180 points in theoretical foundation, 100 points in physical fitness, 0 point in combat method and lastly 100 points in ability index which in total 380 points. That would made his origin ability had a value of 3.8, soon to reach 4.

Su Hao silently counted in his heart, his hands were cleaning up his stuff while preparing to leave the school.

However, at this moment, a loud door sound could be heard. The classroom’s door had been destroyed with a kick.

“Su Hao, come out and meet this father of yours!” A handsome and tall student stood at the door.

“What is happening?” Su Hao did not go out. He is no fool. This student was called Sun Yaotian, a genius character. His origin ability value was above 8 point something. Thus, it was not worth mentioning that he could casually crush Su Hao at any moment.

“You and Chen Yiran went back home together yet again?” Sun Yaotian snorted.

Su Hao frowned. “We are in same direction. After school, we would occasionally walk home together.”

“I do not care whether both you heading to the same direction or not.” In a single breath, Sun Yaotian interrupted him. “Chen Yiren’s ability is what, I believe you must be clear about it. With your qualification, you do not deserve even a look of her! Next time get far away from her. If not, I will crush you whenever I see you.”

“Su Yaotian, you!” Su Hao got furious, clenching his fist tight.

“What, you wanna fight?” Sun Yaotian sneered at him, “The school rules state that no fight is allowed in the classroom. If you dare, walk out from this classroom then.”

Su Hao’s face became ashen. The anger in his heart was going to erupt but he immediately compressed it back.

With his value of 3.8, his origin ability against Sun Yaotian, it was like throwing an egg onto stone. Most probably with a hit, Sun Yaotian would smack him dead. The classroom is indeed a place that forbids fighting but if he was the one who started the fight with Sun Yaotian, then it would be an entirely different story.

“Chicken-hearted!” looking at him not giving any reaction, Sun Yaotian sneered and left the classroom. “Remember my words. This is the last warning.”

“Sun Yaotian....”

Su Hao was filled with boiling anger.

He was more hardworking than anyone else. However, he could only manage to lurk around at the bottom level. It was just because of that damn talent. His theoretical foundation score of 180 points make me one of the top 10 in the school but his ability index was just 80 points. As for Sun Yaotian, just his ability index alone scored him a whopping 500 points.

This was because Sun Yaotian’s ability is an A rank, metal control. It was a master level fighting ability which combines both offensive and defensive. Thus, improving the overall combat effectiveness. As compared to his nuisance model analyzing, the gap was too huge.

“One day.....I will definitely exceed you!”

A raging anger could be seen on Su Hao’s eyes. He turned around and left the classroom.

His mindset was very simple. Talent does not necessarily beat hard work.

So what if his origin ability is low leveled? Since he won’t score well in talent index, as long as he could score the remaining 1000 points in other elements, he would be fine. Scoring 200 points in theoretical foundation, 400 in combat technique and another 400 in physical fitness. Once the points are in his grasp, he would still end up with origin ability of value 10 and be powerful!

Su Hao clenched his teeth. Leaving the school’s compound, he went straight back home.

There was a never ending flow of humans in the main street.

“Putong!” (1)

A person quickly flashed through Su Hao’s body. Only the afterimage could be seen, the speed was so fast that it left goosebumps. Su Hao who was grazed, was immediately startled.

The moment he was checking some information on his phone, the graze a moment ago caused his phone to drop into the man’s bag.

Su Hao was stunned momentarily and had a delayed reaction, “Thief?”

He could only see a shadow flash. A middle aged man rushing to the other direction. With that, Su Hao immediately understood. “FML, he is really a thief and it seems that I am not the only victim.”

At this street, the number of thieves were not small. Even worse, most of them relied on their high speed ability. Snatching an item and instantly running off. This tactic made most people unable to react in time. Too bad, this time Su Hao became the victim.

Su Hao’s anger was at the very end of the bay, with the treat from Sun Yaotian. Yet now, the moment he reached the street, he immediately had his phone snatched by a thief.

“Peng!”

Su Hao gave out a punch and immediately destroyed the protection of a nearby flying motorcycle. He immediately jumped on it to give chase to the thief.

When the flying motorcycle engine was started, a curtain of light surrounded the base of the vehicle. While floating in the air, it immediately dashed in the direction of the thief. Su Hao gritted his teeth, “F*ck you! With your need for speed, you think nobody will be able to catch up to you?”

Three shadows flashed through the street.

The black shadow was leading in front, followed by an angry middle aged man and finally, the flying motorcycle rode by Su Hao.

Only after giving a chase for more than 10 minutes, at the bridge of Jiang He, Su Hao was finally able to catch up to them.

Far away, he could see the thief and the middle age man were disputing with each other. Two shadows were clashing together. Su Hao sped up, “Damn thief! Lets see where can you run.”

When the flying motorcycle was rushing towards them, Su Hao felt that something was wrong but could not tell what it was at that moment.

“Whump!”

The middle aged man slumped to the ground. The thief immediately blinked away from him. Su Hao was dumbstruck when he saw the thief holding a bloodstained white dagger which was just pulled out from the middle aged man’s body.

He then saw the thief taking out a blue colored bottle. He sprinkled a few drops of the liquid onto the body of the middle aged man.

“Si! Ksshhhhh”

The moment when the drops of liquid touched the body, the body of the middle age man immediately corroded until nothing was left.

“This is....”

Watching this scene, Su Hao started to have a panic attack! This man was a no thief—-He was a killer! A killer from a wandering organization! The news he watched stated that killers from wandering organizations would have the latest developed decomposing liquid which could easily destroy any clues or evidence.

“Damn it!”

Su Hao cursed. Without any delay, he turned and had wanted to reverse his vehicle. Too bad at that time, the killer had already noticed his presence. He sneered and took out a silver pistol, aiming at Su Hao.

Suddenly, Su Hao started trembling and his hair became erected.

Shit! I’m going to die!

Being stared at by the cold gaze of the killer, cold sweat began to appear. Unexpectedly, the compressed anger in Su Hao’s heart began to explode.

“Su Hao.....don’t tell me that you are going to be bullied all the time?”

“No...never!”

Noticing some spots of blood on the killer’s chest, it was very clear that he was injured by the middle aged man. The injury led him to have a somewhat slower movement. Somehow, anger could be seen from Su Hao’s eyes. He was afraid to die. But even if he was going to die, he would at least drag the killer together to hell with him.

“Kacha!”

Su Hao twisted the his grip for maximum acceleration with firm resolution.

“Hong!”

A pool of energy from the engine of the motorcycle burst out. The speed of the motorcycle instantly reached the limit. A beam of light passed through the air and hit the killer.

“Ci!”

A laser shot out from the silver gun into Su Hao’s direction. Too bad, the pathway was a bit crooked. The laser ray flew just beside Su Hao. But the high temperature of laser ray still caused a burn at his ear.

“Hong!”

The flying motorcycle hit the killer’s chest. The killer was then knocked back into the metal containers nearby. Countless containers fell on top of him. Dull metal sounds could be heard.

Su Hao, who had been accelerating, could no longer control the motorcycle anymore and was thrown off. He fell onto the ground and felt like he was eating a dog’s shit. This degree of impact was not something he could handle.

With wounds all over his body, Su Hao stood up. He was scared when he found out that despite being hit hard, the killer was still able to get himself out from the metal containers.

“WTF! These boxes weighed at least several tons. He survived that? How powerful is he?”

“I can’t let him live!”

An idea flashed through his mind. Su Hao picked up the silver gun next to him and aimed at the killer who had just came out from the boxes.

An icy cold, red and horrified eyes stared at Su Hao. This nearly made him fumble and drop the gun.

“Go die!”

Su Hao closed both eyes and pressed the trigger.

“Pew! (2)”

A laser ray shot out and penetrated the body of the killer. He then took a few steps back, eyes filled with disbelief. He slowly raised his hands, covering the wound. Not much blood was leaking out, as the high temperatures cauterised the wound. As light disappeared from his eyes, he slowly took a few steps back leaning against a metal container before sliding down (3).

“He died?”

Su Hao had a sigh of relief. Feeling fear in his heart, the gun was thrown away from his hands. When he turned his body and had wanted to flee from the scene, he halted for a moment. Since he had scored 180 points in theoretical foundation, he has the advantage of knowing many information that others might not know.

The pistol had his fingerprints. The middle age man had died and disappeared. The killer’s body was still at the scene. He couldn’t just leave like that (4).

Su Hao endured the disgusting feeling in his heart and searched the killer’s corpse for the blue bottle which contained the decomposing liquid.

“Si! Ksshhhh”

The body of the killer started to decompose slowly. Even the silver gun, flying motorcycle and all the other evidence at the scene were destroyed.

He did not dare to leave anything behind. He was worried even the weapon was equipped with GPS or other tracking system.

“Finally, it ends!”

Su Hao was completely relieved. From the incident, besides the decomposing liquid, he also found a mysterious blue and black card under the killer’s corpse.

“What item is this? Even the decomposing liquid can’t destroy it?” when the decomposing effect finished, the card caught his attention immediately.

“Sou!”

The blurry black card glowed and instantly, Su Hao’s right hand was sucked into the ray. Immediately, his body disappeared from the scene without any trace.

“Weng—!”

Su Hao felt a roar echoed in his mind. The surrounding scene became unreal. The Jiang He bridge was upside down. His sight became very hazy.

That feeling of being half awake half asleep felt like it happened for a long time but also felt like just a moment.

The mysterious card was in the middle of Su Hao’s mind, flashing continuously. If Su Hao was sober at that moment, he would be able to hear all sorts of information from the card itself.

“....discovering....model analysis.....fusion.....reconstruction...”

Before the psychedelic light, Su Hao felt that he was under the effect of some kind of hallucinatory drug. Although he could not feel his true self, he felt very comfortable and relaxed.

“Shua!”

Su Hao’s body was startled. He instantly woke up.

Looking at the surroundings, there was no sign of people attacking him. When he had a look at himself, he did not seem to find anything abnormal.

“I wonder what kind of trick was that from the killer? I nearly fell for it.”

Su Hao shook his head and went to a corner where no one would notice him. Then, he quickly left the scene.

(1) Yorasu : OMG. For every DOTA player in SEA server...

(2) Kai: This was *puchi* but that sounds like blades or sharp things, not lasers :>

(3) Kai: [A laser ray shot out and penetrated the body of the killer. He then dropped onto the ground.] Was the original line, I pretty much (hopefully) made it more interesting?

Kai: As a side note, the reason I left it as laser ‘ray’ rather than ‘beam’ was because I felt rays referred to a narrower ‘line’ whereas ‘beam’ would be thicker.

(4) Kai: That needs 180 in theoretical foundation? I thought that would be common sense. The again, remembering these points right after killing someone for the first time could be attributed to a smarter mind? Maybe? Also, he didn’t take his phone back -.-

Kai: As a side note, imagine if you accidently touched it while you were alive...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0002 A change in ability
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0002 A change in ability

It was late at night when Su Hao finally arrived home. He was greeted by the fragrant smell of dinner from the kitchen, and heard the pleasant peals of laughter of his mother, Li Xiaoru and his sister, Su Ling.

“Mum! Sis! I am back!”

“Go wash your hands. The meal has already been prepared.” Li Xiaoru told him.

“Okay.”

Su Hao then washed his hands, and his whole family of three sat at the dining table.

His was a single parent family. A few years ago, Su Hao’s father died in a car accident. The family of three only have each other now. Even though the journey was not easy, they never feared any difficulties they may face.

“Bro, how did you get such an injury?” Su Ling’s nose could be seen moving for a bit. Even though from the outer appearances nothing was abnormal, with Su Ling’s origin ability of value 8, how could she not be able to sense anything?

“Not a big deal. I just fell down.” Su Hao scratched his head.

“Bro, you’re speak nonsense again.” Su Ling said with hints of anger in her voice. “Did that Sun Yaotian bully you again? That bastard, I will go teach him a lesson.”

“Sit down!” Su Hao spoke with a stern voice. Su Ling immediately quietened down.

“My own matters, I will handle it. That Sun Yaotian, sooner or later I will give him a lesson.” Su Hao spoke in a slow pace. “You little brat, next time you are not allowed to inquire about my matters. Just concentrate on your studies and ensure your origin ability reaches a value of 10. By then, you should be able to be admitted to Zhanzheng College!”

Zhanzheng College!

The college ranked first in the world in nurturing origin ability!

Only by entering there would you have the qualification to call yourself one of the best!

Obviously, afor Sister Su Ling who already reached origin ability value of 8 when she was only in 2nd year of high school, her opportunity to enter Zhanzheng College was very high. As for him.......even a qualification to enter a normal university seemed far away.

“Hmmph..” Su Ling grunted, “Smelly brother (TL: Chinese culture likes to add smelly in front as a form of intimacy. Even my dad called my mum smelly darling. Oops!), trying to save your face would only make you suffer more. People have already reached 8.8 points and are going to approach 9 soon. Just wait for me to reach 10 points and watch how I am gonna teach Sun Yaotian.”

“Oh? Your origin ability is approaching 9?” Su Hao was pleasantly surprised. His sister was indeed a genius. If she is able to reach 10 points in the future, his family will have a better day. His mother won’t have to suffer anymore either.

“Of course. Who am I? The genius Su Ling.” Su Ling triumphantly said.

Li Xiaorui looking at those two bickering and felt the comfort deep within her chest. Unconsciously, her two children were now grown up. Although Su Hao’s talent was not great, these two siblings had never been in any kind of bad relationship with each other.

“You two, that’s enough. Finish your meal. After that, go practice.” Li Xiaorui said.

“Okay!”

Su Hao smiled and turned his head to look at his sister whom he is proud of. But at the same time, he thought. His own sister had reached 8.8. Soon, she will go farther away from me. As for him, he was still struggling at the doorstep of 4.

8.8.......how great is that?

Su Hao subconsciously activated his own origin ability, model analysis.

After these two years of research, he had already mastered his model analysis. He could now easily construct a human model in his brain which aided his analysis of their strength. The object he is currently visualising would be his beloved little sister, Su Ling. Although in the fighting department, this skill is not desirable but in an investigative field, his origin ability is first rate.

“Ability start......ah?”

Su Hao activated his origin ability and was momentarily shocked. His ability, how could it become like this?

Though it was still the model analysis which he was familiar with, at the same time, it was no longer the usual simple model constructed from light rays. Su Ling virtually appeared as a whole in his brain right now. It looked exactly the same as the real Su Ling. The model was very vivid as if it was the real person!

Floating next to Su Ling, there were four cards with names faintly embossed on them. Su Hao read the text embossed on top of the cards.

“Mid level basic fighting technique, high level yoga flexibility, low level heavenly blaze, low level origin ability cultivation technique.”

This........this are the abilities and skills mastered by Su Ling? Su Hao was surprised by the cards and unknowingly asked his sister.

“Su Ling, you have learnt yoga?” He said while looking at his sister.

“Yeah...” Su Ling laughed with a sense of proudness before playfully continued. “Anyway it is not hard at all to learn to high levels. Foundation in fighting technique is a bit boring. Learning this can also maintain my body shape in peak condition. You guys won’t understand...”

This is freaking real!

Su Hao had a spoon of rice as an act to cover up his shock. He then touched the card which showed middle level foundation in fighting technique. Immediately, the scenery in his brain started to change. Somehow, it felt like an illusion.

This feeling.........doesn’t it feel very similar to that at the bridge?

“Card selection completed.......Intermediate basic fighting technique.........analyzing card........establishing model.........establishment of the card’s model completed.....”

Su Hao finally grasped certain aspects of his current situation. When he inspected his mind, he found that there was one additional card which is gray in color. And the card showed the same words, intermediate basic fighting technique! On top of the card, there was a very detailed introduction of the skills. Also, a star was marked at the one corner of the card.

Name : Intermediate basic fighting technique

Rank : 1 star

Introduction : The basics of all martial arts; basic fighting techniques. Once mastered, all martial art difficulty will be reduced by half. This course is an advanced high school leveled course.

The surrounding illusion then disappeared without any sign and returned back to the original state like before. There was not even an iota of change. Su Hao was really shocked by it.

Just now, his model analysis finished analyzing his sister Su Ling’s intermediate basic fighting technique. Then, an exactly similar skill was added in his body!

Does this mean I myself have mastered intermediate basic fighting technique too?

Above the skill, it stated this was an advanced high school student course which meant every student after mastering basic course would need to learn this. Thinking of this, Su Hao covered up the surprise in his heart. He was concentrating on his mind and stared at the gray color card with the name ‘intermediate foundation in fighting technique’ on it.

“Shua!”

Su Hao felt his origin ability starting to expand. It then started to expand at a very monstrous rate and went towards the card. Surprisingly, the card started to change from gray to bright.

It was getting brighter! Even brighter! Shua!

A bright light flashed through his mind. This card was illuminating a very bright ray.

At the same time, Su Hao felt that a tons of knowledge which was obscure and hard to understand forced into his brain. Then, the knowledge was gradually digested.

This is.........intermediate basic fighting technique!

Su Hao had a kind of feeling that he had fully understood intermediate basic fighting technique. As long as he became used to it, he would be able to fully utilise it!

“Su Hao, whats wrong?” Li Xiaoru after noticing Su Hao in a daze, couldn’t help but to ask him.

Su Hao casually pushed the last rice into his mouth and went straight to his bedroom. “Nope, nothing. I have finished my meal, gonna practice now...”

Li Xiaoru sighed and knocked at the head of Su Ling. “You see. You already know about his lack of talent yet you still talk nonsense..”

“Aiya, okay then. I will be more careful next time.” Su Ling showed her little tongue. “Rest assured. Brother’s mental strength is very strong, so you don’t have to worry.”

In his bedroom.

Su Hao half squatting, kicked with a leg.

“Ha!”

A kick to the air, as steady as Mountain Tai.

“This is indeed the skill of basic fighting technique.” Su Hao was pleasantly surprised. “As for the intermediate techniques, I am still not able to execute them. I can only use the low level ones. However, I am just unfamiliar with them. Soon, as long as I get some practice, I will be able to master intermediate basic fighting techniques.”

“This strength......must be from that mysterious card! That killer, must have acted up due to that card. And that middle age man must have chased him due to that card too. Thus, both of them fought each other. Two dead. I am the one who benefited.”

“Such an extraordinary ability is bound to be a skill wanted by everyone. All the traces have already been destroyed by me. As for this secret, I must not tell anyone or else......”

Su Hao in a blink of an eye got his thoughts in order and decided to conceal this secret. Of course, the most important thing right now is practice!

“Ha!”

“He!”

Due to his lack of talent, Su Hao had to be more hardworking that everyone else. Now, he had been given this golden opportunity. He crazily practiced the basic fighting technique imprinted in his mind as rigorously as possible.

At 2am, Su Hao completely mastered the low level basic fighting technique skill.

“So, it’s like that.”

A flash of delight could be seen in Su Hao’s eyes. After model analyzing the skill card which was copied from Su Ling, all of her experiences on the skill would be copied over to him. Thus, when he practiced the skill, it will be multiple times easier to gain mastery.

With the upgrade of basic fighting technique, it also signified that his origin ability had increased by a huge margin. For a low level basic fighting skill, only those who have reached origin ability of value 5 could practice it. For Su Hao to master it was indeed a huge leap in achievement.

“I have zero points in combat methods but mastering low level basic fighting technique would give me exactly 50 points.” Su Hao’s eyes flashed. “My origin ability has climbed from 3.8 to 4.3. Wait until I truly master basic fighting techniques! I believe I can still go further!”

“Sun Yaotian, next time, I will let you have a heck of a surprise!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0003 White dressed girl
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0003 White dressed girl

After he woke up from a nap, Su Hao once again immersed himself in the world of training. Besides sleeping and eating, all of his time was invested into an endless session of practice!

“Ha!”

“He!”

His neighborhood in the morning was very peaceful. Su Hao had already began his training very early. At the beginning, there were some walls to be overcome but slowly and steadily, his progress was getting faster. Su Hao moved as swift as the wind and was even able to blend all the moves perfectly. After repeating the routine cycle for 5 times, his body was covered in perspiration. Su Hao finally stopped his training and laughed out loud.

“Intermediate basic fighting techniques, mastered!”

Within this one week of training, Su Hao’s fighting strength had increased by a huge margin. Needless to say, his combat methods had increased from 50 to 90 points. This already surpassed more than 90% of the population in the world. It was worth mentioning that his sister Su Ling had a monstrous talent. With her origin ability more than 8, she was able to train her basic fighting technique to intermediate stage in her sophomore year.

What surprised Su Hao was after seven days of consecutive practice, his physical fitness had also gradually increased, a jumping up by 20 points. At this point, his origin ability was very stable at 4.7.

Also in this one week, Su Hao had carried out numerous experiments on his sister. By doing so, he was finally better able to understand the usage of his upgraded model analysis ability. His model analysis could only analyze common skill cards. As for origin abilities, his system was somehow helpless. For example, his sister’s amazing raging nirvana flames. But Su Hao was already satisfied with it. You have to know that by just mastering a basic skill, it could increase his origin ability by 1!

Su Hao was very sure that for his character modelling ability, card analysis is just a part. In the future, when he gets the chance to enhance his origin ability, his model analysis will be even more powerful! When he was building a character model, he could see a person’s ability which then generates cards to be analyzed. What if he was to build a model of this whole world, what would happen?

Does this mean he will be able to control the world?

The change in his origin ability had enabled Su Hao to dream.

After all these years of being oppressed due to being weak, Su Hao had a strong desire to be different from ordinary people. He also wished to not be a trash who needed protection from his own sister.

Zhanzheng college!

The world’s first ranked college!

The dream college of every student!

“Anyone who wants to enter Zhanzheng college, the minimum requirement for the entrance is a value of 10 in origin ability. For now, I have only reached 4.7. The road is still long.” Su Hao thought. “My theoretical basics are 180 points, the remaining 20 points are really too extreme. Even if you have strong memory ability, you might come across questions which you haven’t read before. This is really an impossible task.”

“As for my ability index, there is nothing much to say. Although my origin ability has undergone a transformation, the ranking still would not change. It will still be in between the lower range score. Even if I try to increase it, the effect would be minimal. Physical fitness is also not something which could be improved in a short time. My only hope apparently will be left with this, combat methods.”

Combat methods.....he had already mastered intermediate basic fighting technique. If Su Hao wanted to go further, he could only learn advanced basic fighting technique.

As for advanced basic fighting technique, it would gain him 100 points! 30 points higher than intermediate. This meant that he would be able to raise his origin ability to 5, an increment of 0.3.

Although the increment was not much, to Su Hao, it was still valuable.

To learn advanced basic fighting technique, there were only two possibilities. One would be to go to the market and get himself a copy of the tutorial. The other method would be hire a trainer to have hands-on teaching.

Su Hao had difficulties to execute either possibility. You won’t get anywhere without status or money, and he has neither. But Su Hao had a third choice which was to find someone who had already mastered advanced basic fighting technique. Then, by staying beside that person for a time, he would be able to quietly create a card of that skill.

Coincidently, Su Hao knew a person who fit this description perfectly.

At the Jianghe Park, in a very quiet and peaceful environment, there was a row of willow trees swaying gently at the shore of the lake.

When Su Hao reached there, he saw a girl dressed in white practicing martial skill on a willow tree which needed both his hands to encircle it.

“Ha!”

“Huo!”

Her fists rained on the willow tree with such formidable force. When her fists were thrust through the air, a sound was produced. The sound had a feeling as if the air was tearing apart. She seemed to have noticed someone coming over since she stopped her punching movement and stood straight. With a jump and spinning twist, she sent a flying kick to the tree.

“Kacha!”

Soon, a brittle sound was produced. The willow tree was pitifully been snapped apart by her kick. Su Hao who was observing from a distance took a deep breath. If that kick was directed to a real human........this was indeed someone who had reached an origin ability value of 9, Chen Yiran. It seemed that she was even more dominating than last time.

“Su Hao?” Chen Yiran turned around. While wiping off her sweat, she gave a faint smile to him. “I thought you are purposely avoiding me after being warned by Sun Yaotian.”

Su Hao had a quick laugh. “There are tons of people which I am afraid of. Too bad, Sun Yaotian is not one of them.”

“I also think so.” Chen Yiran showed a sweet smile as a reply. Since she had just finished exercising, her clothes were soaked with sweat enclosed the twin peaks of hers like a second skin. That look of hers was so alluring and attractive. It was just that she did not notice it at all.

Su Hao also did not seem bothered about it. Since both of them had already befriended each other for so long, he already got himself accustomed with this scene.

They walked leisurely around the lake while chatting.

“Next month’s simulation test, you got any plan?” Chen Yiran asked.

“Me?” Su Hao was caught surprised by her question. “Low ranking again I guess? I am already used to it anyway.”

Chen Yiran was somehow worried about him. “Actually with your talent, if you are in the same position as Sun Yaotian who is supplied with countless evolution liquid to enhance origin abilities, you would not necessarily be weaker than him. Even though I really do not want to say this, really, if you need my help, I will really be glad to do so.”

Su Hao understood her meaning well but he, as a man, did not have any plan to rely on a woman. He also clearly knew that although their relationship seemed to be good on the surface, there was really nothing more. To be able to maintain a friendship with her was already good enough. If he were to involve money in their relationship, he was afraid that sooner or later, even being friends also would be impossible.

But since she mentioned it.....

“How should I say this? Well, I indeed need some help from you.” Su Hao laughed.

“O? Tell me then.” Chen Yiran replied with a mix of surprise and disappointment. The reason she befriended Su Hao was because of his persistence and hard work. If he really opened his mouth to request for some money, then all her respect towards him which was based those qualities would disappear. In simpler words, she would look down at him.

“I just learnt a bit of fighting techniques. So, I want to ask you for some advice.”

“What? This?” Chen Yiran cutely blinked her eyes. Such a request from Su Hao was totally beyond her expectations. She looked at Su Hao with his mischievous face and finally realized that she had been played by him.

“Good, Su Hao. Now you dare to play me ya?” Chen Yiran snappily replied.

“Che, who asked you to show that expression just now? Although I might be weak, at least I am still honest and clean-living. Furthermore, I’m only the kind of guy who would sell skills but will not sell my body. (1)”

“Not interested!” Chen Yiran was somehow hesitant but could not help herself and asked Su Hao with a serious tone. “Were you serious about your request?”

“Of course” Su Hao smiled at her. He cupped his hand and said, “Student Su Hao, requesting Teacher Chen’s guidance.”

Chen Yiran cupped her hands and positioned herself in a polite position, “Please.”

Su Hao took a deep breath. A ray of light appeared in between his two pupils. Model analysis, start!

Shua!

Countless card flashed around in his mind. Su Hao was shocked to notice 10 cards around Chen Yiran’s character model. Compared to his sister who only had 4 cards, this was totally in a different league.

Not only due to differences in origin ability by one point but also their family’s income gap. He had always thought that his sister mastering 4 skills was already enough. Now however... he swore he would do his best to help his sister go further. Su Hao sighed. Without thinking further, he quickly selected the advanced basic fighting techniques card.

Name : Advanced level of basic fighting techniques.

Rank : 1 star

Introduction : The basics of all master arts, basic fighting techniques. If mastered completely, all martial skill difficulties would be reduced by many times. This is a course for self learning in high school.

High school self learning course. It meant that this is not something ordinary students could learn.

“Card selection completed........advanced basic fighting technique......analysis.......establishment of model.........card model establishment completed......”

Shua!

A black card appeared. Su Hao’s origin ability began to activate again. All the energy stored by him in this one week was once again sucked up dry by the card. The advanced basic fighting technique card began to get brighter and brighter.

The virtual image in Su Hao’s mind then disappeared. In front of him, he saw Chen Yiran with one hand at the back posture, waiting for him to attack. Su Hao took a step forward and attacked with low level basic fighting techniques.

“Pu! Pu!”

In a blink of an eye, these two people had exchanged hits with their fists many times. In fact, Su Hao’s low level basic fighting technique was something Chen Yiran seen more than enough. However, in order to deepen his understanding, she could only fight back with the same skill, hoping that Su Hao would gain something from this fight.

However, what really made her depressed was Su Hao’s low level basic fighting technique was already grasped by him completely. It was definitely not any level lower than her own.

She did not know that his basic fighting skill was actually an integration of his sister’s fighting experience and her own experience during their previous friendly combat in the past.

Two genius girl’s experience coupled with his own integration, as such, Su Hao’s low level basic fighting technique when executed was really like a true master. The longer their fight progressed, the more depressed Chen Yiran felt. Gradually, Su Hao even had the upper hand instead.

“Nice! Su Hao, you little fox! Already mastered this so well yet ask me for guidance. You are just deliberately trying to make me look bad.” Chen Yiran snappily thought.

Looking at Su Hao who was gaining the upper hand, her heart smiled. Without any warning, her hand movements started to change and began to display intermediate basic fighting technique.

“Let’s see if you can withstand intermediate basic fighting technique then.”

Kai: Selling skills, courtesans would entertain via music or serve (akin to a waitress), but they won’t sell their bodies

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0004 To master by immersing oneself
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0004 To master by immersing oneself

“Nice one!”

Su Hao’s eyes shined. He easily blocked the attack and countered with the same technique.

This time around, Chen Yiran was really surprised. She was very sure that Su Hao’s origin ability only reached 3.8. Being able to master a beginner basic fighting technique to such degree was beyond her expectations.

Yet now, he had even somehow mastered an intermediate basic fighting technique. This really shocked her to her core. “Man, trying to be mysterious ya? Then let me see how deep your mastery in this intermediate basic fighting technique is.”

“Ha!”

Chen Yiran attacked him continuously with her intermediate basic fighting technique flawlessly. Surprisingly to her, Su Hao was perfectly fine and countered all of her moves. Soon, he was even managed to let Chen Yiran have a taste or two of his skills.

“Not bad, your mastery is pretty solid.”

Of course Chen Yiran didn’t want to admit her loss. Thus, she only pretended to be indifferent in the evaluation of Su Hao.

However, two minutes later, Su Hao once again managed to prevail in their exchange. Although the current her was able to easily defeat Su Hao in a head on fight, Su Hao surprisingly beat her based on basic fighting technique alone.

Chen Yiran started to get fired up. She quietly slipped in some advanced basic fighting technique moves. “Lets see how you’re going to withstand these now.”

“Pu! Pu!”

Two fists were directed towards Su Hao’s body. Sadly for Yiran, they were immediately blocked by Su Hao’s right arm. At the same time, he used the same moves to counter attack.

“Advanced basic fighting technique!”

Chen Yiran opened both of her charming eyes wide as a sign of shock. Su Hao even managed to grasp her advanced basic fighting technique?

Su Hao had somehow immersed himself within this friendly battle. One punch, two punches. When he countered back with an advanced basic fighting technique, his mind was already trapped in the realm of practicing. Many skills of advanced basic fighting techniques were fused together and fluently, move by move, were cast out by him.

Chen Yiran no longer held back. Without bothering with the differences of advanced and intermediate basic fighting techniques, she displayed a complete fighting technique that flowed like a smooth river. She fought with the mixture of different ranked skills, with all kinds of techniques, one after another.

This was a true battle!

As for Su Hao, he did not hold back as well. At times, during his defense, he synthesized several sets of movement by combining low level, intermediate and advanced skills. These movements almost made Chen Yiran unable to retaliate back to Su Hao.

Chen Yiran was in such a miserable state. But since she noticed that Su Hao was in the state of practicing, which was the best time to comprehend, she could only accompany him and continued the fight.

Then, exactly one hour later, Su Hao stopped his attack. He was pleasantly surprised. Finally, he had succeeded!

Supposedly it was impossible for him to master a fighting technique that quickly. With their continuous sparring with Chen Yiran for more than an hour, he had finally obtained complete control over the new skill he obtained.

Combat method, 100 points!

His origin ability finally climbed up to 5.0!

“Ha!”

“He!”

Su Hao hit the air with his bare fist. It was completely different feeling than before.

“Genius Su, come here and help me stand up.” The sweet and silky voice coming from beside him finally made Su Hao notice Chen Yiran who was covered with sweat and was leaning against a tree.

Su Hao embarrassedly walked toward Chen Yiran and helped her up.

As for why Chen Yiran was so tired, he obviously knew the reason.

In order to cope with his practice, Chen Yiran suppressed her strength while Su Hao was using his full force. The reason she did so was to not hurt Su Hao which was even more difficult than her using full force.

Not to mention, Su Hao unexpectedly had a fighting technique mastery which was even above her own. This made her job even more difficult.

“That, I am really sorry.” Su Hao embarrassedly apologized.

“You don’t have to feel sorry. But do you really need to hide your ability then?” Chen Yiran snappily looked at him. “You have such ability, why would you seek my pointers?”

“At first, I was not that fluent. It was just that I was lucky during the sparring, I had accidentally comprehended them.” Su Hao laughed while looking at the dripping sweat all over her body. “I owe you a favor.”

Chen Yiran faintly smiled at him. “If this is considered a favor, then you really own me lots of favors.”

A moment of rest later, Chen Yiran was able to recover at a quick rate. With just two minutes, she was already back to her original state.

“Come. Let’s go back to school.” Chen Yiran got up.

“Wait, wait.....” Su Hao stopped her.

“What?” Chen Yiran had some doubts.

Su Hao pointed at her twin peaks. When Chen Yiran looked down, her cheeks instantly turned rosy red.

The sparring was a rather exerting activity and caused Chen Yiran to perspire heavily. Her clothes were completely soaked and sweat stuck to her body like a secondary skin. Her beautiful and perfectly round bosom could be clearly seen right now. It would be difficult for anyone to resist the temptation presented and not eat her up with their eyes. Even worse, the two protruding points at the top of the mountain were also distinctly seen.

“What are you looking at? Hurry up, take off your shirt.” Chen Yiran acted aggressively and forced Su Hao to take off his school uniform. After she wore his school uniform, Chen Yiran now felt more comfortable. (T/N: Such aggression, I like that) (E/N: Haha a beautiful girl wants you to take off your clothes? Who says no?)

Having exercised, it was rather obvious that she would sweat. As for her strength, even if she was giving it her all and she used her ability to the fullest, she still wouldn’t have any problems. Never did she expect that today, having sparred with Su Hao, such an embarrassing incident would happen.

“Are you doing this on purpose?” Chen Yiran asked in a fierce tone with raised eyebrows.

“What are you saying? I had already told you that this brother here only sells skills, not his body.” Su Hao jested. Having started to chat with each other again, the awkward moment passed by quickly

Then they walked towards the school together.

But for the first time, a fantastic feeling was reverberating between the two.

For Su Hao, the previous him would not dare to think or see the both of them in any special relationship, it was just an ordinary friendship between them.

Now, he had started to grow in strength. Together with his strength, his confidence grew too. For the very first time, Su Hao looked at the beautiful girl besides him and thought that she was indeed as pretty as what the school legends portrayed her as.

When they came to school together, of course such a scene would trigger gossip between the students.

“F*ck, isn’t what Chen Yiran’s wearing the school uniform of Su Hao?”

“Nah, how can that be. You with your stupid eyesight. You should know who Chen Yiran is, how could......fuck, it is really his shirt.”

In the corner of the school pavilion, Sun Yaotian’s face was horrified and distorted. With an ashen face and both of his fists tightly gripped, his eyes showed a murderous intent.

“Chen Yiran, you bitch. I have courted you for several years and yet you are still willing to see this poor bastard.” Sun Yaotian ferociously said.

The two little brothers beside him were silent in fear. Nobody dared to open his mouth at all. Just having heard what he said, you would know how dirty his heart was. This type of darkness, those who followed him would also have such darkness within them too.

Chen Yiran who grasped for air and wore Su Hao’s uniform due to her wet clothes, walked together with Su Hao into the school compound. As he watched such a scene, Sun Yaotian of course considered them doing such things because he often brought someone out there too.

“Liu Wei, get the hell over here to this daddy!” Sun Yaotian cursed.

A man trembled in fear as he walked towards him. With a sturdy and tall figure, exactly 1.9 meters, the man stood beside Sun Yaotian and replied, “Boss.”

“I heard that you and Su Hao are friends?” Sun Yaotian surprisingly asked.

“No, it is not like that.” Lou Wei quickly waved his hand and explained, “We were just close during junior high school. Now in high school, I did not speak much with him. His retard origin ability, of course I would not bother with him.”

“I’m not interested in your story!” Sun Yaotian continued with a disgusted face, “You just need to tell me what is important to Su Hao. He dares to defile my woman, I of course would return the favor back!”

“This.....this.......” Luo Wei hesitated to answer as sweat covered his face.

“Say it!” Sun Yaotian released the pressure from his origin ability of 8. This really made Luo Wei tremble even more vigorously.

“His sister, the most important person to him is his sister. Plus, she is our school’s student as well.” Luo Wei hurriedly said.

“Oh? Sister?” Sun Yaotian’s eyes flashed with evil intent. ”What is her name?”

“Su Ling!”

“Su Ling?” Sun Yaotian was stunned, “That talented second year girl?”

“Yes, that’s her.”

“That waste has such a talented sister.” Sun Yaotian hesitated a bit. Su Ling was not an ordinary person. She was just in her second year and already reached an origin ability of 8. This meant that she would soon reach 9, a monstrous talent indeed.

She was indeed the focus of the school. If he dare to do anything to Su Ling, he was pretty sure that those several old farts in school would peel his skin off without a doubt. Thinking of those old farts, Sun Yaotian began to have cold sweat.

But to let Su Hao go just like that, he was not willing to.

Sun Yaotian was very uncertain and hesitated for a moment. Then, he pressed the machine like watch on his left wrist.

“Shua!”

A virtual screen shot out. Compared to other students who used the old kind of mobile phones, Sun Yaotian was indeed part of a new generation of youths.

After he selected a number, Sun Yaotian dialed it. A few seconds later, the figure of someone flashed out onto the virtual screen. With an imposing figure, copper like skin, clear and cold eyes, he looked at Sun Yaotian, “What?”

“Brother Yifeng, I noticed that Yiran and a poor student were going to school together.” Sun Yaotian stopped for a moment before he unwillingly added, “with their clothes not properly dressed up.”

“I already knew about it.” The guy in the virtual screen nodded and closed the communication instantly.

That ignorant attitude really caused Sun Yaotian some anger but then it quickly dissipated. “Su Hao, I might not be able to do anything to you. But naturally, someone else would kill you instead. Oh, I am afraid by now that you still don’t know who you provoked.”

Somewhere in the Jianghe city.

Chen Yifeng closed the communication with a trace of a sneer on his mouth. “Sun Yaotian, this waste still dares to seek attention from my sister, he really is just seeking his death.”

“However, regarding the matter just now, I believe he dares to not lie to me. Seems that it’s necessary for me to go to school then.”

Having thought like this, Chen Yifeng started the engine of his limited edition sports car. In the middle of the sky, a gorgeous ray of light flashed through, flying towards a certain direction.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0005 First sign of budding talent
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0005 First sign of budding talent

After separating from Chen Yiran, Su Hao walked towards the classroom. Regarding the gossip, both of them did not even bother to keep it in their heart at all.

Chen Yiran did not care, because whoever dared to gossip in front of her, she would return the favor with a fist. She who acted swiftly and decisively was not like those typical weak fragile girls. Su Hao cared even less than her. After all, any explanation would just end up as a fart. Only those with strength would be considered speaking the truth!

After using his origin ability several times, Su Hao was very happy with the established card models. However, he felt that he still needed to learn more about it by practicing. This so-called origin ability practice, it was his class teacher who taught them the method to practice origin ability which could increase the upper limit of origin ability and improve the recovery speed. Thus, it would also help in displaying other’s origin ability comprehensively and efficiently.

Because establishing card models consumed the origin ability energy at a monstrous rate, an intermediate basic fighting technique card completely emptied his energy reservoir. Furthermore, he had all his energy used up again by the advanced basic fighting technique. This was really too extreme!

The recovery cycle took too long!

Walking into the classroom, he was no longer the same as last time. Now, Su Hao was filled with an ocean of confidence. The two classes in the morning were about basic fighting techniques. They could be considered as higher level courses. Last time, Su Hao would listen to this course with his eyelids nearly closed. Now, he was willing to listen with eagerness.

He had just completely mastered basic fighting techniques. Now with his combat experience coupled with the knowledge obtained from the classroom, it was even more productive.

After the class ended, Su Hao was ready to go have a meal at the cafeteria but something unwanted happened. A person surprisingly was blocking his path there and looked at him with great interest.

“You are?” Su Hao could feel that this man was actually waiting for him here.

“Chen Yifeng.” Chen Yifeng faintly said, “You should have heard of my name before.”

Turned out to be him?

Su Hao was scared deep in his heart. A few students who passed by stopped and looked at the man. Within a few seconds, that place started to be packed with more onlookers.

This was all because of Chen Yifeng!

Chen Yifeng, the brother of Chen Yiran is a super genius. With extremely high talent in origin ability, that year he was able to reach value of 12 and was the first ever student from this school to enter into Zhanzeng College.

For those rich guys who have strong origin ability, many people would just dismiss their strength. It was because as long as their family is rich, they would be able to be as strong as those rich guys.

However, facing Chen Yifeng, you would notice that if you are only comparing money you would not hurt your self esteem much. But if it is something other than money, for example knowledge, attitude, capability or any other characteristics, you would be completely demolished!

This was one of the legendary figures!

“Are there any reasons to find me?” Su Hao asked with a calm tone but in his heart, he was clear that it should be regarding the matter with Chen Yiran today.

“There are only a few people who could let my sister take a fancy to them. Not having to say, a student with just origin ability of 5.” Chen Yifeng said clearly with great interest, “I do not like to bully weaklings. Thus, let me suppress my origin ability to 5 and play with you.”

With his eyes squinting, Su Hao replied, “Fine!”

Those students watching the scene, their jaw nearly dropped off. What are these two men doing? These men meeting up each other was already a matter which should have never happened in real life. Chen Yifeng was trying to seek trouble with Su Hao and yet, Su Hao......even agreed!

This is Chen Yifeng. Last time, he was the first ever to enter that college!

Is Su Hao trying to court his death?

Everyone was talking about the scene. More and more spectators stopped to watch together. After all, they wanted to have a look at the legend himself.

Being stronger and more dominant than anyone, if you want to be the strongest man, the first point is to have a heart as hard as a rock. Whether it was the comment about Chen Yifeng or Su Hao from the crowd, those comments were completely ignored.

Chen Yifeng suppressed his origin ability to 5 and then with a gesture, made a bring it on sign to Su Hao.

Su Hao also did not hold back; he immediately took action.

“Ha!”

A devastating punch was actually casually blocked by Chen Yifeng and at the same time, he immediately counter attacked. A series of gorgeous moves with such earth shattering strength were displayed, causing a burst of excitement among the spectators.

He is indeed a legend. Once he showed his skills, they were so natural and flowed in succession perfectly. They were like a fine grade masterpiece.

Su Hao who could only barely see the moves wrinkled his eyebrows.

An opening!

There were lots of openings!

“Is this an intentional lure?”

Su Hao defended himself cautiously. Facing this legend which everyone look up to, he must not be careless at all. He only reacted accordingly and was playing it very safe.

One was defending while the other one attacked. Within a few minutes, two of them had already exchanged numerous moves in a row.

The amateurs were looking in excitement while the experts were trying to gain something from the fight.

A few minutes had passed and he had yet to dominate the foe. Chen Yifeng wrinkled his eyebrows slightly. He had already suppressed Su Hao to the extreme but he was very clear that Su Hao’s defense did not have any holes; he did not even give him a chance to hit at all.

This time, Su Hao had become more relaxed. His moves also begun to flow steadily, going from a dissonant and somewhat jittery reactive to a calm, steady and proactive flow. This was because of two reason, one, he had slowly begun to lose the anxiety he had, and two, he found a rhythm as well as something incredible. Chen Yifeng was not deliberately trying to trap him but his moves were actually flawed!

Chen Yifeng came at him again. Su Hao kicked with his foot at an oblique angle, a strange way of attack which forced Chen Yifeng to back off in defense.

“Dang!”

Su Hao’s offense was easily blocked. However, at this moment, Su Hao’s counterattack began!

With two steps forward, Su Hao rose up to the sky and with a twist of his body and a kick was directed down. This again forced Chen Yifeng to defend himself. Su Hao was really ruthless as he continued his attack.

One fist! Two fist! This morning, the skill obtained from Chen Yiran was again activated. Plus, compared to the previous him, Su Hao had mastered even more.

Two small set of moves from the beginner basic fighting technique!

The ultimate moves from the advanced basic fighting technique!

When Su Hao combined all the skills from the beginner, intermediate and advanced fighting technique in such fluency, Chen Yifeng’s facial expression finally changed.

That gorgeous long succession of moves coming out from Su Hao’s hands, was not as beautiful as Chen Yifeng’s version but was still an extremely powerful combat rhythm.

Peng!

Peng!

Peng!

Within a few seconds, Chen Yifeng kept moving backwards. He had been forced to retreat more than 10 steps.

The crowds watching the scene took a deep breath.

“Such strong set of moves!”

“Is this really a student with origin ability of 5?”

In general, only those who had reached origin ability of 6 would learn beginner basic fighting technique. When they reached 7, they would learn intermediate fighting technique and then advanced level at origin ability of 9. Mastering them would take a very long amount of time. Never would they have thought that Su Hao would completely grasp this knowledge!

In fact, this was something Chen Yifeng hoped for.

His sister, Chen Yiran only lost to him slightly in the talent department. Although Su Hao’s talent in origin ability was low, his original mastery in fighting technique was not a disgrace. If Chen Yifeng knew that this came from the combination of three geniuses understanding on fighting techniques, even if you beat him up he would not act up on Su Hao.

Not to mention, he had suppressed his origin ability to 5. The situation when Chen Yiran had to eat her loss was about to repeat again on her brother.

“No wonder my sister looks at you differently.” Chen Yifeng nodded earnestly. “For the mastery of fighting technique, I am indeed not as good as you.”

A commotion suddenly occurred within the crowd.

These two sentences by Chen Yifeng confirmed two important points. First was that Chen Yiran was really in a relationship with Su Hao. The other point was Su Hao’s strength was actually very formidable. No matter which point, this was indeed enough to be an everlasting gossip topic.

Su Hao smiled. When he wanted to deny his relationship with Chen Yiran, a very familiar gait and body odour came from behind.

Chen Yiran came to the scene.

Chen Yifeng who had wanted to say some words had a change in his expression. He immediately turned his body and ran away. (t/n: hahahahahah, now this is the true nature of a sister. Unlike Xiaoxiao in SBT.)

“Chen Yifeng, you stop there right now!”

Chen Yiran shouted at him. With elegant footsteps, she chased Chen Yifeng like wind. When she passed by Su Hao, she did not forget to stare at him fiercely.

That stare actually meant she would find him later to collect the debt.

Su Hao could only smiled bitterly. He was truly innocent.

(t/n: it’s okay, Su Hao. A slap or two from a beauty is something to enjoy...)

Kai: The more tsun they are now, the more dere they will be later :3

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0006 Origin ability firm
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0006 Origin ability firm

This big scale gossip was going on for a long time. Whenever Su Hao was walking around on campus, from time to time, some students would be pointing at him from a distance away.

Facing such situations, Su Hao could only bitterly smiled. During battle, he could seal himself off from any distractions. However, during normal times, he was still unable to get used to such situations. Out of desperation, he simply rushed back to his classroom and wanted to review the battle.

This time, his luck greatly contributed to winning. As for Chen Yifeng’s current strength, to suppress his origin ability to 5 was not an easy feat. If he had just casually used a more advanced skill, he was afraid that his origin ability would instantly go past the value of 5.

Thus, every single attack of his, Chen Yifeng would have to think twice to ensure his attack would be at a value of 5. Most ordinary people wouldn’t notice that Chen Yifeng had to take extra time for his attacks, rendering them not as fluid and reducing the displayed proficiency. However, Su Hao who was fighting could keenly notice this and realised that his skills paled greatly in comparison, the incident was just like an eye opener for him.

The school bell rang and the class teacher Yang Ziqing came in and resumed her teaching on origin ability cultivation.

“Breathe.....let your power follow your lead, control it. Let it flow slowly in the route which you have learned until it has completed one cycle.”

Yang Ziqing led her students to carry out origin ability cultivation.

Su Hao instantly activated his model analysis ability. Facing the direction of Yang Ziqing, a model of her immediately established in his mind and one of her origin ability cards appeared and floated around her model.

This was the latest discovery of Su Hao.

Although creating model consumed quite a bit of his origin ability energy, if he just extracted one ability card instead of trying to throw a net and extract every ability card, the energy consumption would be much lower.

Thus, he only extracted out Yang Ziqing’s cultivation card.

Name : Advanced origin ability cultivation

Rating : 2 stars

Introduction : Origin ability cultivation, the basic method to increase origin ability energy. Higher levels will greatly enhance the amount of energy stored and its recovery rate.

“She really deserves to be our class teacher.” Su Hao licked his lips, “In our class, most of the students have not even mastered beginner cultivation. If they have some insight also, they would only reach beginner at most. As for the very few geniuses, they would most probably reach intermediate. Yet, our class teacher has reached advanced level. This is the first time I obtained a 2-star card, obviously it would be better than the others.”

As long as he mastered advanced cultivation, he would be able to rise up in a straight line to the clear sky, having almost endless origin ability energy.

With both eyes closed, Su Hao began analyzing the card.

“Card selection completed......advanced origin ability cultivation......analyzing.....establishment of model.......card model establishment completed....”

Shua!

A black card appeared in the middle of Su Hao’s brain. His heart rate began to surge as the integration with the card started.

“Hua....”

A moment later, the energy which he painstakingly recover was instantly emptied. Su Hao was dumbfounded right on the spot. He had just used his origin ability and now, not able to recover back even one percent. He understood that he would not be able to complete the fusion at one go but....

Looking at the gray card which only lighted up at a very small area, Su Hao was speechless. It was only one in a thousand!

What this meant was even if he recovered his energy to the fullest, he would need at least a full three months in order to understand this card.

Yet, a duration of three months was absolutely worth it. As for most people, don’t say three months, even if 3 years or 3 decades, being able to master advanced cultivation was something very difficult and worth celebrating.

But........one month later would be the mock exam. This was the best chance to enter the natural selection class!

Anyone who enters this natural selection class would be hopping into a high-speed train and become a part of the school’s most important figures! This would represent an enlarging rift between them and ordinary students.

Having strong qualified teachers, rich resources of the school, and powerful training. If the gap was too large, it would be hard to catch up. This was the best time to be on the better side of this split – for the highest glory, for the chance to have an entry into Zhangzheng college!

“If I want to enter Zhangzeng college, I must quickly enhance my strength. To do so, I would have to rely on model analysis but...”

“No, I can’t wait for it to slowly recover.”

Su Hao thought for quite a long time before finally thinking of a brilliant idea.

At the market, there were stores selling medicine to recover origin ability energy. After consuming the medicine, you would be able to recover your energy at very fast rate. In fact, to think of such an idea was not exactly innovative, it was just that Su Hao subconsciously ignored it. It was all because of .....money!

Even the lowest grade recovery medicine would cost him 10,000 star dollars. For Su Hao, affording this price was something which he could only dream of. Even if he sold himself, he would still not able to afford it.

Su Hao thought for a moment before finally making a decision.

“Work! Earn money! Buy the recovery medicine!”

The amount of high school students working part time was quite a large number. Some were doing it for cultivation while some were trying to make money. As their qualifications and talents were different from each other, most of them will choose work at one particular place – origin ability firm!

The so-called origin ability firm, is just a place to accept missions. It is a medium for the customers to issue missions and any interested parties or individuals to accept the missions. Once the mission is completed, they would be able to receive the corresponding rewards.

Besides the service fees which are a bit murky, it is basically safe and reliable.

The origin ability firm was huge. At the hall in the first floor, there were lots of ATM like machines as a self service platform. Anyone would be able to get any information by using the machine.

Su Hao walked to the front of a self service platform. With a stroke on the screen with his hand, information about Wu Hao appeared. Lines of strange missions were listed on the screen.

Help Zhang San to find his lost pet dog, task reward: 30 star dollar, task level: 1 star

Help Li Si find his lost phone, task reward: 50 star dollar, task level: 1 star

Help Xiao Ming finish his homework.....

“What the f*ck!”

Su Hao looked at the screen and started to sweat. These types of missions can also be issued?

Such low star money reward, tasks which could make anyone’s hair stand. As he was cursing a few words, shua! The information on the screen refreshed. The task to find puppy and doing homework were gone. This indicated that someone had accepted the mission!

“Okay then....” Su Hao then helplessly went to the menu selection. On the results filtering tab, he deselected displaying 1-star missions!

Shua!

The screen flashed and new task information appeared. He then browsed through all the 2-star tasks, cracking information on the hard disk, one day receptionist at a bar, martial art sparring for a day....

Su Hao then continued scrolling seriously.

For these missions, those with suitable origin abilities would be able to complete the task with ease and obtain thousands of star dollars. As Su Hao was reading the information about these tasks, he somehow was unable to find any jobs which suit him.

Obviously a Jianghe city’s building did not collapse. The bridge had not collapsed and no building was being built. Thus, he could not find any relevant mission for his model analysis.

Su Hao could only smile bitterly. He continued to scroll down and the moment when he was about to give up, he suddenly came across a line of information: Collect one star grass, task reward: one bottle of low level origin ability recovery medicine, task level: 2 stars

“Low level origin ability recovery medicine!” Su Hao’s eyes shined and quickly opened the detail of the task.

This is a task to collect. The collection location is at the hillside of a small hill outside the city which is the habitat of star grass.

“Outside the city....” Su Hao somehow hesitated. No wonder it offered such a high reward. Although the location to harvest the grass was not far away from the city, in the current era as long as you are not in the city at any moment, there will surely be a risk of danger! You would never know when a fearful beast would appear.

“Fight!”

Su Hao clenched his teeth and memorized the task number to register it at the counter.

The identification verification process was completed in just a few breaths. However, when the registrar at the counter noticed Su Hao’s origin ability was only 5, he quickly advised, “This student, the place to collect star grass usually would be frequented by some fearful beasts. With an origin ability of 6 you can barely confront them. At least you will still be able to escape if you are unable to beat it. Why don’t you reconsider?”

Su Hao firmly shook his head. Seeing this, the registrar no longer tried to persuade him. After all, he had seen these kind of people too often.

“Many thanks.”

After finishing the registration, Su Hao then walked towards the direction of the outer city. With a distance of only 3 miles, it should not take much time. It was just that he could hear sounds of gossip from his back.

“Another one who values money more than his life.”

“Yea. They are pushing their luck too much. These days, how many people had died from such missions. Why is this task listed as 2 stars?”

“You are right. In my opinion, how could this be a 2-star task? This was clearly a 3-star combat mission. Usually most of the time, you would have to encounter fearful beasts. This is such a fraud!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0007 The era of darkness
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0007 The era of darkness

After passing through the quantum scanner of the city gate, Su Hao for the very first time in his life stepped out of the city! Unlike the lively city, here it was just a deserted place, full of killing intent and a quiet atmosphere which made one’s hair stand.

Su Hao had a glance at his surroundings. He dared not to run aimlessly. Instead, he took out a map which indicated his destination and walked accordingly.

Three miles, was really not that far.

After passing through the Zhong Yang avenue, he reached a mountain trail on the right hand side. A few bends later, Su Hao finally reached at the destination described in the task. After he was able to find the quest location, Su Hao began to search for the grass. Half an hour later, at a relatively remote corner with grasses reaching waist height, a star grass was hidden among them.

After a careful and cautious observation for a moment, he did not notice any beast presences.

“This is strange. Didn’t they say the chances of encountering fearful beasts are close to 100%?”

Su Hao wrinkled his eyebrows. Heading down the mountain, travelling through the mountain trail until he reached the foot of the mountain, his body was in a cautious state. Somehow, he could not shake off this feeling that something unexpected may appear behind him.

“Shua!”

Su Hao suddenly rolled forwards. A sharp claw flashed from the side and cut through where he was mere moments ago, the strike instead landed on a tree next to him.

“Ka cha!”

The tree instantly snapped.

Su Hao then looked back. A werewolf like beast stood in front of him with a withered body which look like firewood. With a pair of red eyes and sharp claws, he could smell a thick bloody scent from it. With Su Hao’s 180 points in theoretical basis, he still could not recognize this monster in front of him.

“Hou!”

The beast howled for a moment. In an instant, it jumped out and with its sharp claws aimed at Su Hao’s throat.

Su Hao subconsciously wanted to evade it but soon he calmed himself down. Evading was not just simply useless.

If he wanted to survive and leave this place, killing is the only way out!

“Ge Dang!”

Su Hao’s left hand grasped the wrist of the beast, barely avoiding the glistening claws. With a twist of his body, his right elbow was firmly launched towards the beast’s chest.

Peng!

As soon as the sound travelled through the air, Su Hao felt like he was hitting a plate of iron. However, the beast was indeed affected by his strike and stepped backwards.

Su Hao was unyielding. With quick footsteps, he immediately grasped the beast’s right arm. The beast figure who was retreating was unexpectedly pulled forwards. While avoiding the sharp claws, he then utilised the pulling momentum for an even greater strike.

Rising up, his figure appeared to be floating as he rotated, a flying kick was precisely directed down at the beast’s skull.

“Hou!”

The beast who had received a kick on its head was somehow dazed. Su Hao then took this opening to strike it with a kick again, making it fly over.

“Hou......!”

The beast surprisingly stood up as if nothing had happened. With a growl and a red light flashing in its eyes, it was as if he had undergone some transformation from its anger.

“Damn it!”

Su Hao cursed loudly. “If I can’t identify this beast, I would not be able to find its weakness.”

Peng!

Peng!

The beast rushed forward again. Su Hao immediately reacted with a counter attack. Basic fighting techniques were flowing flawlessly from his hand, with a continuous set of moves, punch by punch on its body, which made the beast keep retreating. Too bad its skin was really tough and thick. Every time it was hit until it fell on the ground, it would instantly stand back up.

“Such a good thick skin!”

Out of nowhere, Su Hao’s mind suddenly made a move. It has always been known to him that he was able to create a character model. Then what about...... a beast model?

When he thought of this, Su Hao then focused his sight at the beast.

“Model analysis, start!”

Shua!

The surroundings started to become illusionary. The world seem to have stopped moving completely. When the model establishment in his brain completed, it instantly shocked Su Hao. This was because the model which he saw in his mind was not any beast but a person!

A thin physique middle aged man with a wretched appearance appeared. Around him, there were two cards floating around.

Su Hao had a quick glance at the cards; beginner origin ability cultivation and beginner alienation.

“What is this? It is indeed a beast but why is the model I saw a person?” Su Hao was now in a panicky state.

This is wrong!

Beginner alienation!

With his mind, Su Hao selected the card beginner alienation. The card establishment was unsuccessful. This would conclude that beginner alienation was this person’s origin ability.

At the origin ability firm, he received intelligence that a beast usually frequented the bottom of the mountain....with 180 points of theoretical basis, he was not able to recognize this beast.....the establishment of the model analysis was instead a person.....

“Shua!”

A light flashed in Su Hao’s eyes, he finally understood the current situation.

The being in front of him was definitely not a beast but a human. He had used his origin ability to disguise himself as a beast. This man had very vicious thoughts!

After he clearly understood the situation, Su Hao was able to calm down completely. Since it is a human, it would be easy for Su Hao to handle it.

Su Hao began to start his offense again. With countless consecutives punches directed at its chest, dull metal sounds were being produced. Unfortunately, Su Hao’s fist began to feel some traces of pain. However, without the slightest of hesitations, his next strike was still directed towards its chest.

One fist! Two fist!

One fist! Two fist!

The more Su Hao hit, the faster his offense. The beast somehow did not seem to be affected by the punches.

Peng!

Peng!

The beast was again brought down. Su Hao suddenly rose up to the sky. With a step on the tree behind, he rose up higher and then instantly dropped down to strike from the air.

“Hong!”

With such a heavy blow, a figure flew up. A “puff......” sound could be heard from the beast. It then started to vomit out blood while the red light on its eyes began disappearing.

The beast’s hair began to fade which then revealed a wretched middle aged man wearing shorts. With his eyes not showing any hint of life, this was a clear sign that he was dead.

Su Hao wrinkled his eyebrows! This man was so daring to disguise as a beast to rob people. He deserved to die!

However, this made him completely awake. Su Hao had really underestimated the darkness of this era. If you want to survive in this world, you must not only be wary of beasts but also humans!

With a drop of the fluid, the man completely disappeared. Su Hao then looked around. Since this man kept appearing here everytime, this man must have hid somewhere dark to observe.

In just a few moments, after exploring the surroundings, about a mile away, Su Hao found a small cave. In the cave, there were many surveillance equipment and dozens of star grass!

“Dozens of.... This bastard had actually killed many people!” Su Hao did not touch other stuff. He only took the star grass with him and destroyed everything else. Then he started to head back to the city.

His strength had indeed been reduced from fatigue. Thus, on the way back, Su Hao needed to be extra cautious.

Once he reached the city, Su Hao appeared to be relieved. Looking at the bundles of star grass at his hands, he showed a trace of a smile on his face. This trip, although it was dangerous, it was indeed worth it.

When he reached the origin ability firm, the sky was already dark. The firm however, was still bustling with people. When Su Hao entered the firm, a group of people at one corner began to quiet down.

“Hey, isn’t that the boy from this afternoon? He came back alive?”

“In his hands....star grass! He has so much!”

“Wow, this boy was able to find the location of the star grass? He is indeed very lucky.”

“Yea. If I knew, I would have gone there this afternoon. This cheap kid.”

Many people in the firm talked with a tone of envy. They seemed to believe that if they had gone to take this task instead, all these gains would have been theirs. Su Hao just ignored them and went straight to the counter to report his task’s completion.

The registrar which saw that Su Hao had come back alive was greatly surprised. However he still professionally helped Su Hao to register the task’s completion. Then, he handed a bottle of blue coloured medicine to Su Hao.

“Origin ability restoration medicine....” Su Hao was somehow filled with excitement. Facing the registrar, Su Hao asked, “Can you help me to get the information of the man who gave this mission? I believe you can see with your own eyes I have a lot of star grass here.”

The registrar shook his head. “Our customer’s information is absolutely kept confidential. Since you requested my help, I will help you ask about it the next time he comes.”

“Many thanks.”

Su Hao grinned and headed outside the firm.

Just when he headed out of the firm, a huge stature unexpectedly blocked his pathway. Su Hao raised his eyebrows, “Anything?”

The man then smiled, “Kid, you have so much star grass. Even if you keep them, they will just be useless to you. How about this? Why don’t you sell them to me for 100 star dollars each? I want all of them.”

“100 star dollars?” Su Hao smiled. Looking at this confident man with an origin ability of 6 points, Su Hao instantly made his move without any signs.

Surprise attack!

Su Hao’s figure suddenly appeared closer to the man and directly attacked the man’s chest. Once punch, two punches! With a rapid bombardment, the man’s chest felt really tight and he had difficulty breathing.

The man furiously sent a blow towards Su Hao. Su Hao sneered and quickly grabbed the incoming fist.

A shoulder throw!

A flying kick!

A rising kick!

“Peng!”

The huge body of the man fell on the ground. Su Hao clapped his hands and immediately sped away. For such people, he was too lazy to bother with them.

When Su Hao left, a few people who had paid attention to him instantly scrapped any ideas.

Although this kid’s origin ability was only 5, he had already mastered advanced fighting techniques. With such a series of ultra-fast blows which they couldn’t even clearly follow, who the hell wanted to mess with him?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0008 The cheating recovery medicine
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0008 The cheating recovery medicine

He returned home to notice he was alone, his family had yet to return. Su Hao organised the star grass neatly. Looking at the beginner recovery medicine in his right hand, he felt a burst of excitement.

This little item, actually costs 10 thousand star dollars!

Opening the bottle which contained the liquid, it looked like the traditional oral cleansing solutions. From the blue bottle, an unusual type of fragrance permeated throughout the room. Su Hao was startled. Such a fragrance could actually begin re-energising his origin energy.

As he was ready to drink in one motion, Su Hao abruptly stopped his action.

“No!”

“I can’t drink this now!”

Of course consuming this recovery medicine would be able to restore all of his origin ability energy but.....that was it! His progress in advanced cultivation would only increase by a tiny bit. As for his current strength, it did not bring any benefits at all.

But.....what if he used in other way?

Su Hao then thought that mastering advanced cultivation would be an extremely difficult task as of now. Why not start it from the beginner level first? This bottle should be enough for him to master beginner origin ability cultivation. This should definitely increase his pitiable origin ability by leaps and bounds.

After he had set a clear goal, Su Hao kept the recovery medicine. He then continued practicing fighting techniques in order to familiarise every move and type available.

After his family members reached home, during dinner, Su Hao once again copied his sister, Su Ling’s beginner cultivation ability. As usual, an additional card appeared in the middle of his mind, beginner origin ability cultivation card.

After finishing his meal, he went straight back to his room.

Su Hao took a deep breath. Opening the bottle, he drank all the liquid in one shot.

“Gudong....”

Once the medicine entered into his body, a violent energy instantly burst throughout his body. His body became really uncomfortable. A trace of blood could be seen flowing from his mouth. With both fists tightly gripped, his body kept shaking.

“Damn! What is this shit!”

“Beginner recovery medicine is definitely most harmless. As it is according to the Origin Ability Association standard, should not be giving any harm to the consumer.” Su Hao could easily recall the description of this medicine from the textbook. Compared to the current immediate impact, it was totally different.

“Pu!”

Su Hao splurted out blood. He then half squatted on the floor while clenching his fists till the nails penetrated his skin.

“I have been cheated! Poison?”

As Su Hao was in the middle of an absent mind, he suddenly noticed his origin ability suddenly started to rise rapidly. It was the same as the impact just now, violent and rough with such monstrous rate.

“Beginner origin ability cultivation, activate!”

“Shua!”

The gray card in the middle of his mind instantly turned bright. One percent, five percent, ten percent.....the energy seemed to be inexhaustible. The progress of the card was extremely fast.

In exactly 10 seconds, Su Hao’s body re-entered that uncomfortable state again. Beginner origin ability cultivation, complete!

“Hong!”

His mind’s capacity seemed to forcefully expand. The originally small space began to expand again. Su Hao’s origin ability energy limit was increased and the recovery speed went to another level.

Beginner origin ability cultivation; all students which are focused on by the school must master this course. This was because it is the minimum requirement for the college entrance. Score: 100 points!

“I mastered it!”

Su Hao pleasantly said. However, the next moment, the pain felt by his whole body dragged him back to reality. His body’s origin ability was still skyrocketing!

“This degree of recovery already exceeds any recovery medicine available in the market right now.” Su Hao withstood the pain and began his analysis. Looking helplessly at the progress of his origin ability which was rapidly rising; his emptied energy was now back at full tank!

“Advanced origin ability cultivation, activate!”

“Shua!”

Since his origin ability kept growing, Su Hao directly started to activate the advanced cultivation card. In about 10 seconds time, the medicine’s effect gradually slowed down. As for the advanced cultivation card, the progress had gone up to a full 10 percent!

“Ar!”

Su Hao grinned to himself. This was indeed not bad; such rapid progress. However, he would not dare to experience such thing any time soon. If the side effect was to reach such a degree every time, he was afraid he would die from the side effect before having any breakthroughs.

Standing up, Su Hao had aches all over his body. He wanted to get back on his bed and lie down. Then, as he took a step, he suddenly faltered.

“Peng!”

Su Hao crashed down onto the floor and displayed the word ‘da’. (T/N: 大)

“Deng, deng, deng!”

Sound of footsteps could be heard. Su Hao’s room door was suddenly opened without any warning. His sister, Su Ling rushed into the room in a panic and was shocked. “Bro, what happen?”

Su Hao bitterly smiled.

Su Ling then came closer to help him stand up. Su Hao could only clenched his teeth due to the intense pain. After lying on his bed, only after laying down did he feel much better.

“Bro, did Sun Yaotian bully you again?” Su Ling raised her tiny nose; with some dissatisfaction she asked him.

“Nope.” Su Hao bitterly smiled while shook his head. “Just now I was practicing. As a result, I was injured.”

“Really?” Su Ling asked Su Hao while staring at him.

“En.” Su Hao nodded and comforted his sister, “Rest assured. You brother has a strong body. This little injury is nothing to me. You better go rest early. Tomorrow, we still have to go to school.”

“Oh.” After making sure her brother was alright, she left the room. It was just that her mouth was still muttering, “Stupid brother, just practice makes you fall. Yet still wants to act like an adult.”

The corner of Su Hao’s mouth slightly twitched. He decisively chose to disregard her comment and then closed his eyes to rest.

At the centre of Jianghe city, inside a garden villa.

Chen Yiran was holding a ruler in her hand. With a very dark expression, she looked ahead. As for the legendary figure whom everyone in the school idolized him, Chen Yifeng, he just sat on a chair quietly and looked down. He dared not to move even a slightest. (T/N: Is this her sister or Asian mum instead?)

“Bro, you are so daring right?”

“No!” Chen Yifeng replied quickly, “Today it was just coincident for me to pass by your school.”

“You want to lie who? You still think I am a little kid?” Chen Yiran continued in a very angry tone, “You found Su Hao and made a move against him right? You already graduated so many years ago yet you still try to bully people.”

“Love really makes one forgetful.” Chen Yifeng whispered the next sentence, “Once you have a lover, you start to put this old brother aside.”

“What did you say?!”

Chen Yiran immediately hit down on him with the ruler in her hand. With gas coming out from her head, she said, “I already said that Su Hao and I are not a couple.”

“Aiya, I know.” Chen Yifeng waved his hand. “Rest assured. I have already tested him. That kid passed my test. Next time when dad and mum nag you, I will absolutely be on your side.”

Chen Yiran had been angered till she became speechless. Other people’s view she could ignore but her very own brother, she could not help but to care about. “Next time, don’t you ever find Su Hao again!”

“Even if you ask me to go also I won’t do it.” Chen Yifeng rolled his eyes, “Find him for what? With my origin ability, I will be just bullying the weak. If I suppress my origin ability, I can’t beat him.”

Hearing this, Chen Yiran secretly laughed at him. “You deserved it! This morning, I sparred with him. Under the situation of suppressing origin ability, I also could not beat him.”

“!!”

Chen Yifeng was shocked. “This morning, you were sparring? Then you two....you two really do not have any relationship?”

“Of course.” Chen Yiran said confidently. Noticing Chen Yifeng’s facial expression, she finally understood. “It must be that Sun Yaotian that spoke about us from behind. His words, you still believe them!”

Chen Yifeng embarrassedly said, “It’s okay. It doesn’t matter anymore.”

“Who said it does not matter?” Chen Yiran then stood there silently while touching her forehead. “Oh my old brother, at first it was still okay, but your trip to the school was just like admitting our relationship in front of everyone. Next time when we meet, it must be so awkward. Even now, I still do not know how to face Su Hao.”

“Weng, weng...”

Chen Yifeng’s wristband vibrated. With a change to a serious face, he then told Chen Yiran, “There is a call. It must be something important. I will go outside and answer the phone.”

Chen Yiran could only helplessly looked at her brother who left with a grin in his face. Again this move. You think I did not see that you pressed it yourself?

Stretching her body, Chen Yiran walked towards the window. With the moonlight shining on her body, the scene of being enveloped by the moonlight; created an illusion of a goddess.

For her, it was really a day full of unexpected events.

Su Hao’s skyrocketing improvement, Chen Yifeng’s sudden visit, the battle between Chen Yifeng and Su Hao, ar.....these two years hard work from Su Hao, was he finally rewarded? I wonder how far this guy can go.

Chen Yiran raised her head, filled with a smile full of hope. Even if she did not notice it herself, a seed quietly and unknowingly planted itself in her heart.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0009 Berserk master
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

GMC 0009 Berserk master

The following day, Su Hao realised he was still the main topic of discussions among students when he went to school. The gossip about him and Chen Yiran was getting hotter and hotter. Regarding this matter, he could only ignore it. With a peaceful mind, he attended the class as usual.

In a blink of an eye, a few days had passed. During the recovery period from his injuries, his origin ability slowly advanced. Whenever his energy tank is full, he would use it on the advanced level of basic fighting techniques.

Within these few days, his progress was something noticeable.

During the injury, he could not cultivate at all and that was very hard for him to accept. Fortunately, after a few days of resting, Su Hao’s body recovered to a suitable condition.

After fully recovering from his injury, the first thing he did was to go to the origin ability firm to collect his debt!

Early in the morning on Saturday, Su Hao reached the origin ability firm and approached the registrar at the counter. He was stunned looking at the fiery Su Hao and asked, “You want to do a quest?”

Su Hao shook his head. “Last time I asked you for the information about the person who gave the star grass task.”

“Ah, that!” The registrar suddenly remembered. “When he came here to retrieve the grass, I did use that opportunity to ask him but he said he did not need any for now. If he needs it, he would put up a request again.”

“Really?” Su Hao casually said, “Give me his contact information.”

“I am sorry but you already know that a customer’s information is strictly confidential.” The registrar apologized.

“Then you can contact him yourself.” Su Hao sneered, “I do not need his contact information. You just need to pass the word to him, If he disagrees, then forget about it.”

“What word?”

“That day the task reward, a beginner origin ability recovery medicine had problems. I had to lay down on my bed for 3 straight nights before I fully recovered!” Su Hao slammed the table and continued, “Doesn’t origin ability firm do any inspections beforehand? Tell him if he does not give me a reasonable explanation, I will report him to the origin ability association!”

Looking at Su Hao who had exploded, the registrar was silenced. His heart could only secretly smile.

Under normal circumstances, the task reward would always have to undergo some test. However, for a beginner recovery medicine, it was just a mere thing. It was not worth it to replace it with any fake products. That was why they did not inspect it. Never did they expect that this medicine apparently poses some problem!

“Hold on.”

The registrar appeased Su Hao and went inside to have a discussion with the higher ups. Soon, he returned from the inside to the counter, “Can we can compensate you with a bottle of beginner recovery medicine for free?”

Su Hao had a shock in his heart. Free compensation? That was a full 10 thousand star dollars worth medicine. Plus, it is not a genuine stable beginner origin ability recovery medicine.

However, Su Hao managed to suppress his inner desire in a few breaths. “I want to see him.”

The registrar smiled bitterly and said, “Okay then. Open your communication device. I will give you his contact information.”

Su Hao took out a large screen outdated mobile phone from his pocket and asked, “Is this okay?”

The registrar was surprised till he almost fell. He could easily complete the 10 thousand dollars task, reject the compensation but apparently he could not even afford a virtual communication device?

“Hold for a moment.” The registrar went somewhere to copy a map for Su Hao. “This is Zhang Dashi’s home. You just need to follow the route stated in the map to reach his home.”

“Many thanks.”

Su Hao kept the map and walked outside.

Zhang Dashi?

Such broken name. Why did he suddenly had a weird feeling about the name? F*ck! Luckily his name is not Zhang Tianshi. If not, Su Hao would never go to find him even if you beat him to death. (T/N: Zhang Tianshi is referring to a chinese god.)

After confirming that he had reached the location, Su Hao walked in and was instantly startled.

There were no sticks or robes. In contrast, this looked like a secret pharmacy. Some distance away, an old man was in his own world with his experiment facing dozens of bottles. His eyes looked like some fanatic god and did not notice the arrival of Su Hao at all.

Zhang Dashi, so he is a medicine dashi? Su Hao finally understood what his name meant. (T/N: Dashi=master)

After the emergence of origin abilities, chinese traditional medicine and drug making became a market driving force and their business grew exponentially.

Through the usage of origin ability, many Chinese acupuncture techniques and treatments surprisingly had very good effects. Numerous illnesses were able to be cured by chinese medicine and there were cases where the patient’s strength had been improved to a certain extent.

As for drug making, numerous research had been done on this topic. The principal aim for this research was none other than to enhance the strength of the medicinal effect! Origin ability recovery medicine! From the most expensive to beginner medicine, all were made by the pharmacists.

The old man was giving his full concentration to the bottle in his hand. That moment was the time where the old man could not stop or leave halfway. Su Hao could only helplessly wait there. He had a look around the shop. There were numerous kinds of medicine displayed here until he saw a sign board which caught his attention.

The name on top of the sign board – Zhang Zhongtian!

He is the one?!

Su Hao reorganized his mind. That master class pharmacist, Zhang Zhongtian?

Zhang Zhongtian was once the vice president of the pharmacist association. Su Hao saw his name before in a textbook. Whenever there is any topic regarding medicine, his name would appeared a in a lot of places.

What made him more famous was the emergence of berserk medicine! That was why Zhang Zhongtian had another nickname, berserk master!

Berserk medicine, a type of medicine which could increase the consumer’s strength and ability by a huge margin. However, at the same time, the side effect after the consumption was also very severe.

The emergence of berserk medicine received a huge support from the consumers. Thus, this made pharmacist association get a huge sum of profit.

However, since then, Zhang Zhongtian had went astray from his path. Almost every drug of his, were very strong in both benefit and side effect. Countless people had died from consuming his medicine. That was the reason why berserk medicine was classified as a banned drug now.

Later, after a meeting by the committee of the pharmacist association, Zhang Zhongtian was removed from the board. Never could anyone imagine he would open a small shop at Jianghe city.

“So that berserk medicine was his doing then?” Su Hao said secretly in his heart. He used the recovery medicine from the task reward and the benefit was at least twice the amount compared to normal beginner recovery medicine. Of course, it was then accompanied by a severe side effect which he needed to rest for a full three days to recover from!

After waiting for a moment, Zhang Zhongtian finally completed his work and walked out.

“This is the injured young man? On the left side, there are a row of physical rehabilitation medicines. After consuming it, your body will recover well.” Zhang Zhongtian with his muddy eyes glanced at Su Hao and casually said before taking out some more ingredients to continue his research.

Su Hao blushed, feeling ashamed and quickly stopped him, “Dashi, do you still need more star grass?”

“Star grass?” Zhang Zhongtian frowned and continued impatiently, “So far, nope. When I require it later, I will post a request.”

With some nervousness, Su Hao quickly said, “Dashi, last time for the task to collect star grass, you had to wait for several days yet nobody accomplished the task. Luckily, I managed to complete it. If you request for such task again, I can’t imagine how long you would have to wait for it. The nearby star grass has all been collected by me. I think there is no longer any star grass growing now. Why not take this opportunity to buy them in bulk from me? This way it would be more convenient for you when you need it.”

Zhang Zhongtian pondered for a moment and suddenly awoke from his enthusiasm in research. With his small eyes, he looked at Su Hao, “So, are you not here to claim your compensation?”

“Of course.”

Su Hao smiled, “The medicine you gave me was many times more effective than those at the market, although the side effect was quite severe. Why would you need to compensate?”

“En.”

Zhang Zhongtian nodded with satisfaction on his face. He always believed that his medicine is much better than those medicines which abided the law set by the pharmacist association. Su Hao’s fake praise definitely hit the soft spot in his heart.

“How many star grass do you have right now?”

“There are still 36!” Su Hao replied.

“This is too much. I could not use them all up.” Zhang Zhongtian frowned, three hundred and six thousand dollars was enough for him to get himself an important material for berserk medicine.

Su Soa laughed. “Dashi, you don’t have to give me star dollars. I just need recovery medicine.”

“Oh?” Zhang Zhongtian was definitely tempted. “Okay, I agree! The row there is full of beginner recovery medicines. Just take any that you like. After you bring the star grass here, just put them at the top of the table over there.”

After finishing his word, Zhang Zhongtian went back to take care of his experiments.

Su Hao was surprised. This old man.....was he really not afraid of me taking the medicine without reserve? But Su Hao did not dare to simply take any random medicine there.

Although Zhang Zhongtian had immersed himself deeply in this field for so many years, despite his obsession in pharmaceuticals, if you consider him as some retard, then you are very wrong!

Su Hao quickly went back home. After he brought over the 36 star grasses, Su Hao took 36 bottles of recovery medicine before leaving the store.

When he was approaching the door, he happened to encounter a young man who rushed in hastily with countless herbs in his hands. Noticing Su Hao, he apparently considered him as a customer visiting the store to buy medicine.

“Welcome. Do visit us again!”

Then, the young man quickly walked inside. “Teacher, the herbs that you wanted, I have brought them!”

Su Hao helplessly smiled. These two teacher and student, their attitudes were very alike, always in a rush and very impatient.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0010 Police fighting technique
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

GMC 0010 Police fighting technique

When he reached home, Su Hao admired the 36 bottles of recovery medicine; both of his eyes were shining in happiness. However, he was reluctant to use them.

After mastering the beginner origin ability cultivation, his origin ability finally reached a value of 6! His origin ability energy capacity and the recovery speed had also improved. Thus, it was still not that urgent to consume these beginner recovery medicines.

“To use or not to use?” (Kai: That is the question)

Su Hao hesitated for a moment before finally deciding to keep them safe and sound for the time being.

The side effects of these medicine were too strong! It would need three days of his time to recover while being unable to do anything. Although this would allow him to train advanced cultivation, it was still not enough to completely master it.

To master advanced origin ability cultivation would reward him with 200 points. This included the points he earned from beginner cultivation. In other words, his origin ability would rise to a value of 7.

But ......can I enter the natural selection class with an origin ability of 7?

“With this medicine in my hands, I am confident of a breakthrough into the advanced origin ability cultivation. But this should be a last resort to raise my ability value.” Su Hao analyzed, “As it stands, the most ideal method to improve my ability value is to keep improving my fighting techniques.”

Since he had completed the advanced fighting techniques, this meant that he had completely mastered all the combat method courses in the high school.

Since he had completed the courses from the high school, why not start learning the university curriculum?

According to the information that he learnt at school, the fighting course taught at ordinary universities is still the basic fighting techniques. However, the focus of a main university would be police fighting techniques.

Su Hao’s eyes suddenly shined, “Police fighting techniques!”

The minimum requirement to learn police fighting techniques was to be able to fuse beginner, intermediate and advanced basic fighting techniques and apply them during combat. The same point system applied to it too. 50 points for beginner, 70 points for intermediate and 100 points for advanced level. The most important aspect was that these point were extras added on top of basic fighting technique points.

“Good! My next aim is this then, police combat techniques!”

The next day, early in the morning, Su Hao reached his school. Without stopping at any unnecessary places, he headed straight towards his classroom.

Since police fighting techniques was the focus of a main university’s syllabus, then.... The school’s combat tutors had definitely learned it. Otherwise, how could they have graduated from a main university?

Thus, the current purpose of Su Hao was none other than to establish a police fighting technique card!

Since today was the weekend, there were no theory lessons but for high school students, there was no rest for them! Only struggle!

When Su Hao reached the classroom, only a dozen students were inside. Every single one of them were sweating like rain in the monsoon season due to rigorously practising basic fighting techniques.

At the moment, a burly combat tutor, Liu Zhenlong was next to the students; giving them guidance. He was strict and did not become soft hearted at all due to them being his students.

Su Hao had a quick look at the students. Without even a need to guess, they were the hope of the class to enter university. The lowest origin ability among them is 6 points! In the past, his origin ability only a mere 3.8, naturally he did not have the qualification to join the class.

“Su Hao? You come here for what?” Liu Zhenlong frowned as he saw Su Hao entering the class. (T/N: Such tutor looking down at their students...shaking head right now)

As for the students who lacked talent, he did not have a good impression of them. If he included Su Hao’s attitude, family background and strength, there was really nothing worthy to be found. Plus, the recent scandal which was spreading like wildfire made him feel even more disgusted at Su Hao. An originally good student, rather than working harder instead messed around.

Being poor is not shameful but not progressing from poverty, that is just something he looked down upon!

“Hello, teacher! I am here to learn fighting techniques.” Su Hao said.

“Oh?” Liu Zhenlong thought of the recent scandal and asked, “I heard you won the sparring with Chen Yifeng, is this true?”

Su Hao nodded. “We are just exchanging some pointers in fighting techniques.”

“Very good!” Liu Zhenlong’s eyes opened wide. “Let me see the progress of your strength!”

Su Hao was dumbstruck. What was this situation he was in? F*ck! How could a teacher come and challenge a student!

Without even waiting for him to react, Liu Zhenlong started attacking him. Su Hao could only bitterly smile and began to fight back. The fluidity of his basic fighting techniques was shown again, intercepting Liu Zhenlong’s attack.

The more moves they exchanged, the faster the speed and soon, they had executed dozens of techniques.

The students around them stopped practising to watch the heated battle. They started to believe the rumour. This Su Hao was indeed fierce. Even when facing the teacher, he was not inferior at all.

Peng!

Peng!

At that moment, when the two fists intersected, Liu Zhenlong stopped his offense. “Very good. You really do have this capability. Not bad, not bad! Although your origin ability is weak so that you have had to start at a lower point, you do indeed have the advantage at executing fighting techniques. This made you much stronger than most students here!”

“Many thanks for teacher’s guidance.” Su Hao said respectfully.

“Since you had already made progress, why stop?” With a positive look from Liu Zhenlong, he continued, “You have already mastered the whole fighting technique syllabus of high school. Time to learn new stuff. Watch carefully!”

“Hong!”

Liu Zhenlong suddenly changed his stance. His fighting technique naturally changed too. With each firm fist fired at Su Hao, it was very tricky!

The eyes of Su Hao shined, “Police fighting techniques!”

Basic fighting techniques were used widely in a lot of areas by everyone. Basic fighting techniques were derived from many different martial arts, in order to make them have less weaknesses and were easier to learn and execute by the masses. That was why the techniques themselves somehow looked ordinary. However, police fighting techniques were something which the police department had kept on improving before end up with this style. Each strike was targeted at the vital parts of the foe.

“Weng....”

His brain started to flick; surprisingly his model analysis ability began to activate by itself!

“......ability analysis.....analysis completed........beginner police fighting techniques......establishment of card....”

A wonderful feeling began filling up Su Hao’s heart. Watching Liu Zhenlong who showed the moves in front of him, Su Hao subconsciously followed the moves together with the instructor. One strike, two strikes, three strikes....

From not being proficient till skilled, from skilled to perfect mastery, Su Hao was once again entering the zone of practising.

Liu Zhenlong’s whole body was sweating after he finished showing all the stances. Liu Zhenlong then took a deep breath to cool down his body. For ordinary students, he just needed to teach beginner basic fighting techniques. Only some students would occasionally require him to display intermediate basic fighting techniques. As for police fighting techniques, he had not used them since graduation.

“How was it, can you show some.....huh?” Liu Zhenlong turned his head to face Su Hao to say some encouraging words. To his surprise, all he saw was Su Hao fully immersed in comprehending the moves he showed a moment ago.

As he saw each stance being demonstrated by Su Hao, he was shocked. This was indeed police fighting techniques!

Liu Zhenlong was shocked on the spot. The students next to them were also dumbfounded by the scene in front of them. What the f*ck! To learn beginner basic fighting techniques, they would need at least several months to master it. How did Su Hao learn the moves by just looking at them once?

“These move sets, are indeed what I have shown just now.”

Liu Zhenlong’s heart was thumping loudly. This kid had such a monstrous talent! Although mastering basic fighting techniques would ease the comprehension of police fighting techniques, it was definitely not to such a degree! (Kai: ezpz)

Peng!

After finishing the last move, Su Hao suddenly regained clarity.

“Teacher.” Su Hao said with some embarrassment.

Liu Zhenlong patted his shoulder, “You bastard, so good in hiding your skills so deeply. You had made me consider you as a student with no hope.”

Su Hao smiled bitterly.

Liu Zhenlong continued to comment, “Your fighting talent is strong but with a weak origin ability. At early stages, combat would be the dominant field, but when your origin ability reaches 10 or above, you can only use combat techniques as a support. With only pure combat skills, you will stay weak.”

“I know.” Su Hao nodded and did not feel discouraged by the comment. “It is still far for the current me. My aim is none other than to enrol myself in Zhanzheng college!”

“As for the other problems, when I enter Zhanzeng college, I believe I would be able to find a way to solve them by then.” Su Hao answered firmly.

Liu Zhenlong was speechless for a moment and then laughed. “Good ambition! Although this seems to be a difficult task, I eagerly look forward to that day!”

After finishing his words, Liu Zhenlong clapped his hands while facing the crowd. “Alright, all students, our class ends now!”

After they were dismissed, the students left the classroom. It was just that when they passed Su Hao, they could not help but be shocked at the scene they had just seen. Only Su Hao remained in the class as he was still immersing himself in those wonderful feelings.

What he was immersed in was not police fighting techniques but his own origin ability.

This time, Liu Zhenlong volunteered to display the moves of police fighting techniques. The energy which Su Hao consumed when activating the analysis was only one third of his full capacity. This indeed saved a huge amount of his origin ability energy!

In other words, if he was able to receive a demonstration of an ability, rather than an acquisition via model analysis, it would save him a lot of time, energy and effort!

“Model analysis....so far I can only establish a living model and skill cards....” A high expectation could be seen from Su Hao’s gaze. He still did not understand much about the changes to his ability.

But he believed that one day, his origin ability will bring him to a higher realm; disregarding the heavens!

(Kai: ......analysis.....analysis completed........overcoming the bounds of heaven......establishment of card...)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0011 Overdrafting to the extreme
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0011 Overdrafting to the extreme

Since he had just started to familiarise with beginner police fighting techniques, Su Hao began to train diligently.

Whether it be at school, parks, at home, the figure of Su Hao could be seen practicing crazily. With just three days of hard core training, he was able to integrate everything in his mind.

Since his family’s economic condition was not great, each martial art knowledge for him was very much appreciated and precious. Thus, once he learned something, he would make sure that he did not just have a basic understanding but to achieve perfect mastery. This was to make sure the skill he learnt would not be wasted.

Thinking of his own sister whom origin ability achieved more than 8 points but only has 4 skill cards, really made Su Hao feel sad. Just wait for him to reach the soaring sky; he would ensure his sister would not be so tight in spending and never let his family have any difficulties anymore.

Only by training diligently could he improve and earn money!

He would also enroll in the best university!

Su Hao had never thought that these two matters conflicted each other. Since he was now in such a situation, he needed to achieve both of these aims at the same time!

He had finally fully grasped beginner police fighting techniques. That evening, Su Hao went back home and had a look at his origin ability capacity. In just a short duration of half a month, his progress could be said to have increased by leaps and bounds.

Theoretical foundation, 180 points. For now, it was maintained as it is.

Combat methods, 150 points. This included basic fighting techniques – 100 points and beginner police fighting techniques – 50 points.

Ability index, 200 points. 100 points for his ability talent and another 100 from beginner cultivation.

Physical fitness, 150 points!

His origin ability had finally reached 6.8!

Compared to his original 3.8 points, he had increased a full 3 points!

Su Hao vaguely remembered that his physical fitness was originally only 120 points. Never did he expect that his struggles through this period, mastering advanced basic fighting technique, beginner police fighting technique and also the side effect from the berserk drug which needed 3 days for full recovery had eventually enhance his physical fitness by a full 30 points.

“At this rate, in another 20 days which is when the mock exam occurs, there should be a place for me.”

After Su Hao calmed down from his excitement, he lied down on his bed and slept.

Early next morning, when Su Hao woke up, he felt a burst of pain all over his body.

“What happened?”

Su Hao was shocked as he studied his body’s condition. His whole body was aching. His could not even curl his fingers into a fist, his also felt a strange sense of powerless.

“Did I not rest enough?” Su Hao pondered for a moment. He did not dare to continue lying down on his bed and quickly stood up to go for a walk at a nearby park.

The park during early mornings was as always filled with fresh air.

Su Hao was used to coming to this usual spot of his. With the trees waving, surrounded with bushes, beds of soft grass, accompanied with a clear lake; this was definitely a nice scenery to be enjoyed.

However, Su Hao unexpectedly felt an odd feeling in his heart when he realised something was missing. Chen Yiran was not there.

I have not seen her for days. I wonder how she is faring?

Su Hao shook his head hard; trying to get rid of these distracting thoughts. He then took a position in front of a tree before blasting a punch at it. (T/N: Tough life as a tree.)

“Huo!”

“He...!”

Su Hao took a deep breath. He felt a sharp pain in his right fist. When he looked at his hand, blood stains could be seen!

He had no strength at all!

To withstand the pain felt by his body, Su Hao decided to sit at a seat nearby. He currently was filled with feelings of loss, “What exactly happened? Is it really because I am too tired?”

Su Hao was lost in confusion.

He had improved too fast!

In just half a month, he had increased his origin ability by 3 points. For others, doing so would require them at least a year. Some even need two to three years to achieve that feat. It might also be because of his lack of knowledge in proper training methods which is why he was now clueless about the current condition of his body.

“Maybe I was really too exhausted.”

Su Hao did not give up hope. “Let me lay down for a while. Maybe after I wake up, I will be able to recover.”

Su Hao lied down on the bench and gradually fell into the world of dreams.

In the middle of his dream, when his mind was still half conscious...

He was somehow able to hear Chen Yiran’s voice, sweet and clear which then brought a bitter smile on his face. “This is weird.......even when I am dreaming, I can hear her voice. Have really fallen in love with her?”

Once he finished his sentence, Chen Yiran’s voice instantly disappeared, followed by a sharp pain in Su Hao’s ear. This woke him up in a breath.

Opening his eyes, Su Hao saw a young girl dressed in white, with a smooth silky cheeks and some hints of a blush on her face, Chen Yiran who was pulling his ear. This act of her really pulled him up from the bench. “Su Hao, you bastard! What nonsense did you say just now?” (t/n: Tsundere to the max!)

Su Hao bitterly smiled. Since he was currently weak, he could only be helplessly pulled up by her.

When pulling Su Hao to the front of her, Chen Yiran fiercely poked his forehead and said in a bad mood. “You, since when have you started to smooth talk? Did that useless brother of mine say anything to you?”

Su Hao was about to say something but his body again felt the soreness throughout the body. With a sudden burst of weakness, his whole person slowly felt on Chen Yiran’s figure.

“Ya...!”

“Putong!”

Chen Yiran was directly thrown to the ground from the sudden weight of Su Hao’s fall. His heavy body was directly on top of her own body. What made Chen Yiran embarassed was that pervert’s head was now resting on her twin peaks.

From being just friends for two years, their relationship had suddenly started to escalate. She was somehow a bit overwhelmed by the progress. Never did she think that she would just go outside and hear Su Hao drowsily confess his feelings and now she was being pressed down by him.

“Su Hao, you bastard! Stand up!” A blush could be seen on her face. Chen Yiran was no longer able to keep calm, “We have not reached that step of our relationship yet. If you really like me, I will consider then.”

Su Hao did not have any responses. He seemed to be enjoying the fragrance of Chen Yiran’s body.

“Su hao, what are you doing? If you still do not stand up, I will really get mad at you!” Although Chen Yiran’s face was full of redness, her gaze started to turn cold. Her right fist which was pressed down by his body was gripped tightly; at any moment the force of her fist could explode.

With her origin ability of 9, once she made her move, Su Hao definitely will not escape unscathed.

Noticing that Su Hao still did not react, Chen Yiran frowned. She gently pushed Su Hao’s body away and was shocked to see his whole body was pushed away just like that.

Chen Yiran looked at Su Hao and finally noticed that he had fainted.

“What happened?”

Chen Yiran was startled. Looking at Su Hao’s pale face, she then touched his face with her small hand. The moment their skin was in contact, she felt coldness.

After moving Su Hao back to the bench for him to lay down, Chen Yiran checked his conditions and pulse for a moment. She then finally understood his current situation. With a complex facial expression, she said, “This is the side effect of overdrafting oneself.....Su Hao you really.....”

She realized that she had misunderstood the situation just now and since Su Hao had fainted, this somehow restored her good impression on their relationship. She shook her head and took out a medicine from her pocket. After opening the bottle, she started to feed the medicine to Su Hao.

Sitting on the bench, Chen Yiran held up Su Hao’s head and placed it on her lap; massaging his temples.

Just like that, both of them got closer to each other. This scene was indeed beautiful.

After a long time, Su Hao finally woke up from his drowsiness. He felt that he was being touched by some soft fingers. When he opened his eyes, it turned out to be Chen Yiran, gently massaging his temple.

He was actually lying on Chen Yiran’s thigh?!

Su Hao was shocked and he wanted to get up. However, he was immediately stopped by Chen Yiran’s faint voice, “Don’t move!”

Su Hao abruptly stopped his motion.

“You have overdrafted your body. Your power consumption is too much. Wait for the medicine to fully take effect, only then can you get up.” Chen Yiran said with her soft voice.

Su Hao then quickly understood the whole situation. Besides his own brain which still had a faint pain, his body had completely recovered. There was this warm feeling spreading all over his body. This must be the effect from the medicine which Chen Yiran gave.

“Many thanks.” Su Hao gratefully said.

“No.” Chen Yiran shook her head. “You are just too desperate recently. I did not see you for a few days and yet now, your body passed the limit of overdraft. Even if you want to improve, you do not have to be that harsh to yourself.”

Su Hao was silence. “The mock exam is only 20 days away.”

Chen Yiran’s hand motion paused for a moment. “You want to enter the natural selection class?”

“En.” Su Hao continued, “Only by entering natural selection class, I will have the opportunity to enrol in Zhanzheng college.”

Chen Yiran nodded. She did not laugh at Su Hao’s arrogance nor ridicule his dream. She only helped him get up and pretended that all her current actions were something normal. “You can practice but it must be the right method. Your current method is not the best, it has too much energy consumption. By the time the mock exam arrives, your body would have already become wasted.”

“En.”

Su Hao stood up, his power had finally been restored, full and vigorous. It was even stronger than before!

“It seems that I owe you a favor.”

Su Hao started to move a bit with his body. However, he could still felt some pain in his ear. He felt weird by it, “Strange, why my ear still feels a little pain? Did it not recover completely yet?”

Chen Yiran’s indifferent expression instantly disappeared, with an angry tone she said, “You want to return me a favor? You can do so now.”

“Okay!”

Su Hao nodded.

“Just stand and do not move.” Chen Yiran said while grinning. She then made her move without any sign and did a shoulder throw.

Peng!

Su Hao’s whole figure was thrown hard onto the ground by Chen Yiran. He was mercilessly thrown; a cloud of dust exploded.

“Hmmm, trying to take advantage of me.”

Chen Yiran secretly said that in her heart. After clapping her hand, she then quickly sped off.

Obviously, she considered that was just an accident from the words of Su Hao just now. However, she did not know that Su Hao was actually sober for a few seconds when she pulled his ear.

Lying on the ground, Su Hao looked up at the blue sky. Traces of a smile could be seen. “Chen Yiran, I really like you.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0012 Self-harming medicine
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

GMC 0012 Self-harming medicine

The so-called overdrafting to the limit, is the side effect displayed by the body when someone consumes more energy than is readily available; and the body forcefully extracts the emergency reserve usually dormant in the body. This is also what causes the phenomena of gaining more strength under life and death conditions. Su Hao knew about this occurrence but he did not expect his condition to be like this.

After pondering for a moment, he finally understood – the police fighting techniques!

These days, he had increased his physical fitness by practising fighting techniques. With police fighting techniques, he had enhanced his combat method for another 150 points. This only barely met the minimum requirement to be able to display police fighting technique without self harm.

Although was indeed able to use the fighting techniques, the burden on his body was too much!

If not because of Chen Yiran, this time, he might even need a very long duration to recover to his peak condition.

“At first, I thought I will rush through beginner, intermediate and advanced techniques at once.” Su Hao thought for a moment. “Seems that the conditions have now changed. I should concentrate on my physical fitness first.”

Su Hao’s physical fitness was not weak, however, it couldn’t keep up with the strain from fighting techniques.

Let just go back home first and do a bit of research online.

Science development had progressed at such high pace. Body enhancing drugs were everywhere, however, the price was really too much. Some even reached a staggering price tag of several millions which made Su Hao speechless. Even if he sold himself, he could never afford them. Of course, this was from Su Hao’s perspective who was rather poor, their abundance compared to demand meant that companies were selling at relatively small profit margins, covering the cost of materials and production.

Unfortunately, the cheapest among them required 1 million star dollars!

Su Hao could only bitterly smiled as he looked at them. He then thought for a moment. Beginner restoration medicine already costs 10 thousand. These permanent enhancing drugs were too expensive!

However, Su Hao did not decide to give up his dream. He could only slowly practice, with little progress day by day.

Besides the regular online store, there were of course black markets. There, some weird and strange drugs were being sold. Perhaps some of them would meet his requirement.

Su Hao then set the medicine arranged according to lowest price first. One by one, he scanned through the description and suddenly, he frowned.

The so-called cheap products were trash. The side effect from consuming them were too extreme and some might even lead to blindness or other disabilities. Su Hao was not satisfied and continued scrolled down. These had passed the one million range.

“These doping drugs with side effects are even more expensive than ordinary medicines?”

Su Hao was curious and clicked on one of the most hot selling products.

(T/N: This creator definitely loves S&M) {E/N: A masochist? Quite possible)

Su Hao was shocked. This side effect was simply a self harming drug!

If you use this drug the same way you would use a normal strengthening drug, it will only give you half the effects. However, if you are injured while under the effects of the drug, the improvement you get will be enhanced. Taking this drug, isn’t it just to harm own self?

The higher the degree of pain you can withstand, the higher the increase in your physical fitness!

The most absolute nonsense was the price of this drug reached such a high price, 3 million. This was more expensive than ordinary drugs by 3 times!

Su Hao bitterly smiled. When he was ready to exit the page, he saw the name of the drug creator and was startled. “Creator of this drug: Berserk master”

Berserk master Zhang Zhongtian?

Su Hao’s eyes suddenly shined. That place last time when he exchanged the star grass?

If he wanted to buy from the usual channels he would obviously not able to afford it. However, if through accomplishing certain tasks......as far as his understanding on the character of Zhang Zhongtian, this pharmacist is definitely annoyed with any complicated and troublesome matters. Usually, he would just use his own produced drugs as task reward.

Thinking of this, Su Hao immediately rushed to origin ability firm.

Once he reached the lobby and saw the self-help platform, the screens were as usual, busy as ever. Since he had completed the task from there once, he could just directly log in with his fingerprint and poof~, all his personal information appears.

Su Hao directly opened the menu for the previous task giver. He wanted to look at every task available. The next second, a series of task information popped out on the screen. There were too many, hundreds of listed tasks and more kept appearing, to the point where his hair started to stand.

“This master, the herbs that he could not buy in the market, he would definitely make a request here.” Su Hao knew that to create those banned drugs, all sort of strange materials would be needed.

“Quest for beginner body strengthening drug.”

“Di–”

The screen instantly popped up a window, “There is no such task as of now.”

“No?”

Su Hao curiously opened one of the advanced task and found out that the reward for the task has all become star dollars!

“This can’t be true.......”

Su Hao wrinkled his eyebrows. This is not like the style of Master Zhang.

Su Hao did not know that this was actually all his fault. After that one complaint last time, the origin ability firm had requested a very strict inspection on the task reward. Master Zhang would never have time to spend on the inspection. He would rather drop the drugs off at the black market. After selling them, he would then put up the task with star dollars as the reward.

“If this is the case, I need to think of an idea.”

“Check for the urgent task!”

Shua~, the screen flashed. More than half of the task list disappeared.

“Continue searching for the task which has been put up the longest.”

Shua, the screen flashed again. Only one task was left above the screen.

(E/N: Shouldn’t it be sorted as a list, longest to most recent? >..<)

Collect 30 teeth roots of berserk jackal, task reward, five hundred thousand.

500 thousand star dollar was definitely a huge number. But this task, after one whole month appearing on the task list, nobody had fulfil the mission!

The reason was very simple. This so-called berserk red jackal was a type of mutated red jackal. People also said wolf and jackal. This was because they were both brutal and cruel, such similarities then made man to put them two together.

Jackal, is definitely not a wolf. However, it is even more vicious than a wolf.

To battle against a berserk red jackal, you would need a minimum of origin ability value 7. The most critical point here is jackals always stay in a group, as few as 7 to 8 or at worst, in dozens. They would usually hunt for food at the abandoned suburban region.

30 teeth root was actually not much. However, if only one tooth root is needed from each jackal, then this would be a huge problem!

What was Master Zhang planning to do? He only wanted one from each berserk red jackal. In other words, he wanted 30 teeth root from different berserk red jackals!

This would only meant he would need to face a group of berserk red jackals!

Only those with origin ability with 9 points would have such capability! As for those who had reached 9 points, would they even care this mere 500 thousand? Moreover, what if they accidentally met other stronger berserk beasts? After all, this is not a zero possibility.

“30 teeth root of berserk red jackal....”

Su Hao directly accepted this task. This task’s difficulty was very high but he was left with no choice. If he wanted to enhance his physical fitness, this was the only way out.

After accepting the task, Su Hao bought a map of the beast distribution around Jianghe city.

This map indicated a very clear information on which beast would usually appear at which locations.

Since the appearance of origin ability in the world, the berserk beast were becoming more clever too. Each species would have their own domain. Occasionally, they would roam outside of their territory but most of the time, they would just stay at their own domain.

As for why the berserk red jackal occupied the outskirts of Jianghe city, Su Hao made a guess that they must had been driven out by other powerful berserk beasts and finally fled all the way here.

After deciding on a reasonable route, Su Hao then rushed to the direction of berserk red jackal nest. Once again, he was out of the city. This time, he was much more calmer.

Most of the time, along the way, he would only encounter those berserk beasts below 5 points. Those who dared to give him trouble, he would instantly kill them with a move.

(E/N: Shouldn’t there be a book ‘Useful things from beasts’ that he can study, then collect things from the stuff he kills? For such a broke dude, he is missing easy money.. He could even complete other beginner tasks if he has the mats)

Soon, Su Hao reached the region of berserk red jackals and began to proceed cautiously.

His origin ability had reached 6.8. However, he believed that since he had mastered fighting techniques to such high level, getting rid of one red jackal should not be anything hard.

Carefully, he approached the abandoned houses and trees. Su Hao finally saw the appearance of a berserk red jackal.

It was somehow similar with ordinary dog with sharper claws and teeth. Because of the mutation, the whole body was in bright red, two eyes glowing in a red color as well. The aura it displayed was full of ferocity with two extremely long fangs protruding out.

Seven to eight red jackals were hanging out together. Su Hao immediately hid himself. He could only wait for the next target.

After consecutively hiding himself from four to five packs of jackals, Su Hao finally understood why nobody completed the mission after so long. He kept watching his prey for more than an hour yet not even one red jackal was seen alone.

“What the f*ck! How am I gonna complete this then?”

Su Hao cursed in his heart. Out of nowhere, he heard a very loud bang. Su Hao was shocked and turned his head to the right to look at the source of the sound. He saw at a distant away, a fire blaze was rampaging. The red jackals howled and began to disperse in a very messy order.

Numerous berserk red jackals heard the howl and quickly reacted by rushing there.

Sou!

Sou!

One by one, the red jackals rushed towards the direction of the flame.

Su Hao who was ready to go there and have a look too began to change his mind. He locked down his target at one of those red jackals who were slowest in reaction. Licking his dry lips, pounced like a tiger towards his target.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0013 Encountering a Zanzheng college student
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0013 Encountering a Zanzheng college student

Momentum as strong as a ferocious tiger, swift like a storm!

Peng!

The berserk red jackal was sent flying by Su Hao, both tumbled on the ground attached to each other; rolling several times. (T/N: So sweet and romantic....)

Su Hao immediately supported himself up and pinned the body of the jackal. A few heavy punches were directed accurately on its head.

The berserk red jackal’s limbs claws continued scratching against the ground leaving deep claw marks sending dust everywhere. Su Hao clenched his teeth and applied a heavier pressure on its body. More devastating punches came from him.

This was his very first battle against a berserk beast!

During his fight he noticed that the fighting techniques he learnt were not as powerful as he had imagined. Rather than relying on those fancy skills, why not rely on his pair of iron fists!

To deal with this berserk beast’s sharp claws, he could only use the most primitive and violent way to resolve this fight as soon as possible.

Peng!

Peng!

Both of Su Hao’s eyes were red. Not even a trace of relaxation could be seen in his action, until the jackal no longer show any sign of movement, he then gradually stood up, what was left on the ground was the carcass of the jackal.

After standing up, Su Hao took a deep breath. All these days he had accumulated a certain pride in his fighting techniques which had completely disappeared without any traces left.

Just killing a berserk red jackal was already such a difficult task; what is there to be proud of?

Although he despised the character of Sun Yaotian, Su Hao had to admit that if Sun Yaotian was in his shoes now, he would be able to get a kill in a move.

Not just from his origin ability value of 8, but from his more combat suitable A rank ability – iron element control. If he was able to smoothly reach the later stages, the peak stage, he would be like one of the character in ‘X-men’, the abnormally powerful magnetic king.

“I must not relax! The road which I am taking is still long!”

Su Hao refocused his drifting mind. After catching his breath, he looked around for any movement. When he was madly slaughtering the red jackal, he did not pay any attention. Now, looking at the ground, he noticed the deep claw marks. Cold sweat appeared on Su Hao’s face. If the claws had scratched his body.....

“Such sharp claws!” Su Hao exclaimed.

Although the red jackal’s skin was not thick, the attack power was extremely threatening. Facing one was still manageable as you could escape; provided your speed is a bit faster. However, if it was two or three red jackals...

Su Hao forcefully pulled out the two fangs from the red jackal. He kept one of them while the other one was gripped in his hand. This toy in his hand was just like any other sharp dagger giving him better penetration force.

After finishing his business, Su Hao then rushed back to the previous hiding spot.

What had exactly happened that even the red jackals were unafraid to rush towards the blaze?

Soon, Su Hao climbed on top of an abandoned house’s roof and looked towards the direction of the blaze. The next scene immediately surprised him.

In the middle of an open area, an enormous number of berserk red jackals were exchanging howls and had surrounded the blaze. An extremely monstrous berserk red jackal, about three meters tall, was in the blaze; rolling around while howling in pain.

The berserk red jackal king!

It turned out to be a leader-level figure!

No wonder all the red jackals rushed over there. Since their chief had summoned them, they had to go!

What was even more frightening was that opposite the berserk red jackal king was a young man wearing Zhanzeng college uniform. He just stood at his spot casually with his whole body covered in flame. It was as if a fire god had descended to the world.

“Unexpectedly still haven’t died?”

The young man sneered. With his right hand held out, a huge fireball as huge as a meteorite dropped from the sky; dyeing the sky red.

“Hong!”

Once the fireball landed, a gigantic hole appeared on the ground. The struggling berserk red jackal king was swallowed by the flames, leaving only numerous teeth in the middle of the blaze.

The young man kept the teeth. When he suddenly turned his head, he noticed the presence of Su Hao.

Shua!

Both men were gazing at each other. Su Hao could clearly see the cold and disdainful look from the young man.

Noticing that it was actually a student, the young man unexpectedly nodded his head to Su Hao as a greeting and then left the scene swiftly. The enormous number of red jackals did not dare follow him as the scene of their chief being one hit killed was still fresh in their minds. They were too scared and started to flee.

Su Hao sat on the roof, licking his dry lips.

This is the strength of a Zhanzheng college student? It is even stronger than any high school teacher!

That terrifying flame, is that his origin ability? This kind of attack, no matter what type of fighting technique you learn, they are just crap! With such huge difference in strength, you only only helplessly be defeated in an instant!

“One day.......I will obtain this type of strength too!” Su Hao clenched his fists hard. Instead of losing any motivation, he was now even more excited.

Looking back at the berserk red jackals who were fleeing in a very messy way, Su Hao’s gaze turned into a fanatical one.

Kill!

With the fang in his hand, Su Hao rushed forward. The emergence of that young man here had definitely brought him such good luck. The berserk red jackals had finally began to move alone. If he did not make any move now, then when?

With the fang in his hand which had turned into a murdering weapon, Su Hao became very excited.

Surprise attack! Bombardment of fists! Sideway evade! With the fang directly stabbing down on the throat in a straight line, only a few seconds were needed to kill one. Then, the usual process of fang extraction began before he left the scene again.

Hiding in the dark. Su Hao was as calm as a predator amidst helpless prey.

Whenever he saw a lone berserk red jackal he would make his move. With the moves from basic fighting techniques, the red jackal were hit to the ground and then killed instantly when the sharp fang penetrated!

The emergence of the young man had definitely disrupted the order of the berserk red jackals. In a situation without a chief to lead them, it was total chaos for them. There were too many berserk red jackals by themselves. This had made Su Hao’s task extremely smooth and easy.

When the sky had turned dark, Su Hao returned to the city. Behind his back was a huge bag full of fangs!

30 fangs!

A day’s harvest; he was only able to kill exactly 15 berserk red jackals. Su Hao extracted out the two sharpest fangs from the each jackal. Unfortunately, Zhang Zhongtian had specifically requested for only one tooth from each jackal. Thus, Su Hao’s task can only be considered as half done.

“Too bad.......at night the vision is not good. The berserk red jackals will return to their dens to rest. If I make a move there, I might encounter a pack of them instead. I can only go back to the city for now.”

With some regret, Su Hao went back home.

This opportunity was very rare! It was such a good encounter that a Zhanzheng college student made his move; if he was alone, he really did not know how to begin.

If he was like the last time acting alone, Su Hao might give up the task. But now, he had collected half of the task. If he was to give up, it would have been such a waste.

After having his dinner, Su Hao began to further study the habits of berserk red jackals in his bedroom. These beasts, were basically blood fanatics. They were very smart and utilize group fight tactics very well. If you want to lure one out from the group, it was almost an impossible task.

“Haiz, this time I had the help from that man. Tomorrow, their behaviour will surely revert back to the original state. Is there really no other choice for me except staring blankly at them?” Su Hao was somehow worried, “How good would it be if there was any method to lure one of them out. Model analysis....”

Su Hao began to ponder.

This afternoon, he had took the opportunity to analyse the berserk red jackal. The result was very obvious. This lowly beast did not have any special abilities except for relying on its sharp claws and fangs coupled with its rapid speed.

“Damn, why do you need to stay in a group when there is nothing happening?”

While trying to figure out the ability of berserk red jackal, Su Hao was driven mad. “If the usual method is bound to fail, then I will need to try the cheat method.”

Su Hao went to a materials store and sold ten fangs, obtained one hundred thousand star dollar. Then, he went to a pharmacy to buy lots of sleeping agent specifically to deal with the berserk beasts as well as a small hunting bow.

The development in the era of origin ability was a bit strange.

When this era arrived and berserk beasts began to appear, at the very early stage, firearms still had some effect but then later, berserk beasts began to become stronger. Pistols, machine guns and similar kinds of weapons gradually lost their role and then were officially declared ineffective. With the hot weapon era declining, the cold weapons era had reemerged!

Although they still managed to defeat berserk beasts in the end, time was no longer wasted on the development of firearms. Instead, the focus was all on individual strength. Because of such reasons, hot weapons began to gradually disappear.

With the weapons ready, Su Hao once again quietly reached the location of the berserk red jackal’s nest.

After he found a team of 7 red jackals, Su Hao used the hunting bow to aim of of them. With the mechanical aiming system, almost everyone can aim precisely without any problem.

“Xiu!”

Once the arrow left the bow, a berserk red jackal instantly crashed onto the ground.

“Settle!”

Su Hao’s eyes were bright. When he was about to become excited, his facial expression suddenly changed. What he saw was the remaining 6 red jackals turned to look at him with their red eyes. After some howling, they began to bolt in his direction.

“Run!”

Su Hao, without any hesitation, turned his back and ran!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0014 To kill!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0014 To kill!

After half an hour, though Su Hao finally managed to escape the pinch, he was in a sorry state. His clothes were in a mess as if he was a girl who had just been humiliated.

This hunting plan, officially failed!

He had tried this tactic several times and everytime there were no exceptions. Whenever a berserk red jackal had fallen by his shot, the rest of the group would charge madly at him.

It was enough to kill him several dozen times over.

Fortunately, Su Hao had remembered this terrain by heart. If not, if he were to run into dead ends, obstructions or in the territory of a strong beast, he really did not know how he would cope.

“Fuck, how much hatred do you have? Going such lengths for revenge. Each one of them was as if they had consumed aphrodisiac.”

Su Hao cursed and then had a very strange idea. Aphrodisiac?

No matter what kind of drug he used, there would never be a way to prevent oneself from being attacked by berserk red jackal. However, seems that you can use it in another way....

Su Hao’s eyes shined and finished today’s trip.

When he arrived back to the city, Su Hao sold the fangs in his possession. With the money he gained from the sale, he bought a lot of lime powder, accelerating agents, dyeing agent, temperature equipment and lots of pheromones. He took the whole night to study deeper about the characteristics of berserk red jackals. The following day, he visited the location of the berserk red jackal’s nest again.

After he found a small group of berserk red jackals, Su Hao hid himself within the trees nearby.

“Model analysis–activate!!!”

In his mind, the scene changed. A berserk red jackal’s mini-model appeared in the middle of his mind. After Su Hao remembered every detail carefully, Su Hao returned back to reality and readied himself to start his plan.

Shua!

Su Hao’s hand’s movement was extremely fast in executing all the procedures. Slowly forming the shape he wanted, Su Hao inserted the temperature equipment into it. Very soon, a berserk red jackal was created.

Yes, what Su Hao did right now was the essence of model analysis–constructing a model!

This is not like the usual model within his mind; constructing a virtual model according to the target data analysis but a real model! Fortunately, although Su Hao did not have much contact about this skill, he was able to get work started easily after comprehending the procedures for the whole night.

With his origin ability [Model Analysis], creating a model was definitely an easy task.

After finishing the base structure, Su Hao began the dyeing process. He did not have to pay too much attention on the details. As long as it looked like a real one, it should be fine. Soon, a lifelike berserk red jackal was born.

“Not bad.” Su Hao nodded with satisfaction. This time, he had considered a lot of factors. Even the temperature of a berserk red jackal was taken into account too. Thus, halfway through the process, he placed a tool which would allow him to control the temperature.

After completion, Su Hao used the accelerating agent so that this model can quickly condense and form the shape. Finally, on the outer surface, he covered it with pheromones.

A female’s pheromone, a kind of scent which would arouse and stimulate the berserk red jackal. After he sprinkled it on top of the model, he then placed it at an easily noticeable location.

“Hu—”

A breeze flew past. The wind mixed with the pheromones started to drift towards the closest group of berserk red jackals.

The group had only 7 berserk red jackals. Only three reacted to the smell. They looked at the berserk red jackal at a distance away as if they had seen a peerless beauty. They began to get excited and rushed to the direction of the model at a high speed.

Those three red jackals were getting faster and faster. Soon, they were closing in on the model.

Behind the model, there were some small trees. Su Hao was hidden among them. Taking out his small bow, he began to aim at the fastest red jackal and shot!

“Xiu!”

Once the arrow was fired, a berserk red jackal fluttered for a moment and then dropped to the ground.

The other two immediately halted their movements. Once they saw Su Hao, they began to recognize an unknown smell. Without further ado, they began to rush over madly.

Su Hao looked at the two red jackals with an icy gaze. Without any fear, he pulled out his bow, took aim, and shot!

“Xiu!”

A berserk red jackal had been hit by the arrow. Its whole body began to feel weak and dropped to the ground. The other one pounced with its mouth open wide, wanting to bite his throat.

Su Hao noticed that the threat was getting close to him and started to move forward and crouched at the last moment. Just like that, the red jackal leaped over his head. Taking this opportunity, Su Hao raised his small bow and shot at it.

“Xiu!”

An arrow shot out. The recoil coupled with his unstable footing pushed him to the ground. As for the final red jackal, it was weakly lying on the ground.

“Settled.”

Su Hao sighed. He excitedly stepped forward to slit their throats, confirming they were killed. After finishing them, he began to harvest the fangs.

Another breeze blew past. The heavy bloody odor began to spread. At the distant hillside, the remaining four berserk red jackals raised their heads. Their whole body began to show sign of alertness.

Su Hao began to feel a crisis. Those sensitive nose’s of the berserk red jackals can also smell this?

In this urgent situation, Su Hao immediately changed his plan. He jumped out from his hiding spot and stood at the right side of the model. Facing their direction, he began to shot the arrow.

“Siu!”

A berserk red jackal had been hit and crumpled down to the ground.

The remaining three began to howl. They instantly dashed forward. Su Hao, who was lacking any time to prepare, threw the model he created towards their direction.

“Hong!”

With the model with exact size as a real berserk red jackal was being thrown, the three rushing red jackals were caught and rolled over the ground together with the model. It was obvious they were startled by it and could not figure out what was happening.

“Xiu!”

It was another sharp arrow being fired. Yet another berserk red jackal dropped to the ground.

At this point, the model hit on a huge rock and kacha! It was broken into several pieces. The remaining two red jackals were furious and madly rushed towards Su Hao.

“Xiu!”

This time it was very close, only about 1.5 meters away from Su Hao, he shot an arrow and killed one of them. He quickly turned his body to face the remaining berserk red jackal who was rushing towards him.

The current him, who had hunted numerous berserk red jackals, he had a lot of experience facing a lone red jackal. Very easily, it was beheaded by Su Hao!

Without a group, it was never a threat to him at all.

After finishing the last berserk red jackal, Su Hao did not relax even for a bit. He quickly pulled out the fangs. Once the beheading and the fang extracting process was done, he immediately left the scene.

Just now, the berserk red jackal’s keen sense of smell nearly ruined his plan. He naturally would not repeat the same mistake again.

It was a sure thing that after departure of Su Hao, a group of berserk red jackal passed through the scene. After tracking the smell, they finally arrived at the scene of the fight. Noticing the bloody scene, they started howling in succession. The surprising part was that they began to track down the route taken by Su Hao when he left. While sniffing with their nose, they began to gradually catch up with Su Hao.

Humans had the wisdom of mankind. Berserk red jackal’s had their own wisdom too.

Su Hao, hearing the howls, was sure he made the right decision. If he did not leave the scene as fast as he could, he really did not dare imagine how was he going to survive.

Berserk red jackals are good in tracking. If not, how could Su Hao be chased by them for a few miles yesterday.

Thus, today, Su Hao would not give them even a slight chance. He directly headed back to the city. As for the berserk red jackals, even if you give them the courage of dragons, they would still not dare come close to the city gate of Jianghe city.

Once Su Hao stepped into the city, he was finally able to let out a sigh of relief.

Every time he stepped outside the city, his heart would be alarmed. Whenever he was returning to the city, the dense bloody odor surrounding him could attract any random berserk beast.

Once he reached home, Su Hao washed himself and started to count his harvest for the day.

Although the process seemed easy, Su Hao was very clear that each step carried a huge risk. If there was even a slight misstep, he could be killed instantly. With his current physical condition, if he was pincer attacked by two berserk red jackals, he would definitely die without a doubt!

However, through strategy, a group with a total of seven berserk red jackals was cleanly swept by Su Hao.

On the other hand, his profits were close to nothing! Berserk beast pheromones and the other materials he needed to build the model weren’t cheap. After using up the materials to build the model, in Su Hao’s possession, there were only 14 fangs left.

In order to buy the materials for the model, he had sold exactly 14 fangs. Besides keeping one for his self defense, he sold off the rest of them!

It could be said that Su Hao had spent on countless of stuff and wasted a few days of his time. Yet, the profit was still zero.

Regarding this, Su Hao could only smile bitterly, “No wonder nobody had managed to finish this task till now, this is really....”

Fortunately, he was not aiming for the reward.

“Before this I collected 15 fangs, adding up the 7 new fangs, there are still 8 fangs left.” Su Hao calculated silently in his heart and prepared to take a break.

With the first hunting experience gained, Su Hao was getting more skilled during the second time. There were no unnecessary actions. He saved up a lot of the consumption and went straight for the objective.

Eight more fangs. However, a team with eight berserk red jackals, Su Hao did not dare to go near them at all.

Yesterday, he was walking on top of a tight rope. If there was an additional berserk red jackal, he would definitely be overwhelmed.

While slowly and cautiously wandering in the woods, Su Hao would occasionally stick out his head and observe the abandoned outskirts hoping that there were a group of red jackals passing by.

After Su Hao finished building the model, he was hidden in the dark and only revealed a pair of bright eyes. Until he found a team of seven berserk red jackals, Su Hao would lie in wait.

It was almost the same process as yesterday. But with yesterday’s practice, he had an easier time slaughtering them. After easily finishing off the red jackals, he extracted their fangs and left the scene.

Back at the city, Su Hao once again exchanged for the materials with seven fangs. After cleaning himself and washing the strong bloody odor, he went out of the city again.

He only had one fang on him. As long as he met a small group or a lone wandering red jackal, he could easily complete the task.

However, that afternoon, luck was not on Su Hao’s side. He waited for the whole afternoon and not even one small group of red jackal’s could be found.

The smallest group he could find was eight of them!

Su Hao was actually tempted to try hunting them. At the very last moment he was able to endure the temptation.

When the sky started to turn dark, Su Hao quietly went back to the city.

He was very clear of his strength. Once it was over seven red jackals, it was out of his capability. Blindly rushing forward was not called being brave, but seeking your own death.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0015 A sense of purpose
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0015 A sense of purpose

The next morning, Su Hao once again journeyed to the berserk red jackal territory. As usual, he hid his presence.

In the morning, there were a quite a few wandering berserk red jackals. But he could not find a group of seven berserk red jackals. After waiting for the whole afternoon, Su Hao who was getting more and more restless began to calm down. Like a veteran hunter, Su Hao quietly hid himself within bushes; waiting for the right moment.

After lying in wait while starving himself throughout the afternoon, he finally noticed a team of seven berserk red jackals. Without a single shred of hesitation, Su Hao began his decisive move!

Building the model and sprinkling some pheromones as the final touch, once again, the scene from two days ago was reenacted.

“Xiu!”

“Xiu!”

Numerous arrow sounds could be heard as they swiftly cut through the air. A few moments later, these seven berserk red jackals dropped dead on the ground.

Su Hao skillfully pulled out the fangs. However, he suddenly had a very bad feeling. When he looked up, pairs of fierce red eye were staring at him.

It seems that some distance away, another group of berserk red jackals was passing by. It was just unlucky that they happened to notice Su Hao.

“Damn!”

In Su Hao’s heart, he blamed his luck. Forget about the number of berserk red jackals in the group, the current materials in his hands were only sufficient to kill only one!

“Run!”

Su Hao did not hesitate at all. The scene of him being tirelessly chased was replayed.

Su Hao bolted for his life. The berserk red jackals chasing him had truly gone berserk as their name would suggest and were leaving behind a dust storm which rose quite high in the air and let the jackals blend in. Were an observer watching this scene, it would seem like a young boy was desperately running from dust and dirt and elicit a laugh. Of course, Su Hao would want to punch such a person.

In the past, these berserk red jackals would only chase for a while before giving up. This time chased him tightly, not wanting to let him go. Seeing a group of their own kind rushing together, more and more berserk red jackals joined in. Currently, the numbers had reached more than 100!

Even if Su Hao ran into another berserk beast’s territory he would still be chased. It seemed they remembered him as a serial killer of their kind.

Su Hao knew he only had one choice; forward!

He no longer tried to shake off the berserk red jackals army by taking detours. Instead, he adjusted his direction, heading directly to the city gate blindly. All these days painstakingly training which enhanced his physical fitness from 100 points to 150 points began to show its benefit.

Su Hao’s physical fitness was better than most ordinary people. Under the situation that his life was being threatened, he dashed a bit faster than the berserk red jackals behind him.

At the Jianghe’s city gate, several guards leisurely sat in front of the gate to enjoy the scenery.

Since each city had been equipped with an origin ability defense mechanism, the berserk beasts had learnt their lesson and no longer randomly attack the city. Thus, the soldiers guarding the city gates had become the most leisurely but also most important job.

As for today, the leader of the guard on duty today was Zhou Tiancai.

“Ah—-so sleepy. Captain Zhou, it is about time to change shift.” A guard said with a grumpy tone.

Zhou Tianchai stared at him ferociously. “Brat, you only know when to get off work! Wait for the next guy on shift come first. The city gate must be guarded 24 hours continuously; any mistakes are not tolerated!”

“Ceh! Who attacks us these days?” The young soldier disdainfully continued, “Last time was such a long time ago. Since the installation of the origin ability defensive mechanism, who still dares to charge at us? Once they reach the defense mechanism, they would be instantly killed by the lasers! Plus, Captain Zhou, you have been a guard here for 5 years. Have you ever encountered any berserk beast attacking this city?” (T/N: Today, you will)

Zhou Tiancai was speechless. He indeed had not encountered one so far. As this young soldier mentioned, berserk beasts attacking the city was many years ago. It was the older generation gate guard’s story. At that time, this profession of being a gate guard was worthy of respect!

Ever since the city had the scanner technology, scanning the entire perimeter of the city, there was basically nothing for them to do.

The gate guard had now became the most leisurely and easy going job; the most unpromising career. The only thing they could be proud of was their distant past—guarding the city gates from berserk beasts, protecting their homes.

It was just that now, these were all legends from the past.

Sigh, Zhou Tiancai no longer spoke further. Looking at a distant place, his heart began to doubt for a bit. Berserk beasts, do they dare attack the city? If mankind’s technology was obviously more powerful and dominant than the berserk beasts, then why not sweep the whole berserk beast population? Don’t tell him that berserk beasts also had some monstrous secret weapon?

As he was puzzled, Zhou Tiancai noticed at the distant horizon, there was some abnormal movements which were then followed by dust flying in the air. It seemed that numerous berserk red jackals were madly rushing at something.

“Has my eyesight gone bad?”

Zhou Tiancai rubbed his eyes and looked once again, yes! It was actually true!

“Berserk beasts attack! Alert!” As Zhou Tiancai shouted, some excitement could be noticed in his voice.

Several young soldiers next to him yawned. “Please, Captain Zhou. This is the start of the year, how can any....f*ck my life, this is really happening!”

These young soldiers were shocked on the spot, watching the distant boiling red army; as if it were a gigantic mouth wanting to devour them whole.

Zhou Tiancai cursed at them, “These brats, why are you daydreaming! Activate the defense mechanism!”

“Yes! Yes!”

A few people rushed to activate the defense mechanism. The hidden origin ability laser cannons began to appear to the surface, moving to aim at the red army. At any time, those fatal laser could be fired.

A 10 meter long gate started moving. “Kacha!” The city’s internal walls had been sealed, preventing any human from leaving the city. Only the outer part of the city, a 3 meter long gate of the guard headquarters was left opened. As for the men outside the city, they were all gathered at the guard headquarter.

“Ready to fire!” (T/N: You have been abandoned, Su Hao!)

Zhou Tiancai was in very high spirits. Just when he was ready to press the fire button, he abruptly stopped his action and stared blankly at the screen. That red army, at the most front, a person was running.

“What happened?”

“Captain, seems to be one of the students.”

“WTF, ready for collision! We must not allow this student to die here.” Zhou Tiancai cursed. With a serious expression while facing his men, he said, “Fellow gate guards, it is our job to protect the public safety. Especially this genius student who will become the pillar of our nation in the future. Even at the expense of our life, we must ensure his safety!” (E/N: Wait till they realise his standing according to public records...)

“Yes!”

Several frivolous gate guards felt the heavy duty and a sense of purpose. This feeling was something they had never felt in these past years guarding the gate.

“Ready! Stike!”

Su Hao started to gasp for air, his body was lacking oxygen. He also began to feel weakness in his legs. When he finally saw the the city gate some energy appeared from deep within and pushed him forward. He continued running, trying desperately to maintain his speed.

This situation was far beyond his expectation.

He had only killed a few dozens berserk red jackals. How could his actions trigger this mad army of berserk red jackals?

Yea!

This was no longer the group of berserk red jackals. While Su Hao bolted, the berserk red jackals howled. Now, even random berserk beasts began to join the party. It was as if they had received some kind of command. Surprisingly, they did not attack him but instead, rushed towards the direction of Jianghe city. (T/N: Wow, wow, wow. Shit is happening.. E/N: Choo choo!)

And some......they were even faster than berserk red jackals!

Su Hao had been attacked by the troop behind him countless time. He was even almost killed in the mouth of berserk beasts.

“Kacha!”

A werewolf like berserk beast rushed to the front, its speed was significantly faster than berserk red jackals. With its mouth, it attempted to bite Su Hao. Su Hao leapt on the werewolf’s head. Taking the advantage of the leveraging force, Su Hao once again continued rushed forward. The distance was pulled further apart from this manoeuvre.

At that time, when he saw the city’s gate which was clear as water with some reflective light rays, these reflection somehow made his eyes extremely painful.

Su Hao recalled what he had learnt from the textbooks. He suddenly understood what that was.

Origin ability ray gun!

Many rampaging berserk beasts were killed from the ray gun! However, at the moment, the ray gun was only on standby mode and did not fire. It was very obvious there was some hesitation which was naturally due to Su Hao.

Su Hao understood that even if it was not targeted at him, just the light ray from the ray gun was enough for people to have short term blindness. It went without saying that he who was running from the horde would be one of the victims too.

“F*ck this shit!”

Su Hao cursed, took a deep breath and facing the direction of the city gat above, he showed a few gestures. His achievement of 180 points in theoretical basis which indicated more knowledge in his brain began to show its usefulness.

The city gate above.

Zhou Tiancai had already ordered the command for collision. However, whether he would successfully save this student, he dared not guarantee. At this time he saw the gestures of the boy through the aiming screen.

“What is that? What is he trying to say?”

“It seems familiar.” Zhou Tiancai remembered he had seen this gestures somewhere but currently, he could not recall. For so many years he had not encountered such situations, naturally, some knowledge had been forgotten.

One of the trainee gate guards there voiced out. “I have learned this in a history textbook! This is a strategy gesture! He was conveying a message!”

“Oh?” Zhou Tiancai was excited. “What information is he conveying?”

The trainee gate guard approached him and answered, “It is an attack order. He allows us to fire!”

“Fire?!”

Zhou Tiancai was speechless. “Once this origin ability ray gun fires almost every human would be blinded but some types of berserk beasts would not be affected. Does this bastard want to die?”

“Captain, if you still do not attack, when the berserk beasts approach the city, I am afraid not only can we not save the student but even our city might be in danger.” One of the gate guard there said his analysis and continued, “We can only believe the student! Believe that he will evade our attack!”

“Alright!”

Zhou Tiancai also knew that this was not the time to hesitate. Looking at the figure of the student through the aiming screen, he spat out one word while clenching his teeth.

“Fire!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0016 A generous reward
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0016 A generous reward

Su Hao who was desperately running for his life, noticed the rays of light from the city wall. Finally, there was a trace of change and his heart was delighted. Looking straight at the direction of the city gate, he bolted forward in a straight line without caring about any obstructions.

Shua!

Su Hao closed his eyes. By remembering the pathway which he had just memorised, he dashed forward according to the line in his mind.

“Hong!”

A light beam was fired from the inside of the city wall. It was so bright that it could illuminate the whole world. A rich and dense origin ability energy penetrated through numerous berserk beast’s bodies and instantly melted down.

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

Fortunately, after several attacks were fired, most berserk beast’s eyes had been affected. One by one, they slowed down their pace and no longer could pursue Su Hao. Only some berserk beasts like the werewolf did not give up. Surprisingly, they did not receive any damage from the light ray and pursued him closely.

After a round of light rays were fired, numerous berserk beasts had various injuries or died; the rest no longer had any will to fight back.

At the city wall, the gate guards were surprised.

“Hey, this is all thanks to that kid.”

Zhou Tiancai laughed, glanced at the aiming screen and suddenly, his facial expression had a change. “This is bad!”

Everyone looked in that direction and they grimaced. A werewolf lookalike berserk beast was chasing the student. It had patiently waited for the round of light rays to end before making its move to intercept the student’s run.

At that moment, the student still had his eyes closed!

After the surrounding roaring and howling settled down, Su Hao was finally able to sigh in relief. However, at the same time, he could felt the breath and pressure from behind as if a crazy beast was chasing him.

“Shua!”

A strong wind began to blow from behind. Su Hao’s closed eyes suddenly lit up.

Once Su Hao’s eyesight was restored, he instantly evaded by rolling on the ground; as he rolled he took out a sharp fang from his bag with his right hand. Then, he surprisingly turned around to face the berserk beast.

Peng!

Peng!

After two consecutive attacks, Su Hao’s beautifully performed high jump kick was slammed down on its body, pushing it down to the ground. Without wasting a single second, with the sharp fang in his right hand, he fiercely stabbed it down with perfect accuracy.

“Puchi—”

The sharp fang directly pierced through the berserk beast’s body. It was helplessly nailed to the ground, unable to move. Su Hao looked up; noticing the surrounding messy and bloody scene with so many berserk beasts casualties. Su Hao laughed out loud and showed a victory gesture while facing the city wall.

Above the city wall, everyone who saw the scene through the aiming screen subconsciously smiled.

“This kid, he is not simple..”

“Yeah, his reaction is fast and ferocious! The most important thing is that he has a heart of a guardian!”

“You’re right.....for the safety of Jianghe city, he had the courage to put his own life at risk.” Zhou Tiancai also pleasantly said, “This kid, he will be someone famous one day.”

Everything had already been settled and sorted out. The berserk beasts also did not dare to attack again. This berserk beasts attack which happened after 10 years had finally ended just like that.

Sacrifice oneself for others?

Su Hao was not that great. However, he knew clearly that his own family was in Jianghe city too. Not to mention this situation was caused by him so he would need to take the responsibility himself!

However, he did not know how killing dozens of berserk red jackals would trigger an army of them?

Before him, there was already a man who killed so many berserk red jackals. In addition to that, he even killed the chief of the berserk red jackals!

That person, he must the real culprit who triggered this army of berserk red jackals!

The matter of this berserk beast troops had already ended before it could cause damage. This was obviously only a small scale raid which the origin ability ray gun could easily handle. Under the gun fire, many berserk beasts had become casualties and the rest had quickly fled the scene. This raid did not even damage a single hair of the city.

Su Hao was invited to the gate guard’s monitoring room. There, he met with the captain of the gate guard squadron.

“Young man, what is your name?” Zhou Tiancai asked.

“Su Hao, one of the students here.” Su Hao replied with a simple answer.

“Not bad.” Zhou Tiancai nodded with satisfaction. He looked at Su Hao’s back filled with the spoils of war and laughed, “This matter today is the mistake of our guard squadron for not detecting the berserk beast raid earlier. But, your performance just now received our approval. Thus, we decided to let you have some military merits.”

“Military merits?” Su Hao’s was startled. Usually, these military merits could only be obtained when you participate in wars or make a significant contribution to the country! As for gate guards, they are one of those qualified to get the merits. Never did Su Hao expect that he would be able to obtain military merits.

Military merits, represents the glory of the citizen!

A person who obtained military merits had definitely contributed a lot for the country. Those are worthy of respect! Of course, for Su Hao, this matter was a bit too far from his current strength and ability. The most important point here was that earning military merits would give him additional points for the college entrance exam!

“Yes, because this is only a small scaled attack from the berserk beast, there are not many military merits. Giving you the merits, consider that as our good intentions. Luckily your response was quick. If not, I don’t dare to imagine what would’ve happened.” Zhou Tiancai laughed.

“Then many thanks!” Su Hao said excitedly.

After registering Su Hao’s information, Su Hao briefly explained about the task he was completing outside the city. He had suddenly encountered a berserk beast army and then rushed back to the city.

The city’s joyous atmosphere and the gloomy scene surrounding the city wall outside; these made Su Hao experience contrasting feelings.

These berserk beast army did not have any lingering effects on Su Hao’s mental state. After returning back home, Su Hao had a wash and tidied up before brought the 30 fangs to submit his completion of the task.

Surprisingly, Su Hao did not go to the origin ability firm. Instead, he went directly the store of Zhang Zhongtian.

When Su Hao arrived, he once again saw Zhang Zongtian mixing a variety of drugs and materials. His eyes were flashing like a lunatic god. Su Hao had already gotten used to it and could only helplessly waited for Zhang Zongtian to complete his work.

“Huh? Who are you?” Zhang Zhongtian looked at him with a strange expression.

Su Hao speechlessly patted his forehead. It had only been a few days but he had already forgotten. “Hi, Master Zhang. I am here to give you the task you issued.”

“Task, what task?” Zhang Zhongtian frowned. “I have already gave the reward to the origin ability firm. If you have completed the task, go there and claim your reward.”

“Really?” Su Hao smiled with a mysterious aura. He then placed the big bag behind his back on to a table.

“Huala–”

30 berserk red jackal fangs scattered on top of the table, with the flashing sharp edge.

“Berserk red jackal fangs? I had waited for more than one month and finally, somehow has completed the task?” Zhang Zhongtian was overjoyed. He quickly grabbed a few fangs and prepared to take them for some experiment.

Su Hao helplessly sighed. “Master Zhang, I want to exchange for a bottle of beginner body strengthening fluid.”

Zhang Zhongtian’s body went stiff. He turned back and looked at Su Hao. While pushing up his old glasses, he said, “Although I usually do not care much about these matters, I definitely knew that the beginner body strengthening fluid definitely costs more than 500 thousand star dollars. Don’t try to fool me.”

“Master, you have to remember that this task is already more than one month old and yet, nobody completed it.” Su Hao said.

“Alright then.” Zhang Zhongtian went to the counter and looked around to find something. A moment later, he took out a bottle of fluid and gave it to him, “Nuo.”

(Nuo = take it.)

“Many thanks Master.”

A flash of surprise could be seen in Su Hao’s eyes. When he examined the bottle, he could see a label ‘beginner body strengthening fluid’ on the body of the bottle.

“Go back, go back.”

Zhang Zhongtian impatiently waved his hands as he could not wait to resume his experiments.

Su Hao was very pleased with this bottle of body strengthening fluid. When he was prepared to leave the store, he suddenly felt something was wrong. He then frowned. This is not right!

At the bottom of the bottle of body strengthening drug, there were numbers printed which represented the government’s drug identification. In other words, this bottle of beginner body strengthening fluid is the standard one which you could get at the market! The market value for this was 1 million star dollar and not the Zhang Zhongtian’s own produced version which was sold for 3 million star dollar in the black market.

“Snap!”

Su Hao casually grabbed the fangs which was in the hands of Zhang Zhongtian, “Master Zhang, what I want is not this drug. At the very least, you should have give me your self-made version.”

Su Hao shrugged, “If this is the case, then I will leave.”

Su Hao kept the fangs into his bag and prepared to go back. Zhang Zhongtian was slightly unwilling to part with the fangs but did not do anything to stop Su Hao. With just a word from Su Hao, he wanted to increase from 500 thousand star dollars to 3 million. For those berserk red jackal fangs, to be higher 10 times than the normal market price, it was something he simply could not accept.

Su Hao suddenly halted his movement when reached the main door. “O yea, Master Zhang. I forget to tell you that just now, there was a berserk beast raid. The berserk red jackals have almost been annihilated there. When you want the fangs later, I am afraid you have to go other places to buy them.”

Zhang Zhongtian face suddenly changed, berserk beast raid?

If what Su Hao said was true, then the task which he requested in the origin ability firm might never been completed!

“Wait wait....” Zhang Zhongtian shouted to stop Su Hao from leaving the store. He then made a call to reconfirm and went back to Su Hao, “Here is one bottle of beginner body strengthening fluid. I want the fangs.”

“Thank you, master.”

Su Hao laughed and dropped down his bag. After exchanging the bottle, it looked exactly the same except there was no number series at the bottom of the bottle.

“Boy, I don’t like you at all.” Zhang Zhongtian said bluntly. “Quickly, go.”

Obviously when the transaction was completed, Zhang Zhongtian began to drive people away.

As for this, Su Hao did not put that in his heart. It was not wise to offend a master of drug making. However, he remembered that during his last visit, Zhang Zhongtian still had a favourable impression about him but now, he had totally forgotten about him.

Su Hao believed if he comes here again, Zhang Zhongtian wouldn’t even know who he is.

On the way back from the store with such rewarding journey, Su Hao was excited. After so many days of effort and undertaking such huge risks, it was finally the time for him to enjoy the rewards!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0017 A valiant confession
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0017 A valiant confession

Once he arrived home, Su Hao carefully took out the bottles of drugs.

If he wanted to perfectly use the effect of the black market body strengthening liquid, he must let his body taste an enormous amount of pain. Plus, the greater the pain, the greater the enhancement! In this regard, Su Hao had the best choice available which was the beginner origin ability recovery medicine which he obtained from Zhang Zhongtian!

Last time the pain he experienced was still vivid in his mind. If he were to use these two drugs together, not only will he able to bring the effect of the strengthening drug to the full potential, even his origin ability will improve by leaps and bounds too!

“There are still 35 bottles of beginner recovery medicine....” Su Hao muttered to himself. Last time one bottle of recovery medicine enabled him to increase his proficiency in advanced origin ability cultivation by ten percent. In other words, as long as he consumed another nine bottles, he would be able to master advanced cultivation. Of course, this will only happen provided he was able to withstand the pain brought by these nine bottles.

“Nine bottles? This is far from enough!” A decisive light flashed from Su Hao’s eyes. This was the best opportunity for him to improve himself. He must never let this chance go that easily.

Not just nine bottles, he wanted to consume all thirty five bottles at once. This was to ensure he will be able to draw out as much potential from the black market strengthening drug as he could!

“There are still 26 bottles left..... it seems that I have to establish a few cards, and then master them all at once!” Su Hao had such a fanatical thought. If this was known by others, perhaps they will think he was crazy.

Beginner recovery medicine, he intended to consume thirty five bottles at once?

Don’t mention these are drugs from the black market, even those from normal markets contained enormous amounts origin ability energy which is definitely sufficient enough to let any ordinary person explode!

This was Su Hao’s wild hope! If he fails he might die but if he succeeds, he will be an instant star overnight!

He had endured for quite a few years. With such opportunity in front of him, he must seize it!

After carefully storing all the drugs, Su Hao began to inspect the cards which he had already mastered. One advanced basic fighting technique, one beginner police fighting technique, one beginner origin ability cultivation card. Excluding his own origin ability model analysis, there were a total of three cards.

As for the one which he still didn’t master, the one and only advanced cultivation card!

“Once I master advanced cultivation card, my body strengthening will be able to progress at a faster rate. Thus, the one which I need to upgrade should be from the perspective of fighting techniques.” Su Hao recalled, “My police combat technique is still in beginner stage. Why don’t I use this chance to upgrade it to a higher grade! I am afraid that from the remaining 26 bottles, I would only consume at most half of them. Seems that I need to find one more.”

The first card model to establish, Su Hao determined that to be advanced police fighting technique!

The next stage of police fighting techniques is the standard military fighting techniques. The minimum requirement to learn it is to fully master police fighting techniques. For Su Hao to establish the military fighting techniques card, he must first fully integrate his police combat technique. Thus, to open up this knot, he need to learn advanced police fighting technique first.

Before fully mastering police fighting technique, it was best if he forget about it.

As for the second card model to be established, Su Hao had not thought of it yet. It seemed that he could only take one step at a time.

“Lets just settle the first card and then we will talk about it.” Su Hao began to ponder, “Who has mastered police fighting techniques? Even the school instructors only mastered the primary police fighting techniques.”

After he thought for a moment, Su Hao managed to get some ideas. There was someone who had a very high possibility of mastering advanced police fighting techniques.

He had to admit that Chen Yiran was really Su Hao’s lucky star. Last time, he was able to learn advanced basic fighting techniques from her. This time around.....he would learn from her brother, Chen Yifeng!

Jianghe city, the legendary senior!

Su Hao’s idea was very simple. To be able to be admitted into Zhanzheng college, they are all definitely genius-level figures! The fighting techniques course in Zhangzheng college was none other than military fighting techniques!

The third stage of fighting techniques was the highest realm in the world so far for now.

Since his desire was military fighting technique, even if Chen Yifeng had not learnt it yet, at worst, he must have at least mastered advanced police fighting techniques!

So, as long as he found him, the first card will be successfully established!

As for how to find him....

This was definitely a very easy feat.

The first high school in Jianghe city, during the break between lessons in the morning, the students would take this advantage to rest their body. The door of classroom 326 will always be packed with crowds. This was because the school beauty, Chen Yiran, was in this class!

However, they were just onlookers and did not dare to get close to Chen Yiran. There was a time when Chen Yiran casually sent one daring guy who pursued her into hospital for a full six months! Since then, the students only dared to look from far.

But of course there were exceptions such as Sun Yaotian.

“Yiran, why don’t we go out for a dinner together? I heard that yesterday there was a frontal attack of an army of berserk beasts. This is so dangerous. With me around, I will be able to protect you.” Sun Yaotian said proudly to achieve his aim.

The students around looked at him with despise. You, protecting Chen Yiran? Chen Yiran’s strength was obviously higher than him by not only a mere one level. If they really were to encounter berserk beasts, perhaps Sun Yaotian would be the one needing protection.

Sun Yaotian looked at the gaze of Chen Yiran. He did feel some embarrassment and coughed for a bit before he continued, “Although my strength is not strong at the moment, I can guarantee you that anyone who want to harm you will have to step over my dead body first!”

Such lame confession, unexpectedly was able to attract some girls who were madly in love to look at Sun Yaotian crazily.

Chen Yiran continued keeping silent. If not because of the relationship between these two families, she would have long time ago kicked Su Hao flying. Especially now, such a poor performance from Sun Yaotian—God, who is going to save her.

Peng!

The door of classroom 326 was suddenly kicked open. When the crowd turned their head, they were surprised to see Su Hao standing at the doorway, who then began to rush inside.

“Su Hao?”

Sun Yaotian suddenly went furious. “Why did you come to our class? Do you want to die?”

Su Hao was too lazy to entertain this guy. He just directly walked to the side of Chen Yiran and out of nowhere, pulled her out of the classroom.

The students in the crowd were all dumbfounded!

F*ck, this is too fast!

Su Hao was so daring to rush over to their class and took Chen Yiran away?

Sun Yaotian watched them walk out from the door before recovering from his daze. His anger was flaring, “Block his path!”

At the door, a tall and burly guy with a full two meters tall blocked in front of Su Hao.

Luo Wei, Su Hao’s middle school friend was now the underling of Sun Yaotian. As for the matter last time regarding Su Ling, he was the one who reported it to Sun Yaotian. With his origin ability of 6, he was definitely a lot stronger than the previous Su Hao who stucked at 3.8.

Luo Wei coldy stood in front of Su Hao and said, “Su Hao, you’d better stop....”

“Get lost!”

Su Hao was too lazy to bother this nonsense. With one hand holding Chen Yiran, the other hand was directly bombarded right on point without any reservations. With such a ferocious fist, there was even a slight breeze generated.

“Such high speed!”

Luo Wei’s mind started to get alert. With both hand crossed, he tried to protect his chest and blocked the fist from Su Hao.

Once Su Hao saw his fist was not effective, his right leg instantly kicked out!

“Hong!”

Lou Wei was kicked in the stomach. His body was pushed away by the force and fell to the third floor railing. He was almost fell down from upstairs.

Su Hao sneered. Luo Wei still thought that Su Hao was like the previous him. He was simply courting his own death!

Without stopping, Su Hao kept dragging Chen Yiran outside of the classroom building and walked all the way outside of the campus. When Sun Yaotian rushed there, he couldn’t even see Su Hao’s shadow.

“F*ck! Trash!”

Sun Yaotian released all his anger on the body of Luo Wei by kicking him. He could only bitterly watch the direction from which Su Hao had left.

At the park of Jianghe city.

Su Hao continued pulling Chen Yiran, walking towards the deeper part of the park.

Chen Yiran only looked at him with interest. When she was in a pinch, Su Hao was the one who dragged her out. During the way here, he kept holding her hand. This really made her feel some shyness. But what made her curious was what was Su Hao trying to do.

The Su Hao which she knew was not someone who was reckless. And of course, he would definitely not be such high-profile, seeking his own trouble.

They continued walked to the central part of the park. When they reached the pavilion which was near to the lake, Su Hao finally stopped.

Chen Yiran sat on the stone bench. Looking at him while revealing her sweet smile, she asked, “What do you want to do? Mmmm, let me think. Finding me in such high profile manner, don’t tell me you want confess to me?”

“Yea, how do you know?” Su Hao looked at her seriously. “I have liked you for a very long time. Don’t you know?”

Chen Yiran’s eyes suddenly opened wide staring at him. Apparently, she seemed to be scared by his sudden statement. She was just casually joking. Looking at the serious expression of Su Hao, she was a bit speechless, “Su Hao....you, you are not serious, right?”

Su Hao looked at her expression and his heart began to secretly sigh. Chen Yiran obviously just did not know how to reject him. Although in the recent days there were some sparks going on between them, but they were not enough to create a foundation of being in a relationship.

“Of course.” Su Hao raised up his face. Watching the pure jade alike face of Chen Yiran, he continued, “You look at this young master’s face. Such seriousness, does this look like a joke? For you, I am willing to give up my life and work hard for the future. Even my most cherished little puppy I can let you keep it....”

The more Chen Yiran heard, the more familiar it felt. She only reacted much later. Wasn’t this the retard confession which Sun Yaotian told her two years ago when they first met each other?

“You!”

Chen Yiran looked up at the facial expression of Su Hao. Instantly, she knew that she had been played by this guy yet again.

*****

Yorasu: Sorry guys for a very late release. I have not been feeling well these few days which then I took a break. Now, I am back and ready to be slave ?

Kai: This actually happened to me as well once, where I thought she would say no and I had to make it seem like I was kidding, but when I saw her look of disappointment when she thought I was joking, I quickly added “So, want to grab lunch?” :3

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0018 Brother, why need to make things difficult for brother?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0018 Brother, why need to make things difficult for brother?

Chen Yiran took a breath of relieve. While looking somehow speechless, she snappily looked at Su Hao, “You, when have you been this annoying?”

Su Hao let out a loud laugh which really made Chen Yiran wanted to beat the hell out of him. “Well, what did you find me for? Don’t tell me you want to exchange fighting techniques with me again. If you want to do so, this time I won’t suppress my origin ability.”

“Of course not.”

Su Hao continued, “How is your brother?”

“My brother?” Chen Yiran was somehow a bit confused, “He should be having his meal with those scoundrels. This time, he took a leave to return home. By tomorrow, he should be returning to Zhanzheng college.”

“Oh really?” Su Hao thoughtfully said, “Can you ask him out?”

Chen Yiran shooked her head. “This brother of mine, when he is messing around, he will switch off his communication device. This time, he should be partying at some unknown place, there is totally no way to contact him at all.”

“Really?”

Su Hao laughed and while facing Chen Yiran, he continued, “Let me borrow your phone for a moment.”

Chen Yiran pointed her wrist. Seeing this, Su Hao was ashamed. Yes, for those rich men, they would naturally use the latest communication device. Who would even use this old fashion mobile phone!

Noticing Su Hao not believing her, Chen Yiran activated the virtual screen of the communication device and in front of him, she dialed the contact number of Chen Yifeng. A few seconds later, the call was connected to the video voicemail. There was really nobody to answer the call.

“You see. I already told you this bastard has gone somewhere to do his crazy stuff.” Chen Yiran said so helplessly.

Su Hao shook his head. “The way you opened it was wrong.”

“What?”

Chen Yiran was loss at his words. Looking curiously at Su Hao, she asked, “What do you mean by the way I opened it was wrong?”

Su Hao smiled indifferently. He walked behind Chen Yiran and grabbed her wrist to direct the virtual screen to his face. Touching Chen Yiran’s white and smooth wrist, his heart was moved by it. He was not willing to let her go. Plus, since he was very close to her now, his nose could enjoy the fragrance of Chen Yiran.

“I have a way to make him come here soon.”

“What method?” Chen Yiran could feel the hot breath of Su Hao at her ear. Although she was a bit uncomfortable, she pretended to be calm in appearance.

Su Hao smiled. Once again, he used the communication device to contact Chen Yifeng. When the video voicemail appeared, Su Hao suddenly took out a fang and pointed the sharp edge towards the neck of Chen Yiran.

“Chen Yifeng, your sister had been kidnapped by me. Quickly come here if you don’t want her to die. I want you to come here alone or not.....hehe.” Su Hao acted with some vicious gestures before turned off the communication device.

Chen Yiran was completely speechless. This is the so-called method of Su Hao talking about?

This time, Su Hao had stood behind Chen Yiran and tightly grabbed her arms from behind. Plus, with a sharp fang pointing at her neck, the aura given off was completely like a hungry predator.

After closing the communication, Su Hao released Chen Yiran. Once again, he sat on a bench opposite her and said, “He will be here very soon.”

Chen Yiran sorted out her hair which had been a bit messy and snappily looked at Su Hao. “You, doing nonsense stuff. My brother’s communication device is closed for the whole day. Even if he does open it, you did not tell him the address.”

Su Hao faintly smiled. “Believe me. Only those who become a brother to someone would understand the mind of how a brother works.”

Chen Yiran was a smart girl. She instantly understood what was he trying to say. She then said with some hint of surprise, “You mean, my brother’s communication device is always open. It is just that he reads but doesn’t reply to my messages?”

“Of course. In general, having his own little sister be easily reachable is something he would do.” Su Hao said in a low tone.

“Owh, so it seems that you are quite experienced too. Keeping lots of things from Su Ling in dark.” Chen Yiran reversed the topic.

“Keke.”

Su Hao had a little cough. “This communication device of yours, your brother gave it to you right?”

“How did you know?” Chen Yiran was somehow curious and then suddenly understood it. She turned her head and looked at a distant scene. A bright ray of light flashed through the sky. Ignoring any speed regulation, the car travelled at such high speed all the way here.

“Hong long long~”

A sport car landed in a very rough manner at a nearby pavilion. A figure rushed out from the door of the car, “Su Hao, you dare to make a move on my sister! I will make sure you die without any burial.....huh?”

Chen Yifeng, his whole body was stunned on the spot. Looking at Su Hao and Chen Yiran who were quietly sitting inside the pavilion, this is not like a kidnapping! This seems to be more like a couple having a date!

As for Su Hao and Chen Yiran, they were speechless at the scene in front of them. Looking at Chen Yifeng in front of them, they only had one word to describe him, daring!

At the current moment, Chen Yifeng was wearing his pyjamas with a pair of slippers. Even his hair was messy and some lipstick stains could be seen on his face and neck. From the way it looked, it seemed that Su Hao had disturbed the good time of this young master Chen.

“Big brother Chen, the way you dressed up is really cool. I salute you!” Su Hao suddenly opened his mouth.

“En?”

Chen Yifeng was surprised and then only noticed that his whole body was filled with girls’ makeup. Seeing his own sister’s chilly gaze, he quickly sneaked back into his sports car and changed into a clean set of clothes. After that, he came out of the car, looking like a proper good brother.

“Who can tell me what is going on right now?”

Chen Yifeng sat down on a bench. With his mind still cloudy, he asked them. As for the lovey dovey matter of Su Hao and Chen Yiran, he already knew about it. However, since when had the games played between the couple started going to such lengths? Don’t tell me I have already been left behind by the new era?

“This is not important.” Chen Yiran’s facial expression was as cold as ice. “I want to know, you did not close your communication device? Also, how did you know my current location?”

Chen Yifeng took a look at Su Hao. Su Hao was now looking down at the table, catching an ant and let it run around in circle.

“Haiz.” Chen Yifeng quietly kicked Su Hao’s leg and looked at him. In Chen Yifeng’s eyes, it went without saying that they were both in the same boat. Why must a brother made things difficult for another brother?

Su Hao’s eyebrow rose. He acted like nothing happened and again kept blocking the route of the ant. It could only helplessly follow the designated route set by Su Hao. The meaning of his action was very clear. He wanted Chen Yifeng to agree on one condition.

The corner of Chen Yifeng’s mouth twitched. He once again kicked the leg of Su Hao as a sign of agreement.

“Good.”

Su Hao showed a very bright smile.

Chen Yiran stared doubtfully at both Chen Yifeng and Su Hao who were communicating with their eyebrows. Somehow, there was an unexplainable sour feeling in her heart. These bastards, in the end, who are actually dating here?

“What are the both of you doing?”

“Cough~ cough~” Su Hao coughed. “Lets not talk about this. In fact, this time I contacted Brother Chen because I have something to trouble you.”

“En? What?” Chen Yifeng hit his chest, “As long as it is within my capability, I will definitely never refuse!”

“Brother!”

Chen Yiran gave a kick at him. “You still haven’t heard the details of the request yet you agree already?”

“What kind of brother in-law....”

“Shut up!” Chen Yiran snappily interrupted him.

Su Hao felt funny looking at the bickering of this pair of brother and sister. He pondered for a moment and then voiced out, “I want another rematch with Brother Chen!”

“En?”

Chen Yifeng stared blankly. “You sure?”

“Confirm!” Su Hao answered with a firm determination.

“I can see that your origin ability is nearing 7. Even if I do not use my origin ability, I still have a lot of fighting techniques yet to be used, Are you sure you want to play with me?” Chen Yifeng looked at him.

Su Hao still firmly nodded.

“Alright, I will accompany you for a round!”

When both them said they wanted to fight, they really acted according to their words. After finding an open space which is suitable for fighting, both of them stood at their spot and were ready for action.

Chen Yiran was surprised at this turn of events. She did not completely come to grips with what had happened in this short period of time. However, she was able to compose herself, “Be more careful!”

“Su Hao, be careful!” Chen Yifeng gave a warning and instantly made his move.

The same basic fighting techniques, the same flaws, Su Hao acted according to the flaw and tried to chase victory. However, this time around, Chen Yifeng suddenly changed his movement and immediately countered!

Police fighting techniques!

Su Hao instantly understood why Chen Yifeng’s basic fighting technique had flaws. This was because he had integrated basic fighting techniques and police fighting techniques together. Thus, the place which looked like a flaw was actually left for police fighting techniques to fill. However, in their earlier duel, Chen Yifeng did not use police fighting techniques, so in the one-two setup, using only one- one- etc would of course seem like a flaw.

It was also because Su Hao’s origin ability was only 5 last time that Chen Yifeng was being suppressed that hard. He could only used basic fighting technique which was what caused him to be defeated quickly.

However, this time it was different. Su Hao’s improvement allowed Chen Yifeng to  of his potential!

Peng!

Both of them exchanged fists and stepped backwards.

“What?”

Chen Yifeng was obviously surprised, “Police fighting techniques? Nice. Again!”

Chen Yifeng obviously was getting more and more interested in the fight. He then rushed forward again.

Su Hao turned around and fought back. Within his eyes, a glowing light ray was flashing. Model analysis, activate!

“Heng!”

The surrounding environment instantly changed. There, a model of Chen Yifeng was quickly established. A mini figure of Chen Yifeng appeared in the middle of his mind. Su Hao directly searched for advanced police fighting techniques!

“Card selection completed.....advanced police fighting techniques......analysing model.......model established........card model establishment complete....”

The unreal scene quickly disappeared. Within Su Hao’s mind, an additional gray card appeared.

Once he acquired this card, Su Hao’s mind became calm and stable. He continued playing with Chen Yifeng in this fight. But since Chen Yifeng began to fuse his attacks with intermediate and advanced police fighting techniques, Su Hao continued to be suppressed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0019 Heaven will reward the diligent!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0019 Heaven will reward the diligent!

“I lost.”

Su Hao bitterly gave up while watching Chen Yifeng. “You indeed live up to your fame as the legendary senior. This junior here is willing to step down gracefully.”

“That is of course.” Chen Yifeng, with his indifferent tone, sounded like a great scholar.

Chen Yiran then coldly interrupted their chat, “Using advanced police fighting techniques to bully your junior, do you even have any face?”

Chen Yifeng’s face suddenly went stiff after hearing her comment. He could only bitterly smiled at Su Hao, “You see, this is the reason why I am reluctant to have a duel with you. When I win, I will be blamed for bullying, but if I lose, I do not even know where to hide my face.”

Chen Yiran stared at him for a second before she shifted her gaze at Su Hao. With a hint of worry she voiced out, “Beginner police fighting techniques already caused a ton of stress on your current body condition. I know your martial arts talent is extremely high, but please don’t keep testing your limit. From intermediate police fighting techniques onwards, each step requires a very high requirement of your body condition!”

“Yes.” Chen Yifeng nodded. “You may not know, but the golden ratio for the combat method and physical fitness should be 1:1. Forced cultivation would only bring permanent damage to your body instead.”

“1:1?”

Su Hao realised the problem. Currently, his physical fitness and fighting techniques are maintained at 150 points. It seems that when he was practising police fighting techniques earlier, his physical fitness was forcibly promoted, and precisely because of this, he fainted at the park. If Chen Yiran’s didn’t react quickly and fed him a recovery drug, he would have been long gone.

“Police fighting techniques, beginner 50 points, intermediate 70 points, advanced 100 points. Thus, if you want to learn intermediate, at least make sure your physical fitness reaches 170 points!” Chen Yiran warned.

“Your current direction is wrong.” Chen Yifeng frowned. “Fighting techniques are only auxiliary; developing your own origin ability is the right path! Beginner police fighting techniques is the standard for regular college students. Even though learning military fighting techniques will give you 300 points, upgrading your ability is much more efficient and useful!”

“Okay.”

Su Hao nodded, but in his heart, he could only bitterly smile. All these points, how could he not know about them? But this fighting technique which is worth 300 points was the only hope he has to enrol in Zhanzheng college!

Noticing Chen Yifeng had blindly hurt Su Hao’s feelings without noticing, Chen Yiran quickly switched to another topic, “Brother, you still haven’t told me how you found me?”

“This, Yiran and also brother-in-law......owh, wrong. I mean Su Hao, this big brother here still has stuff to do. So, I have to go first.” Chen Yifeng was in a tight spot and he didn’t wait any response. Instead, he quickly ran back to his sports car and drove off in a blink of an eye.

Su Hao laughed at his actions. “This legendary senior, really not even one bit of impressiveness.”

“He....always acts like that. This is why many people like him.” Chen Yiran smiled and shook her head. This prideful girl was showing a face full of pride not because of herself, but for her brother.

Su Hao was envious of him. He did not know when his own sister be proud of this brother?

“You don’t have to be in a rush.” Chen Yiran looked at him, “The first mock test, there are still many days left. Plus, your improvement is definitely much faster than the students in natural selection class.”

“Alright.”

Su Hao nodded silently.

Coming back from the park, Su Hao didn’t go back to his school. Instead, he directly went back home.

He had too many things to be done.

In his own room, Su Hao was examining the gray card in his mind.

Sure enough, with all his origin ability power added, it was only sufficient to light up a small portion of the card. It was basically the same as the one situation he faced with advanced origin ability cultivation card.

The consumption rate was becoming higher and higher!

Last time when he was learning beginner police fighting techniques, even with Liu Zhenlong personally teaching him, it still consumed a huge amount of his ability power! As for intermediate police fighting techniques, it will definitely be several times more than beginner.

As for the advanced.....it will definitely be more terrifying!

If advanced police fighting techniques was already at such terrifying levels, then.......military fighting techniques? According to the current recovery rate, even a year’s duration might not be enough for him to master it.

After his analysis, Su Hao temporarily placed this issue aside.

Including the cultivation card, he already had two cards available. Thus, his current goal was very simple, which is to find the third advanced card!

The next few days, Su Hao went back to his usual school life.

His daily routine was very simple. Everyday he would get up early to the park to practice, chat with Chen Yiran, attend classes and come back home from school. These activities seemed to be like a mundane everyday life.

But only God knew that Su Hao would start analysing anyone which he felt was strong. He would then establish a model of the person and began to slowly analysing each ability.

More than 10 days had passed but there was no harvest at all!

From origin ability of 5 till 9, Su Hao had already done analysis of each and every person. Each of them only had the basic fighting techniques card which only separated from each other by the level rank, beginner, intermediate and advanced.

It seemed that everyone was concentrating on their own origin ability and only learned fighting technique as an auxiliary route! After all, fighting techniques were capped at 400 points, while origin ability had no limit.

This route was definitely more efficient, fast, and powerful!

Under the heaven, Su Hao had came across all sorts of magical origin ability names. From the lowest rank of smelling or cooking abilities to the highest rank element control, he had seen them all before. Indeed there was nothing which could make him surprised anymore.

The impact of origin ability, there were 4 affected areas.

Physical fitness? He could only see.

Fighting skills? He had already put so much effort into it that he had even surpassed Chen Yiran. Plus, he had the advanced police fighting techniques card ready to be deployed.

Theoretical basis? His 180 points on theoretical basis easily left the others in the dust.

Ability index? The only thing which he could improve which is the cultivation card he had already prepared. As for each person’s origin ability talent, he was not capable to build a model of it.

Thus, from Su Hao’s calculation, he was caught in the tangle of these four areas and was unable to escape!

Sometimes, Su Hao himself did not know what he is waiting for or looking forward to.

Or perhaps, the so-called legend which he had learned.

Human fighting technique limits, 400 points!

But is that really the case?

Su Hao clearly remembered that he had seen at the bottom of the fighting technique column, there was a small line of printing. If someone achieved more than 400 points, they will be reassigned into ability index.

What does this mean? This means that fighting techniques can definitely be more than 400 points!

Not only fighting techniques, even physical fitness which is over 400 points, could also contribute into ability index.

It is very easy to comprehend physical fitness.

In case someone’s ability increases their physical fitness, something like the power of superman, with more than 400 points in physical fitness. This is of course something that needs to be considered.

Fighting techniques were similar. Once someone uses their ability to break the 400 points barrier, they will be able to increase their fighting skill. When that happens, of course their origin ability will increase too.

So, besides using origin ability?

Su Hao vaguely remembered that he had seen in some random book which was about the old Chinese civilization. In the book, it stated there is an origin ability which was called internal force!

As for the moves of internal force, they are called martial art moves!

Once you are able to display them, with your empty hands you could flatten mountains and walk above snow without any trace. However later on it was now known why but this knowledge was gradually lost, as if it were being eaten by time. Luckily, with the emergence of origin ability, martial arts once again demonstrated its power!

Legend has said that those with hundreds of thousands of ability index, they do not rely completely on their own origin ability but also these mysterious martial art moves!

As for practising these martial art moves, the minimum requirement is to completely master the three ranks of fighting techniques!

Thus, Su Hao wanted to look at the students and teachers in the school to see whether there is anyone who had mastered martial arts moves. If possible he can have a look at it, and while at it, he could then establish a martial arts moves card model in his mind.

Unfortunately, he was disappointed!

If until exam and he could not find it, Su Hao would then be forced to give up. He could only cultivate these two cards and give up on the third one.

But he was really unwilling!

A bottle of three million star dollars worth black market beginner body strengthening drugs, 35 bottles berserk beginner origin ability recovery drugs; this kind of opportunity was definitely a golden one and came once in a lifetime.

“Only three days left before the exams begin.”

Su Hao made up his mind. “I will wait until the final day. If I still haven’t found it, I will really have to give up.”

The three days countdown began!

All the students were concentrating on cultivating as hard as they could. They only had one goal in their mind, which was to enter the natural selection class! To increase the chances to enrol into Zhanzheng college!

Besides searching for the card, the remaining time was used by Su Hao to cram all the knowledge in theory in his brain.

Heaven will reward those who are diligent!

Theoretical basis with full score of 200 points, he was fighting for the remaining 20 points!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0020 ‘Viper’ appeared
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0020 ‘Viper’ appeared

Jianghe city, in the garden of a villa.

Chen Yifeng leisurely lied down on a couch. Through the transparent glass in front of him, he was enjoying the scenery outside the window. The current, handsome face of his, occasionally flashing some grins. Compared to his pathetic appearance when he was with Chen Yiran and Su Hao, they seemed to be two completely different people.

Hua—

The door of the living room silently opened. An old housekeeper slowly and quietly entered, walked to the side of Chen Yifeng, and respectfully him handed a letter.

“Young master, a letter.”

“Owh, what era is this? Surprisingly there’s still someone who uses this.”

Chen Yifeng took the ancient envelope with great interest. When he opened the letter to have a look, his facial expression instantly turned grave. “Viper! Surprisingly, that bastard has come back!”

Even the expression of the old housekeeper changed. Being in Jianghe city for an unknown number of years, of course he knew who this Viper was!

One year, Chen Yifeng had him as a strong rival. Those two could’ve been considered evenly matched. In the end, Chen Yifeng managed to win against him by a slim margin and successfully became number one; became the legendary one.

Ironically, this era was like that.

Although Chen Yifeng was only stronger than Viper by a tiny bit, and while both were admitted into Zhangzheng college, people always remember the first one. Viper had long ago been forgotten from the back of their heads.

However, only those who experienced facing Viper would know how scary Viper was.

That old housekeeper had witnessed that year, how Chen Yifeng looked miserable and almost grew white hair. After both entered Zhanzheng college, they walked in different directions and never intersected again.

Is Viper’s strength monstrous?

No!

His origin ability was not a combat level origin ability but a neglected, yet fearful one: C-grade material analysis. This ability allows him to separate and analyze each element in a material.

Thus, by relying on this ability, Viper became a fearful pharmacist. Even to the extend that later on, the drug association had officially marked material analysis as ‘The best origin ability to be a pharmacist’. After entering Xingkong college, Viper improved by leaps and bounds in the drug field, and eventually the origin ability organisation upgraded his ability from C-grade to B-grade.

Is this what Viper is strong at?

No, you’re wrong! Viper’s strongest point was not his drug talent but his heart; his never ending schemes! Any person with an origin ability with the word ‘analysis’ would have a cunning heart!

Viper specializes in scheming behind the scenes, like in a game of chess. It’s also due to this that others call him Viper.

“What did that bastard come back here for this time?”

Chen Yifeng got up on his feet with a grave expression on his face. “It shouldn’t be for me. I should’ve left this place earlier, but didn’t due to some matters delaying me. I didn’t expect this guy to come back here and cross paths with me.”

“Could it be because of second Miss’s matter?” The old housekeeper said.

Chen Yifeng was silent and pondered for a moment. “Call Yiran here. I have something to tell her.”

“Yes.” The old housekeeper excused himself and went upstairs to get Chen Yiran and invited her down.

Chen Yiran went down while wearing her pyjamas, a bit confused. It was very obvious that she had already been sleeping for some time now. “Bro, this late at night, is there anything?”

Chen Yifeng replied in a soft tone, “In this short period of time, you and Su Hao shall not meet again.”

“En?”

Chen Yiran was shocked and instantly awaked, “What, what’s happening?”

“Viper is back.”

Chen Yiran was startled. Suddenly, she rose her head, “You mean, it’s because of me?”

Chen Yifeng nodded. “Viper values his family’s reputation the most. The matter about you and Su Hao, I’m afraid that he already knows about it. Don’t forget your own identity. Although I know you never care about it, but....”

Chen Yiran raised her eyebrows, “Su Hao and I are not in a relationship.”

“I know.” Chen Yifeng faintly said. “But others don’t see it that way. Since things have developed into such mess, I have some responsibility too. Su Hao, that kid isn’t bad. I have a very good impression in him. Viper might not dare touch you, but that doesn’t mean he won’t make a move on Su Hao. Thus, it would be better if you two didn’t meet from now on.”

“Alright!”

Chen Yiran nodded without any hesitation.

It didn’t matter for whom she was making the decision, but it was indeed the best choice. But it was such a pity, both of them were just starting to sprout out a tiny little flame. If this was to continue, it would definitely be enough to start a giant fire! However, now this little flame was completely extinguished!

Viper, such a name could bring fear to people. People only remembered the name Viper, but not even a single person knew his true name – Sun Yaohui!

In front of a villa.

“Ding, dong-”

The doorbell rang. Sun Yaotian was surprised when he came out to see a young man casually standing in front of the gate while carrying a military bag. “Bro, you came back.”

“Pa!”

Sun Yaohui hit him with a slap, causing one side of Sun Yaotian’s face to become swollen. This sudden turn of event caused Sun Yaotian to feel wronged, “Bro....”

“Hmph, you are just a waste.” Sun Yaohui coldly said, “You can’t even manage your own fiancee. It really made me lose face when I heard a rumor of you being duped by your wife while I was at Zhanzheng college.”

Sun Yaotian’s face suddenly changed, “Bro, I’m sorry.”

Sun Yaohui’s anger disappeared. He pondered for a moment, “I’ve made some preparations. Now that I’m back, no one will dare to compete with you. From now on, pursue Chen Yiran well.”

“But bro, that Su Hao....”

“Su Hao?” Sun Yaohui smiled with a sinister expression. “Rest assured, we do not have to make a move ourselves. The Chen family will definitely warn him. Since the Chen family has already made their move, it would not be appropriate for me to act. But I have a plan here for you. When I leave here, you will give him a good lesson.”

“Bro, I know you’re the best to me.” Sun Yaotian said with such great flattery. Apparently, that one side of his face no longer felt that painful anymore.

Chen Yifeng and Sun Yaohui both understood each other extremely well. They both knew each other’s plans, but obviously Sun Yaohui was one step ahead. He had secretly prepared a plan to make a move on Su Hao after he leaves this city. However, both of them seemed to have forgotten about this variable: Su Hao. Will he really take a step according to the road that they gave him?

Perhaps the strength of Su Hao was so weak that Viper didn’t pay any attention to it.

However when a viper appeared from the dark, losing the opportunity for a fatal surprise attack, losing the blessing of the shadow to hide itself, it was, after all, just a long reptile!

In the morning, at a campus, it was as cold as always.

Su Hao who just came back to school from practicing in the park, didn’t happen to see Chen Yiran there. However, he happened to stumble upon her in the campus and was stopped by her.

“Eh? Chen Yiran, why are you here, I didn’t see you at the park today.” Looking at Chen Yiran, Su Hao could not help to smile. Today, Chen Yiran was still wearing the same pale light color clothes and as usual, it was a pleasing and refreshing sight.

Chen Yiran’s face showed a cold expression, as if she was seeing the disgusting Sun Yaotian right now in front of her. With a low tone, she said, “From now on, it’s better if both of us never meet each other again.”

“Eh.....?” Su Hao was obviously confused. What situation is this?

“Everyday I can see you in the park. You really thought I don’t know what your heart is actually thinking? I thought that you were different from the others. It seems that I have overestimated a man who is just like an animal.” Chen Yiran coldly continued, “After your strength has improved, you are just the same as Sun Yaotian: your lower half is just acting like an animal.”

Su Hao was in a lost. What situation is this, man? Has Chen Yiran found out that I like her?

This really didn’t made any sense. Two days ago, they were both making some sparks. He was pretty sure that although Chen Yiran couldn’t be considered as interested in him, her heart definitely had a tiny bit of feelings for him. And now, out of nowhere, what trouble is this?

Indescribable. Su Hao felt as if he were watching a TV drama.

Noticing that Su Hao didn’t give a response, Chen Yiran felt that perhaps she wasn’t cruel enough and continued adding oil to the flame, “You’re just trying to catch this root of mine and use my family to your benefit. With your lowly origin ability, even if your fighting technique has improved, you’re still a waste no matter what. Next time, we no longer have to meet anymore.”

Once she finished her sentence, she turned her body and prepared to leave.

Su Hao laughed and without any hesitation, grabbed her wrist. “If it were only those words earlier, I really would have thought that you had misunderstood, but those words later on, inferior, waste, were not your style at all.”

Chen Yiran turned her body and said, indifferently, just as before, “I’m saying the truth. Let me go. Get lost!”

“Really?” Su Hao smiled indifferently and looked at the crowd which kept growing and surrounding them. “So this is the reason why you stopped me in the campus. To show this to everyone? Under normal circumstances, in a TV drama, the actor would feel dejected and leave the scene and drown himself with alcohol. But do you know what I’m going to do?”

“Ah?” Chen Yiran was confused by this reaction. It wasn’t what she was expecting.

A trace of smile could be seen in Su Hao’s mouth. Suddenly, he pulled Chen Yiran under his arms and forcefully planted his lips upon hers. Chen Yiran’s whole body was frozen. Her right hand was flashing in blue; ice crystals were sparkling around it and nearly subconsciously attacked Su Hao. Luckily, the bright gaze in Su Hao’s eyes eventually made her give this plan up.

After struggling for a moment, Chen Yiran helplessly turned weak in the embrace of Su Hao.

“Hua–”

The surrounding students were in an uproar. Although they already knew that both of them were in relationship, but to kiss in a campus, this seemed to be a bit too crazy?

While clinging on to her soft and tender body, Su Hao looked at Chen Yiran’s beautiful and attractive appearance and smiled. “This is the punishment for the words you said just now. Now no matter what you do, no one will believe your break up declaration. So, do you still want to continue acting?”

Chen Yiran only responded after a few seconds passed. Staring at Su Hao with an angry tone, she said, “You actually dare...”

Su Hao’s mind immediately moved. This time she was really mad at him and he quickly explained to save himself, “This is all because you scared me just now. So, I had to see whether you were acting or not. The result, en, seems to be true.”

Chen Yiran wiped the traces on her mouth and with her eyes widely opened, “You scoundrel, just to justify whether I am acting or not you dared to take my first kiss away...”

Su Hao spread out his hands and showed his innocent look.

Chen Yiran immediately escaped from his embrace and snappily looked at him, “You, this is just great. My entire plan has been ruined by you. I’m doing this for your own good...”

“I know.” While still holding her hand tightly, Su Hao said in a serious expression, “But you have to know this, whether or not we are really together, this matter shouldn’t be something for a girl to solve!”

“I, Su Hao, haven’t gone down to the point that I need a girl to protect me.”

Chen Yiran’s heart felt a hint of sweetness. Noticing that they were still holding hands, she hurriedly released his hand. After she corrected her hair, which was a bit of a mess, she turned away and left. “Hmmppphh, who wants to protect you. Also, we aren’t in a relationship. Don’t think that just because you got a cheap shot in that I’m yours now.”

Su Hao coughed for a moment. Raising his head and facing the direction of the three story teaching building, he sneered, “Whatever it is, feel free to come at me. Even to death, I will still accompany you and play!”

There, Sun Yaotian was watching him with a flaring heart, as if it was going to explode at any moment.

*****

Yorasu: Let us welcome our new editor, drpetro. He will be doing Kai’s job as Kai now on his vacation ?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0021 A fierce battle with Sun Yaotian
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0021 A fierce battle with Sun Yaotian

This morning’s event has apparently spread to every corner of the school.

Su Hao was still in the class reviewing the lessons he learned today. The mock exam was nearing, thus he couldn’t waste a second in order to prepare for it. However, at this moment, a loud and angry voice disrupted his study.

“Su Hao, get the hell out here!”

This voice.....Sun Yaotian!

Su Hao sneered. Finally, he came.

The current Su Hao who is now strong and formidable, no longer shook in fear. He walked out of the classroom and saw Sun Yaotian staring at him. Behind this madman was, as usual, Lou Wei following him closely like his henchman.

“Anything?”

“Anything?” Sun Yaotian laughed. “You already know that Chen Yiran is my woman and yet you dare to be that close to her! Last time it was because of the school that I didn’t make a move on you, yet you tried to test my limit again!”

“Your woman?” Su Hao laughed out loud.

“Stop bullshitting.” Sun Yaotian was brimming in anger right now, “Our Sun and Chan family have had a good relationship for generations. For the sake of better cooperation between us the two groups, a business worth ten thousands of millions is based on our marriage. Once I graduate, it doesn’t matter whether we agree or not but Chen Yiran and I will be getting married!”

Sun Yaotian almost exploded!

This secret was accidentally revealed to Su Hao when Sun Yaotian’s anger was growing at an alarming rate. Chen Yiran could be considered as his fiancee that was decided by his family. Almost everyone in the upper class knew about it but.....Chen Yiran kept getting closer to Su Hao. Previously it could be ignored, but the recent sex scandal a few days ago, that really made him lose his face completely.

However, that incident this morning, that was definitely not something he could ignore anymore.

Nobody was not standing on his side. This was even the case for Chen Yifeng. That day, he was the one who called Chen Yifeng here but after just a little battle, he ran off!

Lost to Su Hao?

Such a joke! In Sun Yaotian’s point of view, this Chen Yifeng was deliberately trying to support his sister. Only God knew that he had wronged Chen Yifeng, because that day he really had lost to Su Hao in their sparring.

“Fiancee?” Su Hao was stunned. Behind Chen Yiran, there was such a big thing? Two large companies cooperating?

Sun Yaotian now was shocked. He was finally aware that he had subconsciously revealed the secret.

However since it was not known to the public, he could not care much about it anymore. Sun Yaotian then looked at Su Hao with a proud look. “Last time, I only verbally warned you. This time, leave Chen Yiran and I’ll let bygones be bygones!”

Su Hao also raised his head and looked at him with an indifferent smile, “Your corporation, does it have any relation to me?”

Sun Yaotian’s eyes went chill, “You dare to have a match with me then?”

Su Hao laughed and immediately turned to the direction of the exit gate and walked there. He had not forgotten Sun Yaotian’s origin ability of 8 points, of which his own was only inferior by about 2 steps. Although he had recently improved by leaps and bounds, he didn’t dare be arrogant and say that he could defeat Sun Yaotian.

Sun Yaotian coldly looked at him, “If you dare not fight, then Su Ling will be the one who fight in your place.”

Su Hao’s movement was abruptly halted, “Her origin ability was already close to 9 when she was in her second year. She is one of the best students in our school. Do you think our school teachers will allow you to challenge her?”

“Me, challenge?” Sun Yaotian laughed out loud. “Of course not. But you need to know that I have a lot of women around me. Unfortunately, recently I happened to meet a woman with an origin ability of 9. If I ask her to teach a lesson to Su Ling, she would be glad to do so.”

At this moment, Su Hao turned back his body and stared at Sun Yaotian. His gaze was filled with killing intent!

He would never doubt Sun Yaotian’s words. Although his character is bad, he definitely had a daring heart and coupled with his family background, naturally there would be someone who is willing to make sacrifices for him.

“You’re are just courting your own death!” Su Hao’s cold voice was emitting a murdering aura. These days, he had beheaded quite a number of berserk beasts. The hidden violence in his heart began to abruptly burst out.

Sun Yaotian was not timid at all. He instead took a step forward and coldly stared at Su Hao, “If you dare to test my limit, then I also don’t mind testing yours. I will be waiting for you at the school sparring hall.”

After finishing his words, Sun Yaotian left the scene in large strides.

The school did not allow private fighting. Last time, when Luo Wei was blocking the Su Hao’s path, if Su Hao was willing, he could have reported the incident to the school to give him a appropriate punishment. On the surface, it seemed that the school forbids private fighting but it was an exception in the sparring hall. It is because you could abuse the reason to learn fighting techniques in order to make a move. When you make a move there, apparently nobody would care or stop you.

This time, Sun Yaotian had clearly portrayed his cruel desire to give a proper lesson to Su Hao.

As for Su Hao, since the exam was around the corner, he really didn’t want to mess with this. However, this time, due to the trouble he faced now, he could only fight! Whether it was for Chen Yiran or his own sister, he must fight!

The school sparring hall was located on the west side of the three story building of the teaching department. This place could be considered as a peaceful place, usually with few people, but today was clearly an exception.

Numerous student flocked in and stood around the sparring stage. The crowds were getting ready for the mouth watering battle.

Because the protagonists of this battle were none other than Su Hao and Sun Yaotian!

There were even rumors spread among the students that this was a love battle. This time, Sun Yaotian, who had lost this love battle finally could no longer control his anger and issued a challenge in order to take back his pride as a man.

Sun Yaotian, with origin ability above 8, A-grade ability talent iron element control! He was one of the candidates with a great chance to enter the natural selection class. If he entered the class, his ability would definitely improve by leaps and bounds; rushing all the way to 10 points and above, after which he would be expected to enroll in Zhanzheng college.

His battle with Su Hao was supposed to be something without any suspense.

However, ever since Su Hao’s battle with Chen Yifeng, nothing was the same anymore.

Su Hao had even mastered advanced basic fighting technique!

Plus he had even went to the length of integrating it well! Being able to produce perfect and beautiful combo move sets, there is no doubt that Sun Yaotian, who only managed to learn intermediate fighting technique, would be heavily cornered.

So this battle right now, without any doubt, was a battle between Su Hao’s combat ability and Sun Yaotian’s origin ability!

The school sparring hall stage was fully surrounded by students. Both Su Hao and Sun Yaotian were standing in the middle of the stage, staring at each other.

This battle, no referee! Only two hearts filled with anger!

Fight!

With a roar, Sun Yaotian rushed forward. Su Hao’s eyes flashed at the same moment as he began his counterattack.

Peng!

Peng!

Two moves intersected. Sun Yaotian had to take two steps backwards. Competing only in fighting technique, he was far worse.

“Good, no wonder you are so arrogant!” Sun Yaotian sneered; with both hands out, “Iron element control!”

Shua!

The metal products on Sun Yaotian’s body gradually melted. Numerous metal debris were covering the skin all over the body. In just a mere two seconds, his whole body was covered with metallic luster!

Obviously Sun Yaotian had already prepared beforehand. Not only that, he had also mastered a basic iron element control skill, which he gave a very interesting name, iron shirt!

The real iron shirt!

His body was fully covered with iron pieces; the protection was as hard as steel!

“Go to hell.”

Sun Yaotian grinned evilly; a pair of iron fist was smashed down against Su Hao. Surprisingly, the speed actually was not affected by the ‘upgrade’.

Su Hao stepped sideways and escaped Sun Yaotian’s punch. At the same time, a reflexive punch was directed at him.

Peng!

As if hitting a steel, the protection was indestructible and Su Hao’s right fist was affected by the shock and was in pain.

“Haha.”

Looking at him, Sun Yaotian laughed, “Brat, this is the gap between us. Even if this daddy does not evade, what can you do to me?”

“Is it?”

Su Hao seemed to not mind it at all. Since Sun Yaotian had used his origin ability, he no longer need to keep his trump card secret. Police fighting technique!

If he is unmovable, then capture!

Let me show you the devastating power of police fighting technique; you really thought that with your thick protection on your body, you will truly be indestructible?

Peng!

Peng!

Su Hao successively punched at a fast speed toward the right and left sides of Sun Yaotian’s hip. At the same time, he captured a punch coming from Sun Yaotian. A reversed body; shoulder throw!

Peng!

Sun Yaotian was helplessly thrown flat on the ground and was hit hard. Although his body was now hard and the iron shirt was able to neglect most of the damage done to his body, Su Hao still managed to throw him until he got confused.

Peng!

Peng!

Su Hao never gave anyone the chance to recover. Naturally, he took this chance to be more frantic.

Peng!

Peng!

Basic fighting techniques were integrating with his police fighting technique. Sun Yaotian’s tough body was just like a toy to Su Hao, being slammed here and there on the stage. Every time when he was trying to get up, he would quickly be hit by Su Hao!

Again and again!

The students in the crowd were long ago dumbfounded by the scene in front of them. The whole sparring hall echoed with the sound of Sun Yaotian being slammed down on the ground. To those students, who were still struggling with beginner basic fighting technique, these moves displayed by Su Hao were too advanced!

With a hard body, you think you are indestructible?

Su Hao explained to them what a true fight was!

Peng!

Yet another roar as Sun Yaotian was once again being thrown to the ground by Su Hao. He was severely slammed on the hard ground. The whole sparring hall was silenced; nobody could react to the scene.

This is too scary!

This is the true strength of Su Hao? He was simply a human Tyrannosaurus!

So what if his origin ability was only 6.8? He could still make the body of Sun Yaotian with origin ability of 8 full of cuts and bruises. This was really a fearful strength.

In a classroom within the three story teaching building, Chen Yiran was sitting beside a window in the corner of the class. She was quietly reading a book; her white clothes were white like a snow: simple, yet elegant. The crowd outside the window which was making a scene did not impact her concentration.

Occasionally, Chen Yiran would think of something and a trace of a smile would be revealed on her mouth. This scene really made several students who happened to pass by walk into a concrete wall. Since when did this school flower secretly smile?

Don’t tell that she was recalling the feeling just now?

However when it came to Su Hao, these students began to talk about the duel.

Chen Yiran, who was flipping a page of the book, suddenly stopped. “Duel? What duel?”

“You don’t know?”

That student was obviously very surprised, but since his goddess had opened her mouth he quickly replied.

Chen Yiran smiled indifferently; such thing happening again?

It seemed that Su Hao had prevented a lot of trouble for her. Should she reward him? After the sudden emergence of Su Hao these days, she was very confident in Su Hao’s ability.

However, very soon, her figure was stunned. This open duel challenge, to find a student in public and openly declare a challenge, this was definitely not something Sun Yaotian, that idiot would do. There was only one possibility, Viper’s scheme!

The matter which she worried the most had finally happened!

If this was really Viper’s scheme, then Su Hao.....

“Not good!”

Once Chen Yiran thought of this, her face became very anxious. “Su Hao is in danger!”

Shua!

A flash of ice brushed through. Chen Yiran actually activated her ability and directly jumped down to the ground from third floor!

“Su Hao, you’ve got to hold on.”

“Please.....nothing is happening to him!”

*****

I have already updated the donation progress so bribe me more ?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0022 Fighting essence
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0022 Fighting essence

“Hehe, you are strong indeed.”

The moment that soft voice travelled through the air in soundwaves, Su Hao’s body was startled. When he looked up in front of him, Sun Yaotian who was beaten half dead a second ago once again stood up from the ground.

Su Hao just now had slammed Sun Yaotian’s body down more than ten times. Surprisingly he was able to stand back up as if nothing happened. How is this possible?

“Sure enough, you are strong indeed. No wonder you dare to be so arrogant. If my origin ability really was only 8, I’m afraid I would have lost a long time ago.” Sun Yaotian muttered to himself.

The surrounding crowd were in uproar when they heard that. Sun Yaotian, what does he mean?

If only his origin ability was only 8.....does he mean....his origin ability had reached 9?

Without waiting for anyone to recover from the shock, Sun Yaotian swept his cold eyes; a powerful force dominating the surrounding appeared. This is the force of an origin ability of 9. Sun Yaotian’s origin ability, it had really reached a value of 9.

“Value of 9?” Su Hao’s mind was alarmed. When Sun Yaotian’s origin ability was 8, Su Hao seemed to be dominating but the fact was it was actually challenging. He could only depend on his throw to dominate Sun Yaotian. But it could not inflict any damage to him!

With just his high grade origin ability, Sun Yaotian already seemed to be in an invincible position, let alone when his origin ability raised to 9!

What Su Hao was concerned the most about, the last added point, where was it added from?

If it was from his iron element control, as long as his ability did not exceed 10, Su Hao could still manage to dominate him, but if that last point was added from other places...

“Hehe, you must be curious where my last point was added from.” Sun Yaotian seemed to be able to read the mind of Su Hao. Again with his cold smile, “You really think I don’t pay attention to my flaws? Not noticing the differences of me and a true master?”

Su Hao’s heart gradually sank into the bottom. This time he was in deep trouble!

“You’re not the only one who’s desperately trying to enter natural selection class. Everyone else is the same too.” Sun Yaotian sneered, “Basic fighting technique, police fighting technique, these two will consume too much of my time. Too bad my family is rich. We spent tens of millions star dollar and finally bought a perfect fighting essence!”

Su Hao stared at him coldly. Both his fists were clenched but he did not make a move. Since Sun Yaotian was announcing his ability proudly, he did not mind to listen for a bit.

“You must be curious what a fighting essence is, right?” Sun Yaotian laughed. “Although you have 180 points in theoretical basis, some knowledge would never appear in the textbook. The total point of combat method is 400 points. Basic fighting technique 100 pints, police fighting technique 100 points, military fighting technique 100 points and the last 100 points come from fighting essence!”

“A whole 400 points of combat method; however the true soul of this 400 points is fighting essence. Only if you master fighting essence will you be able to integrate all three stages of fighting technique and produce the most powerful strength. Although I have only mastered up to intermediate basic fighting technique, but coupled with fighting essence...”

Sun Yaotian wildly laughed. “Accept this move then!”

“Hong!”

Sun Yaotian as usual directed his fist towards Su Hao. Su Hao evaded and attempted a shoulder throw again. However, the strange thing was this time, Sun Yaotian did not fall at all!

Sun Yaotian’s lower body was as stable as Mt. Tai!

Su Hao’s heart sank, his fighting technique was only a mere 150 points. As for Sun Yaotian now, his originally 70 points of intermediate fighting technique together with 100 points of fighting essence had already surpassed him!

His greatest advantage, had gone.

Sure enough, Su Hao could not slam Sun Yaotian’s body. He grinned and took this opportunity to take care of Su Hao. Reverse throw!

Peng!

Su Hao’s whole body was thrown to the ground. He was thrown exactly 3 meters away. Su Hao did not have the iron shirt like Sun Yaotian, so there was a sudden burst of pain all over his whole body.

Su Hao climbed up from the ground. He raised up his head, looking at Sun Yaotian. His heart was filled with bitterness.

I have lost!

His only absolute advantage of fighting technique had already been surpassed! Whether it is his body, ability or fighting, every aspects of his could not be compared at all!

The only thing he could rely on now is his fighting experience! However, Sun Yaotian with such strength, even able to master fighting essence, will he not have fighting experience?

Not to mention, between an origin ability of 6.8 and one of 9, there was a gap of 3 levels.

Sun Yaotian was not attacking blindly. Su Hao looked at him. From the eyes of Sun Yaotian, he noticed the cunning gaze. Finally he understood that this was just a cat and mouse game.

Sun Yaotian from the very start till end was just playing with him, measuring his strength and then gave him a fatal blow in the end.

What he wanted to defeat was not this battle with Su Hao, but the struggling heart of Su Hao! Only this way would he will be able to leave a shadow of defeat in Su Hao’s heart and make sure that he won’t be able to stand up again.

Once Su Hao understood the whole situation, he took a deep breath. This.....this is something that the idiot Sun Yaotian could think off?

He vaguely remembered that there was a time when Sun Yaotian confessed his love to Chen Yiran with his idiotic lines. Such a scene was enough for the whole school to laugh at for a whole year. Plus, with Sun Yaotian’s moves these past two years, his brain definitely wasn’t so cunning. Let alone..... coming up with such vicious plan.

It doesn’t matter whether it is your idea or not. Let me see your scheme then!

Su Hao stared at Sun Yaotian. Ability activation, model analysis, activate!

“Hua!”

The surrounding scenery became illusionary. The surrounding crowd and scenery, they all became nothing. A small model was created in the mind of Su Hao. That was Sun Yaotian, a mini figure of Sun Yaotian.

This time, the moment the analysis been activated, around Sun Yaotian’s model, numerous cards instantly appeared.

Intermediate origin ability cultivation.

Intermediate basic fighting technique.

Iron element control.

Advanced yoga.

A man learning yoga? Su Hao did not have time to laugh at Sun Yaotian because this time, he saw the last card of his, fighting essence!

Once he selected this fighting essence card, immediately a bright ray illuminating.

“Card selection completed......fighting essence.......analysis.......model establishment......card model establishment complete....”

Shua!

Su Hao’s mind had an additional gray fighting essence card. Su Hao took this opportunity to read for a bit and his origin ability energy in his body nearly went empty. Yet, this fighting essence card only glowed at a very small part of it.

Su Hao instantly understood that this fighting essence card’s consumption rate compared to advanced origin ability cultivation card and advanced police fighting technique card was even more monstrous!

In other words, the third card which he was desperately searching for was now within his grasp!

“Hua–”

The surrounding scene went back to normal. Su Hao was still standing still, looking at Sun Yaotian.

“Why you still do not react? En, you must be afraid right?” Sun Yaotian grinned, “Kneel down and beg for mercy. Maybe I could still spare this life of yours. Of course you can just leave here with you tail between your legs but your sister...”

Those words by them could not be heard by the surrounding crowd. They could only hear the chattering voice and booing of certain students.

Su Hao stood at the same spot, his whole body was startled.

He himself knew that the best choice he had right now was to leave and temporarily bring his sister to hide. Then when he had a breakthrough he would made a comeback again; but to do this....

In his heart would forever be imprinted the brand of failure.

Sun Yaotian would then be the shadow in his heart which could not be removed in his lifetime. His future path would perhaps have to be stopped here!

I’m not willing!

Su Hao’s gaze was filled with craziness. He can fail but he will never ever accept such failure, this kind of failure which Sun Yaotian wished to see.

“Don’t you want to kill me?”

“Good. I will let you kill me then!”

“Killing me, you will be expelled from the school and not able to enter natural selection class and naturally lose any hope to enrol yourself into Zhanzheng college. I will open my eyes widely and see whether you have the guts or not!”

Su Hao burst in anger, his body was brimming with force and once again, he rushed forward to attack Sun Yaotian.

He could fail but even if he fails, it must be an upright failure!

Peng!

Peng!

Su Hao condensed all his force and once again directed a punch at him. Sun Yaotian relied on his dominating strength and completely suppressed Su Hao. Almost immediately, Su Hao went down to the ground again!

“Ah, this is your so-called last strength?” Sun Yaotian sneered, “It’s so weak as to be pitiable.”

“What you say is true. I dare not to kill you because you are not worthy! But do you think that fighting essence only has the usage to prevent myself from being thrown by you? You really underestimate the true ability of fighting essence. Let me show you the true fighting essence.”

With a loud bang, Sun Yaotian made his move again.

Plain ordinary basic fighting technique, almost everyone present there knew about it but yet, there was a slight trace of inexplicable rhythm.

One move, two moves, three moves....

Sun Yaotian with his overwhelming stength beat the hell out of Su Hao. However, Su Hao could feel that there was a surge of energy gathering in the fist of Sun Yaotian. With every moves he made, more and more energy being gathered.

Peng!

Sun Yaotian once again gave his punch to him. Su Hao crossed his fists and tried to block his chest. But at that moment, Sun Yaotian said, with a sinister smile, “Fighting points, burst!”

*****

We have our very first chapter in queue so there will be at least 4 chapters this week ?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0023 Final madness
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0023 Final madness

“Fighting points, burst!”

“Hong!”

A explosive burst; Su Hao felt a wave of devastating strength coming out from Sun Yaotian’s fist. Despite the fact that he had prepared himself to receive the attack, his whole figure was still thrown out due to the explosion.

“Pu–”

A mouthful of blood spray; his eardrums were also impacted by the wave. He flew away inadvertently and fell flat on the ground with a huge impact.

Peng!

Sound of the hard ground being hit. The whole sparring hall was silent. For these students with origin abilities between 6 and 7, this was the very first time they witnessed such a shocking battle.

Compared to the mock battle by the school fighting instructors, this was completely different. This was much more savage and extreme to another level. After several reversals, finally it seemed that Sun Yaotian came out as the victor.

After all, his origin ability had reached value of 9.

Feeling drowsy, Su Hao could feel that Sun Yaotian was moving closer to him step by step and stepped onto Su Hao’s chest with one of his feet.

Sun Yaotian whispered to Su Hao, “I dare not kill you, but I can still dispose of you. In addition, your beloved sister, I will gladly accept her. This is the price you have to pay for touching my woman.”

“Ling Er....” Su Hao’s mind was startled and he wanted to stand up. However, his whole body was in pain and he was not able to get up.

“Aiyo, you can still struggle?” Sun Yaotian’s mood seemed to be very good. “Too bad, you will lie for a very long period of time in hospital. Then, when you wake up, your beloved sister will belong to me. That little lass’s skin is very white and her development isn’t bad either. I’m actually looking forward to her performance on bed.”

Su Hao’s whole body was trembling right now in rage. Staring at Sun Yaotian’s proud expression, the killing desire in his heart finally erupted and was no longer able to be suppressed.

“You think the school will help? Don’t worry, the school will definitely stand on my side because my Sun family is one of the largest shareholders in this school. This is the law of this era, the law of origin ability era! You really think this world really has justice? Then let me enlighten you, strength is the largest justice!”

“I’ll definitely....kill......” Su Hao said with a broken sentence.

“Oh? What did you said?” Sun Yaotian said with his proud tone. Holding onto one side of Su Hao’s head, he laughed directly in front of Su Hao’s face, “You can’t even speak clearly. Such a pitiful son, what do you want to say? If it’s about your sister, don’t worry. I’ll definitely take a good care of her.”

“I...said........” Su Hao’s body was gasping for air, but then suddenly, his breathing became stable, “I said I will kill you!”

Shua!

Su Hao’s eyes were flashing. Sun Yaotian felt that this was bad. He was experiencing a trace of fear and wanted to withdraw, but it was too late.

Su Hao, with a scary smile, clinged tightly onto Sun Yaotian’s body. With his last bit of power concentrating on his right hand, he aimed at both of Sun Yaotian’s eyes and stabbed down.

Iron shirt could protect your body, but could it protect your eyes?

“Pu ci–”

At such close distance, Su Hao easily poked his fingers in, and with his precise aim, you could hear a loud and crisp sound of kacha.

“Ah—ah—ah ah ah–”

A miserable scream was resonating in the whole sparring hall. Sun Yaotian crazily punched Su Hao, and once again, he was lying flat on the ground. Sun Yaotian was also rolling on the ground in pain with his piercing screams.

All students in the crowd were dumbfounded by such a scene. Goosebump were all over their body. What is actually happening here?

What did Sun Yaotian provoke Su Hao with that made him rampage like a mad dog?

Su Hao with such heavy injury could still manage to produce such strength and poked Sun Yaotian’s eyes to such a terrible condition. Actually, what strength is supporting him?

A student duel could even be turned into a fight of life and death!

However, everyone was feeling some coldness in their mind. An idea was deeply imprinted in their brain, which is never to offend this mad dog, Su Hao!

“Hong!”

Below the sparring stage, Sun Yaohui who was watching the battle suddenly rushed out from within the crowd. He quickly ran to the side of Sun Yaotian who was screaming in pain. Peng peng, with two strikes, he immediately made Sun Yaotian enter into a state of coma and relieved him of pain. Then, he fed Sun Yaotian a bottle of relieving drug. Eventually, Sun Yaotian was no longer struggling in pain.

Sun Yaohui hurriedly carried him to a middleman in the stage below, “Uncle Li, immediately bring Tian Er back for treatment, it can still be cured now.”

“Yes, young master!”

Uncle Li, also realised the alarming situation right now, and with a great hatred stared at Su Hao who was lying on the stage. Holding Sun Yaotian’s figure, he madly exited the sparring hall.

Sun Yaohui turned around and stared at Su Hao. With his sinister eyes, he took a step forward. A kacha sound could be heard echoing in the whole sparring hall. Looking down, his whole body was as if it were covered with lighting.

That was a destroyed eye which he accidentally stepped on. In other words, one of Sun Yaotian’s eyes was completely wasted!

“Su! Hao!”

Sun Yaohui shouted these two words while gritting his teeth. Staring at Su Hao who was not far away on the stage, he suddenly rushed out.

Su Hao saw the incoming assault but he did not make a move.

In fact, even if he wanted to, his body was not listening to him. He could only powerlessly lay down on the stage. He watched Sun Yaohui, who was madly charging towards him like a raging bull.

Oh, bull? At such time, I can still think of this.

Su Hao surprisingly wanted to laugh.

Sun Yaohui directed a punch down on his head. Su Hao slowly closed his eyes. This is the end........

A biting cold breeze could be felt beside his ear. Being confused, Su Hao heard a loud and cold shout, “Get lost!”

“Hong!”

The very next moment, a cold aura of ice enveloped the surrounding sparring hall. Su Hao’s whole body felt very cold and yet it was then followed by a burst of warmness. When he opened his eyes, he saw himself being under the embrace of Chen Yiran who was looking at him with a worrisome expression.

“Su Hao, you’re fine right, how do you feel now?” Chen Yiran asked with a hint of heartache in her tone. After all, Su Hao had to suffer attacks from Sun Yaotian again and again due to her. This really made her hard to accept it in her heart.

The corner of Su Hao’s mouth rose, “So soft....”

Chen Yiran’s eyes instantly stared at him. When she looked down, she found that she had accidentally placed Su Hao on top of her bosom and this guy was resting so comfortably on top of them.

Chen Yiran’s white face quickly turned to rosy red. She then rearranged the position of Su Hao and took out a bottle of recovery drug to feed him, “Don’t talk. First, take a good rest.”

“Great! This is great! Chen Yiran!”

Sun Yaohui was almost into madness, “This kid ruined one of my little brother’s eyes, and yet you are here flirting with him. Don’t forget you are Sun Yaotian’s fiancee!”

Once this sentence ended, the whole sparring hall was shocked. No wonder, this Chen Yiran from the very beginning was the fiancee of Sun Yaotian? No wonder he was so crazy, the hat which Su Hao brought him to wear is none other but green. (TLN: The green hat story, if you read the recent MGA chapters, you will know since Eggy already explained.)

Chen Yiran looked at him as if looking at an idiot and faintly said, “Because of these words of yours, your brother’s reputation has became even worse. Sun Yaotian, that retard is not so smart as to plan such a scheme step by step to destroy Su Hao. To be able to come up with such plan, it should be none other than you.”

“In other words, the one who is actually harming your little brother is you, yourself!”

“You!!!”

Sun Yaohui’s eyes were flashing in anger. His gaze was so scary and terrifying, “You think you have the ability to save him?”

Sun Yaohui once again dashed forward towards Su Hao. His figure was just like an artillery shell, which caused people to not be able to react at all. Chen Yiran’s expression turned cold. Her right hand was like a feather, lightly raised. Countless cold ice crystal appeared on her hand. With a loud noise, those crystals joined together and formed an icy cold wall within the parameter of 5 meters.

“You dare to come any close, I will kill you without any hesitation!” Chen Yiran’s faint voice echoed in the whole sparring hall.

Sun Yaohui’s figure halted and was just barely able to stop outside the ice wall. Noticing Chen Yiran’s eyes, he knew that if he take any step forward, Chen Yiran will definitely make her move!

Chen Yiran, he was not afraid of, but Chen Yifeng.....

“Great then, I will definitely demand an explanation from Chen family regarding this matter.” Sun Yaohui said. With crazy flash brimming from his eyes, he turned and left the stage. The students below the stage, one by one, hurriedly opened a path for him to walk with terror in their minds.

Su Hao looked at the face in front, which was so beautiful that it shook his heart, and smiled, “Why do you have to meddle into such trouble.”

Chen Yiran carefully placed him on her thighs and slowly rubbed his temples just like the moment last time at the quiet park. “In these two years, you’ve been my only friend. You and Sun Yaotian shouldn’t even cross each other’s roads. It’s because of me that such thing happened. I should be the one to feel sorry.”

“If.....we really crossed each other’s roads?” Su Hao whispered.

“Eh?” Chen Yiran lowered down her head, a sign of her not understanding Su Hao’s words.

“What if I really have fallen in love in you?” Su Hao looked at her, his gaze was brimming in bright light like never before.

The movement of Chen Yiran’s smooth hands, which were massaging at the moment, paused. She suddenly recalled two days ago, the joking confession of Su Hao and also the his action this morning that was definitely over the line....if she did not like him, no matter how close their relationship, will she really let a friend lie on top of her thighs?

Steal her first kiss, yet not make her mad?

Of course no!

For the first time, Chen Yiran faced head on with her true inner feeling.

She knew that her heart had already been conquered by Su Hao. This was the first official confession of Su Hao yet she didn’t know how to respond due to the matter regarding Viper.

This error was due to the factor of Viper’s and Sun Yaotian’s rash challenge. This plan should only be carried out after departure of Viper from the city, yet it was pushed forward in advance. As a result, such consequences occurred.

The next time, can Su Hao really hold out?

As the Chen family’s second miss, she had all the glory and wealth, but because of that, she had lost too many things. Even with a simple matter of her life like love, she had to consider so many things.

After waiting for a while and not getting a reply, Su Hao did not want to make things difficult for her.

“I know the answer.”

Su Hao said in a very weak voice and then finally lost consciousness.

“Su Hao.” Chen Yiran somehow felt heartache. “You fool...”

Holding Su Hao’s figure, which was covered in blood, she got off the stage. With her fluttering white clothes, she turned back to her cold aura. The students nearby had long ago retreated and dared not be near her. All the events happening today, it doesn’t matter which event would be spread out, it would definitely be earth shattering news!

Now, as Chen Yiran left the sparring hall, these events which could shake the all of Jianghe city officially began to spread!

*****

Su Hao is so smooth~

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0024 Su Hao’s transformation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0024 Su Hao’s transformation

The moment the students left the sparring hall, what happened in the hall began to spread like wildfire.

Su Hao was seriously wounded, Sun Yaotian was blinded, and Chen Yiran and Sun Yaohui confronted each other. When all these events added up together, it got so huge it reached the attention of the school’s higher ups.

The whole school was in a state of panic. The school higher ups were forced to hold an emergency meeting. Sun Yaotian’s status didn’t need to be mentioned. However, as for Su Hao, nearly all the students in the school paid close attention to this matter. Not to mention, there was one more person involved in it, Chen Yiran. If this matter wasn’t handled carefully, there would be quite a bit of trouble later on!

After a full one hour meeting by the higher ups, and after a war of different opinions, the principal had made a final decision. Since both Su Hao and Sun Yaotian were both extreme and heavily injured each other, they were given a warning as it was the first time such an offense happened. If there was a second time, they’ll have to be expelled from the school!

Such an interesting decision. With this kind of attitude, the school clearly stated its position: they are not going to be standing on any side!

Regarding this conclusion, some people questioned it while some agreed. There were also certain people who despised such a decision. Still, such a decision was definitely the most sensible one. This kind of matter, those involved would have to solve it in private.

Sun family.

Sun Yaohui returned home with a very ugly expression. Receiving him home was none other than a slap on the face.

“Pa!”

The sound of a loud and crisp slap echoed the whole room. One side of Sun Yaohui’s face was instantly swollen. It was exactly the same compared to the time when he slapped Sun Yaotian!

“This is your doing?” In front of him, a middle aged man stared at him coldly. With his indescribable anger, “I thought you were the so-called Viper. To come up with such a flaw!”

Sun Yaohui was half kneeling on the floor right now.

He wanted to say that it was his own little brother who acted up privately without his consent. He wanted to say this was all his little idiot brother being to affixed with his face when he was winning, which allowed Su Hao to take this opportunity to destroy his eyes. However, he couldn’t. He could only helplessly kneel down with a guilty tone, “I’m sorry, Dad.”

The middle aged man standing in front of him was a tycoon in Jianghe city, the Sun clan’s corporation’s leader, Sun Batian!

“Heng!” Sun Batian gramped. “Your little brother’s talent is our family’s only hope. Both of you, one in the light while one in the dark, you two will be the greatest partners! You just have to ensure that your brother gets the best achievements. Such an incident, I don’t wish for it to happen again, otherwise...”

Receiving such a harsh warning, Sun Yaohui’s face got pale. “Absolutely, this won’t happen again.”

“Regarding your little brother, you don’t have to intervene. This time, I myself will negotiate with Chen family!” Sun Batian’s eyes were flashing in anger. “I’m really disappointed in you. Go back to Zhanzheng college. Just wait for the result of my negotiation with Chen family.”

“Yes.”

Sun Yaohui silently withdrew.

This was the dialogue between father and son. Although they are both his sons, the treatment is too different. It was in this family environment that Sun Yaohui developed such a distorted psychology.

This stage had become the terror of the guy known as Viper. He could only open his mouth wide, showing his fangs, but he could not manage to bite down. Instead, he could only quietly exit.

Jianghe city, a garden villa.

When Chen Yiran reached home, she was frozen in front of the door.

The one she saw on the sofa in the living room wasn’t her brother. Instead it was her own father, which she hadn’t met for a long time, Chen Haonian!

“Dad, I’m back.” Chen Yiran was pleasantly surprised.

Chen Haonian was sitting on the sofa, holding a copy of the newspaper and seriously reading it. Compared to the virtual newspaper on the screen, he still prefer this old-fashioned medium of communication.

“En, have a sit.” Chen Haonian pointed at the sofa opposite to him. Chen Yiran went over there and had a seat. Looking at her father’s face, she suddenly felt it was unnatural, “Dad, why do you look so serious? Where is bro?”

“Let me get the hell out back to Zhanzheng college.” Chen Haonian faintly said. These two tycoons of Jianghe city, surprisingly made the same decision regarding this matter.

“O.” Chen Yiran was speechless.

Chen Haonian put down the newspaper in his hands. Watching his daughter, whatever happens, she always stays calm and doesn’t panic. His wife and this daughter of his are very similar.

“How is Su Hao?”

Chen Yiran tossed her beautiful hairs to the side, “I already sent him to the hospital. However, even with the top notch recovery drugs, he’ll still need a few days of treatment. The mock exam which will happen in three days, it seems that there is no hope for him.”

“En.” Chen Haonian nodded. Looking at his daughter, “You like him?”

Chen Yiran raised her head, with her bright eyes looking at Chen Haonian and a serious tone, “En.”

“You should know that this is the consequence of this incident. Sun Yaotian’s eyes being destroyed brought a huge impact to the Sun family. Sun Batian definitely won’t take this lying down.” Chen Haonian said in a low tone, “At most, what I could offer is to just not take any action.”

“Dad!” Chen Yiran’s eyebrows frowned. “It was because of me that he....”

“Everyone needs to be responsible on all matters that they have done. Su Hao is the same, you are also included.” Chen Haonian said with an indifferent tone.

Chen Yiran could be seen clearly on the verge on anger, “Dad, how can you be like that. Su Hao, he....”

“You really want to help him?” Chen Haonian looked at her with a serious look.

“Yes!” Chen Yiran nodded.

“Great.” Chen Haonian said, “I don’t care that your relationship has progressed to which stage. From this moment on, break up with him. There is no need to meet him anymore from now on. After graduating, you can choose not to be with Sun Yaotian. But at the very least, you must find someone who can protect you and has status.”

“Dad, you....” Chen Yiran was shocked and raised her head. The plain looking expression of Chen Haonian was seen, as if he was dealing with some trivially small matter.

Chen Yiran didn’t get angry and also didn’t bitterly cry with never ending tears. Instead, she only looked at her own father with a serious facial expression. It was just that from her gaze, there was a hint of disappointment.

For a very long time, Chen Yiran’s voice finally echoed in the living room, “Is this a deal?”

Chen Haonian’s hands paused, slowly said. “You can think of it like that.”

“Alright, I promise.” Chen Yiran replied. “I and Su Hao won’t contact each other anymore. Even if we meet each other, we will act like strangers. This matter, let it end just like that.”

After finishing her sentence, Chen Yiran immediately went back to her room. It was just that her action when she left was a bit forced. Her brother was suddenly being driven away to college, her dad suddenly appeared. All of this really caught her off guard. Also, this dad of hers, which she had not seen for a long time, forced her to make such a decision. All of these events really made her disheartened.

Families with well matched status, this topic will always be eternal.

Within the living room, a woman which is about 30 years plus came out. Wearing pyjamas, she walked behind Chen Haonian and helped massage his shoulders to relieve his fatigue, “Yiran went up?”

“Yea.” Chen Haonian nodded, “That child really disappointed me.”

The women just smiled casually. Her smile was a bit similar to Chen Yiran. Indeed, she is the mother of Chen Yiran, named Zhao Yaru.

“You don’t even have to do it like that.” Zhao Yaru shook her head, “It will be fine if you just directly tell her.”

Chen Haonian shook his head, “Even if it causes heartache, it will still be better than the grief in the future. Some matters, let us ourselves be responsible for them. Let’s not pressure them on our children. Hate me or what, at least she won’t have to suffer pain.”

Zhao Yaru sighed, “You still can’t forget her?”

Chen Haonian slowly close his eyes. “How could I forget, after all, she died in front of my eyes. During the battle that year, she became the only victim. This really made me regret my entire life. This time, I will never let Su Hao become the victim. Even though there will be pain and sadness, they are still only high school students. Soon, it will all pass by.”

“En.”

Zhao Yaru nodded and grabbed her husband’s hand. She then quietly sat beside him, accompanying him.

Hospital.

The rooms there were separated by blue glass. This made the ward nearly enclosed by just glass. Such design made the hospital look really clean which easily put the mind to peace.

In ICU Room 6025, Su Hao was laying on the bed half naked, only wearing a pair of white and blue pants, and his body was covered with needles. Numerous bottles of recovery drugs and therapy drugs were injected through the needles into his body.

On the right side of the bed, there was a virtual screen which displayed the physical condition of Su Hao and his state of recovery.

A girl was lying on the left side of the bed. Feeling dizzy, she subconsciously slept. From the tear stain on her face, it was very clear that this girl had cried for a very long time.

“Er....”

Su Hao came out from the coma state and opened both his eyes. The scenery which he saw was a bit dark, but very soon it went back to normal.

Su Hao looked at the surrounding, this is........the hospital!

As for the steady breathing sound which was beside his ear, Su Hao turned over to have a look. It was not Chen Yiran, but his sister, Su Ling.

“Ling Er.” Su Hao whispered.

“Ah?” Su Ling was still in a light sleep. Hearing a voice, she instantly woke up and was surprised noticing Su Hao awoke, “Bro, you woke up already?”

“En.” Su Hao nodded with a pale face, “What time is it now?”

“Now? It is already night. You have fainted for half a day.” Su Ling replied with some sadness in her tone.

“Really?”

Su Hao murmured to himself, half a day.....all the incidents which happened during the first half of the day began to play in his brain. Sun Yaotian.......the sudden appearance of a young man....Chen Yiran.......Sun Yaotian’s treat.......his own weakness.....

So, this is what a true battle is all about?

If he has the ability....if he is powerful enough.....

In a short period of time, Su Hao suddenly figured something out and murmured, “It seems that I owe her another life of mine.”

“What owe.” Su Ling said while not feeling satisfied. “If not because of her, how would bro have received such an such injury. Bro, don’t think too much. Get some good rest first.”

“Rest?”

Su Hao’s face showed a determination, “Now is not the time to rest.”

After saying that, Su Hao actually tried to get up from the bed with a struggle.

Shua!

Shua!

Su Hao pulled out all the needle tubes from his body. His body though, was on the ground.

“Bro, you’re crazy!” Su Ling didn’t foresee her brother crazily standing up, although he was very unstable. She quickly rushed to support him, “Bro, don’t scare me. With your body’s condition right now, you must not find Sun Yaotian for revenge.”

“Silly girl.”

Su Hao patted Su Ling’s small head, “Do you think your brother will do something which would only bring death? Rest assured, I won’t find him. We....go home!”

“Go home? But, bro, your body is still.....” Watching Su Hao, Su Ling was very worry.

“I’ll be fine as long as we go back home. I can lay down quietly in my room. Plus there’ll be a fool which will take care of everything for me.” Su Hao calmly looked at a distance away from the window. From his mouth, there was a trace of cruel sneer.

“This is a battle between men. The outcome of it, I will personally decide!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0025 24 hours of panic state
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0025 24 hours of panic state

“Bro, here. You lay down first.”

Su Ling even took her own pillow to add more padding for Su Hao, ensuring that he is lying in a more comfortable position.

“I’m fine, silly girl.” Su Hao smiled, “I have learned a bit of physical restoration cultivation technique. In no time, I will recover well. However, during the cultivation, I must not be disturbed. Thus, I’m not meeting anyone. You will be in charge of guarding your brother for a day.”

“Alright!”

Su Ling nodded and then carefully left the bedroom.

Su Hao opened the quilt and then came out from the bed. He opened a drawer under the desk and then took out each item in the drawer.

One bottle of beginner body strengthening drug!

For an ordinary high school student, under normal condition, you could improve your physical fitness from 100 points straight to 200 points, such is the value of 1 million worth of drugs. The one in Su Hao’s hands, created by the hand of Zhang Zhongtian, will enhance the body according to damage done to the body; from 50 points up to infinite!

35 bottles of beginner origin ability restoration drug!

Each bottle of these would cause great deal of damage to the body as side effect. The recovery effect brought is twice as much compared to the ones on the market.

Of course, what Su Hao had prepared was not only these. There were also 3 cards within his mind which he used his own life in exchange for them!

“Finally, I can start....”

Su Hao murmured to himself, “Whether I’m a dragon or an insect, it’ll all depend on this moment....”

Gudong!

Su Hao picked up the body strengthening drug and consumed it all in a single gulp. Instantly, a stream of qi began to revolve within his body. His pain seemed to have relieved a bit too. Also, there was a little growth in strength within his body.

Su Hao understood now that this was the initial enhancement of this strengthening drug. In other words, the 24 hours duration officially started now!

“This is great!”

Su Hao picked up a bottle of beginner origin ability recovery drug. He paused for a moment, thinking of the pain which he experienced during the first time he took it. But, very soon, Su Hao quickly poured all of the container into his mouth at once.

“Hong!”

A kind of berserk origin ability energy was raging within his body which then began to cause impacts all over his body. In Su Hao’s whole body, muscles instantly contracted and tightened in order to fight back the raging energy.

The origin ability energy in his body climbed at an alarming rate. His recovery speed was too quick and in a few breaths, it was fully saturated.

Su Hao definitely would not waste such a precious abundance of origin ability energy, so he selected the advanced origin ability cultivation card. The moment he activated this card, the card which had been in gray color for quite some time began to shine brightly the moment the endless origin ability energy started being absorbed.

Fifteen percent....sixteen percent...

There was a reason why Su Hao chose such a card first. As long as he had managed to learn this advanced origin ability cultivation completely, the origin ability energy within his body will once again skyrocket! Skipping intermediate and directly entering advanced level, whether it was his body’s capability to contain origin ability energy or its recovery, both will definitely improve at a terrifying rate!

Twenty-four percent......

The card was still illumined with a bright ray. However, the effect of berserk origin ability energy within his body began to gradually disappeared. The first bottle of origin ability recovery drug, ran out.

Gudong!

Su Hao, without any hesitation, picked up the second bottle and drank the drug. Again, a roar was resonating within his body. Su Hao grit his teeth, fighting back the impact of the energy, and directed all the origin ability energy to the card to be absorbed.

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

Su Hao almost went numb from withstanding the pain all over his body. One by one, he poured bottles into his mouth. There was almost no disruption in the endless supply of berserk origin ability energy. This also signified that he was also experiencing non-stop impact on his body. And this time, Su Hao impressively grabbed the ninth bottle and drank it all up.

Gudong!

This time, Su Hao ignored the pain in his body. Instead, he wholeheartedly paid attention to the advanced origin ability cultivation card because at the current moment, the bright progress bar had reached the final stage.

Ninety-eight percent....ninety-nine percent....one hundred percent...

A buzz rang in his eardrums; the advanced origin ability cultivation card was completely illuminated!

Within his body, a roar could be heard. A small whirlpool of origin ability energy suddenly appeared. Then, from the centre of the whirlpool, countless amount of origin ability energy was spreading and clashing all over the surrounding like a shockwave.

The berserk origin ability brought by the drug was easily torn apart by the shockwave and was being engulfed. The situation in his body was a mess like overturning seas and rivers.

Very soon, the body recovery went into a silent state.

Su Hao began to check his body. The origin ability energy in his body which was originally like a streamlet had became a spacious river. Compared to last time, the capacity was more than five times as much!

Don’t forget that terrifying recovery rate!

Advanced origin ability cultivation, indeed a formidable skill! Even his class teacher took many years after graduating from university and barely managed to master it. This proved that origin ability cultivation was not something easy to learn.

Beginner origin ability cultivation 100 points, intermediate 150 points, advanced 200 points.

In just an hour’s time, Su Hao skipped the level from beginner to advanced. His origin ability had increased by 1 point from 6.8 directly to 7.8!

“This is only the beginning....” Su Hao murmured and once again, picked up another bottle of beginner origin ability recovery drug and consumed it.

Gudong!

The fury of berserk origin ability started again!

His body was once again covered with endless pain. Coupled with the lasting effect from the previous nine bottles, his body was now in very serious pain. Even his arms were feeling heavy too.

Fortunately, his body’s ability to contain origin ability had increased. Now, it needed at least 3 bottles of this drug to bring the energy within his body to saturation. It was no longer like last time where only 1 bottle would cause it to burst.

Taking another two bottles, Su Hao activated the advanced police fighting technique card.

Two bottles, two times the impact on his body!

Soon, during the twentieth bottle of origin ability cultivation drug, an extremely bright light shone. Advanced police fighting technique card was fully brightened. A surge of knowledge and experience suddenly forced themselves to be engraved in Su Hao’s brain cells. Each and every moves of advanced police fighting technique was completely mastered.

This feeling.....really wonderful.

“There are still fifteen bottles left!”

Su Hao took a deep breath. He didn’t stop and consumed yet another bottle of the drug again.

“Hong!”

With his twenty-first bottle of the drug, the energy once again went rampant in his body. Su Hao almost shouted out loud in pain. With cold sweat all over his body and a pale face, he even nearly fell down to the floor.

That feeling......finally it’s here.

He thought after experiencing the impact on his body again and again, he would feel numb and the body would get accustomed to it.

However, this time he clearly felt that the degree of pain experienced by him increased!

After taking twenty bottles of berserk drugs at once his body had been, without a doubt, destroyed to the extreme. He clearly understood that for every bottle consumed, there would be enormous damage done to his body as a side effect.

Last time, he had to take three full days to recover completely.

And now he was taking so many bottles in a row.

The pain appeared within a breath and disappeared very quickly too. The berserk origin ability energy was gone just like that without any trace. When the effect of the twenty-first bottle was gone, the energy within his body had recovered to half!

“Continue!”

Su Hao took yet another bottle with his trembling right hand. It was not that he was afraid, but that his hand was weak and heavy. He felt that when he lifted his arm, it seemed to not be like his own arm.

The side effect of berserk drug, compared to the one which he imagined, was even worse.

Next time, he might not even able to move to take another bottle of the drug!

His body was in extreme pain. No matter how much he had to suffer, he could tolerate it. However, once his hands lose strength, he could no longer take any more drugs and the remaining bottles would have been wasted like that. Also, the third card which he had struggled so much and used his life in exchange for it, fighting essence, he would have lost the best chance to master it too.

All the last ten days of hard work, they would all be completely wasted!

I can’t be like this!

Su Hao’s eyes were flashing in pain. If not because of the third card, would he tolerate another ten days? If he had upgraded himself few days before, when he fought with Sun Yaotian, would he still have lost that badly?

Wasn’t everything all for this last battle?

Two days later will be the mock exam!

If he discarded the third card, would he still be able to enter the natural selection class?

Moreover, he was very clear, which was.... The more damage done to his body, the more benefit the strengthening drug would bring! 35 bottles of drugs, that was the standard which he set for himself.

“Let me see to the very end then, exactly how much this will enhance me.”

From the gaze of Su Hao, he looked like a madman. He used his nearly depleted energy to open the drawer under the desk and take out a cup. One by one, the drug bottles were opened and poured into the cup.

Fortunately, the beginner origin ability recovery drug didn’t have much of a corrosive property. Although it was a plastic cup, it could still withstand the corrosion.

With his shaking hand, he lifted up the cup, which was half filled with blue liquid. Su Hao gritted his teeth and once again, gulped all of it in a single breath.

Gudong!

Gudong!

Gudong!

With three mouthfuls, Su Hao was finally able to swallow every drop of the liquid.

“Kuangdang!”

His vision went completely dark. The cup in his hand fell down to the floor. Su Hao helplessly fell down too. Lying on the ground, his limbs were seen twitching but he no longer had any power anymore.

The tension on his body was also relaxed. Su Hao no longer even had the ability to control his own body!

Pain?

No, he could no longer felt any pain. His body was completely freed from his control. In the middle of his dizziness, Su Hao just wanted to sleep quietly and comfortably.

Covered in warmness, compared to the monstrous pain felt by his body, it was a the complete inverse. Su Hao closed his eyes comfortably but it was just that at that time, subconsciously, he issued a final order within his mind.

The third card, activate!

Hong!

The mighty origin ability energy, like the rapid combustion of a rocket, rushed towards the third card, fighting essence. It also absorbed all the incoming energy, which was like a vast large ocean. Su Hao’s river-like container of the energy could not withstand the incoming energy and it all leaked out, rushing to the fighting essence card.

Consumption!

More consumption!

Su Hao who was about to sleep, was awakened by the impact. What he saw was the over flooding river. If he did not give the final command to activate the fighting essence card, he would have definitely exploded from the berserk origin ability energy!

Died without a burial!

After overcoming this life and death situation, Su Hao sobered down completely. No matter how painful, he would see this until the end. He looked at the last gray card which gradually lit up until it brightened completely!

*****

This is our very first sponsored chapter.

Sponsored by Brandan Fisher and Aaron Marshall

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0026 Magnificent transformation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0026 Magnificent transformation

The next morning, Su Hao’s house.

“Dingdong!”

The doorbell rang. Su Ling skipped to the door. Through the security monitoring device, she saw that it was apparently a middle aged woman of about forty years old or more.

“So familiar...” Su Ling whispered to herself; soon she finally recognised this person, “Yang Ziqing! Brother’s class teacher.”

After Su Ling woke up from her pondering, she quickly opened the door, “Teacher Yang, welcome.”

Yang Ziqing nodded her head, staring at Su Ling, “I heard about the matter regarding the hospital. You have a lot of guts to bring your brother away from the hospital with such heavy injuries. Where did you take him?”

“Where did...” Su Ling mumbled this sentence to herself, “Brother himself wanted to come back, so I could only follow his request.”

“Come back? Where is he?” Yang Ziqing frowned.

“Resting in his bedroom.” Su Ling replied.

“Let me go and see him.” Yang Ziqing walked all the way to the front of his bedroom before Su Ling quickly intercepted her by standing in front of the door and shook her head, “You can’t!”

Yang Ziqing was obviously surprised by her action. She was just worried about Su Hao. How come she can’t even take a look at him? This child, after all, is one of the hardworking student in her class. Such treatment was obviously not fair to her.

But no matter what she said, Su Ling firmly shook her head and insisted in not opening the door.

“Su Ling, I brought recovery drugs for your brother.” Yang Ziqing bitterly smiled, “You should know your brother’s dream. Even it is a near impossible one, I still wouldn’t allow him to not even have any chance to sit for the exam. Although his talent is no good, this kid Su Hao is the most hardworking student in my class. I can’t help him much, but at least, I can help him recover well before the exam... so that he can participate in the exam.”

So it is like this... no wonder this class teacher rushed here so early in the morning. Su Ling’s heart thought so, but when she recalled back her brother’s command, she slightly shook her head, “Brother had asked me to make sure that within a day, he doesn’t meet anyone... anyone!”

“One day?” Yang Ziqing was really helpless, “When did he say so?”

“Six o’clock in evening yesterday.”

“Alright then. Now it’s eight in the morning. I will accompany you and wait until six in the evening.” Yang Ziqing snappily said, “You, if you are one of my students, I will definitely die from anger.”

Su Ling stuck out her tongue, which really left Yang Ziqing with no choice. Even though they had to wait for some time, the time easily passed. Both of them talked about Su Ling’s progress and ability. Also, Yang Ziqing casually gave her some pointers.

However, what they did not know was in the bedroom which was so near to them, there occurred a terrible scene.

Su Hao was totally unconscious.

This time her wasn’t sleeping, but due to the impact of the excessive pains he directly entered into a temporary state of coma. Although he was in coma, Su Hao could still feel some pain within his body at times, causing his body to tremble.

If someone were to enter his room this time, they would definitely be frightened by the discovery in front of their eyes. Su Hao’s current body could no longer be considered as a body. His body was completely soft without any strength like a leaking inflatable doll; completely lying on the floor with no sign of control.

The last half cup of drug, with more than ten bottles berserk drug, the after effect brought by them was too extreme and terrifying!

Not only his skin, even his own bone was almost corroded. This is Su Hao’s final fight. He had taken out his own life and gambled everything with it.

Time slowly passed and very soon, it had finally reached six in the evening.

At about the same time as yesterday, Su Hao’s originally heartbeat, which beat at a very slow rate suddenly sped up, putong—putong—-rhythmically echoing and soon returned back to normal.

Then, a force within his soft, weak body started to flow all over. Su Hao’s weak body gradually recovered its vitality. Within just a few seconds, his body returned to its original state, brimming in vitality.

His pale face was now showing some signs of blood circulation. If you were to look closely, you would notice that Su Hao’s height had surprisingly increased by a few centimeters.

Shedding one’s mortal body and exchanging one’s bone! (ED: An idiom referring to metamorphosis. Think of it as “breaking out of the cocoon and becoming a Mothra that destroys everything!”)

This really is a complete transformation!

With a bottle of black market strengthening drug and 36 bottles of berserk drug acting together, Su Hao completed a full metamorphosis!

“E....”

Su Hao woke up from his drowsiness. The first thing he noticed was his room which was in a total mess. As he inspected his own body when he stood up, there was no sign of weakness.

What he could feel right now was only one, overflowing with strength!

“This power......” Su Hao looked at both his fists, used his force and gripped. This is too incredible, my body, how much has it change?

Su Hao himself was not clear, however one thing he could confirm....it should have exceeded additional 100 points.

Beginner strengthening drug’s maximum effect would be to increase physical fitness from 100 points to 200 points. If you physical fitness was 200 points or higher, the effect would be greatly reduced.

For example, if you consume the drug when your physical fitness is at 100 points, the best scenario is that you can directly upgrade to 200 points. However if you take it when your physical fitness is at 200 points, it’s very likely that it will only increase up until 220 points and then completely halt.

From 200 to 250 points is the range of the intermediate body strengthening drug.

As for from 250 points to 300 points, it is the expertise of the advanced body strengthening drug.

In other words, each step taken will be harder than before and the enhancing will require even more work! However, each type of strengthening drug, once used, won’t have any additional effects if taken again.

Su Hao’s physical fitness was slightly better than ordinary people as his was at 150 points. If he was to take an ordinary strengthening drug, at most his physical fitness would stabilize at around 210 points.

However, he did not take such a drug. What he was consuming was the drug from black market.

Moreover, his body had actually been severely injured by Sun Yaotian that day. Then, he even consumed all 35 bottles of berserk drug at once. That last move of his, with more than ten bottles being gulped at once, caused him to nearly drop on the spot. It was not an exaggeration to say that he was extremely lucky to live another day!

The enhancement this time, really made him extremely satisfied!

With his upgrade in physical fitness, Su Hao stood up straight and looked within his mind. Three brightly shining cards were floating in his mind; the light rays were so comfortable to watch.

Advanced origin ability cultivation!

Advanced police fighting technique!

Fighting essence!

Su Hao laughed, this time, with the mock exam, he must absolutely become an overnight celebrity and in a swoop enter the natural talent class!

While sitting cross legged, the surrounding origin ability energy, silk by silk flowed towards his body. Advanced origin ability cultivation instantly activated; slowly recovering the used up energy within his body. Fighting essence card consumption was too monstrous! The rate was twice more than the previous two cards!

“Already six o’ clock. Lets us enter then.”

Yang Ziqing peeked at the clock and looked at Su Ling.

“En.” Su Ling did not stop her this time. Although her brother had asked her not to disturb, she was somehow still worried about him.

Gently opening the room’s door, the scene in front of them really caught them off guard.

The room was a total mess. Scattered on the floor were numerous bottles of drugs, as well as cups. Su Hao was sitting in the middle of them, being surrounded by golden silks of energy.

Sensing someone entering his room, Su Hao opened his eyes.

Traces of golden light could be seen on his eyes. That trace of golden silk really startled Yang Ziqing’s mind. Such strong breathing! This breath....don’t tell me....

“Bro, you alright?”

Su Ling wanted to help her brother up but Yang Ziqing stopped her. Instead, she jumped forward and rushed in front of Su Hao, sending him a punch.

The usual, ordinary high school class teacher Yang Ziqing was never looked down at due to her old age. The moment she made her move, it was as if that earth was shattering.

Su Hao’s eyes were brimming in light; he turned around and countered with a punch!

Peng!

The air was startled as the two fists intercepted each other. With both figures retreating two steps, it was surprisingly a tie!

“Teacher Yang, how could you be like that!” Su Ling quickly rushed to her brother’s side and supported him. She was extremely dissatisfied and said while pouting with her small mouth, “You said that you wanted to give brother a recovery drug, but why did you attack him?”

A trace of a smile could be seen in Yang Ziqing’s gaze, “Silly girl, with your brother’s current condition, does he still needs my recovery drug? Being able to block my punch, and the atmosphere just now. Your origin ability should have exceeded ten by now, Su Hao.”

“!!”

Su Ling’s eyes were both opened so wide that her eyeballs could have fallen off. Thinking of those two earth-shattering punches, she recalled that her brother was previously injured before this and now....

“Bro, what Teacher Yang said...”

Su Hao smiled indifferently, “Since Teacher Yang has said so, then it should be true.”

“Good kid.” Yang Ziqing patted his shoulder, “When I graduated from college, only then did my origin ability reach 10. At first, I was worried that you would be affected by this. It seems that you have made adequate preparations.”

Su Hao scratched his head, “It’s all thanks to your good teaching.”

“You don’t have to lick my boots.” Yang Ziqing looked at the bottles of drug on the floor and picked one of them up, it really is beginner body strengthening drug!

Looking at the surrounding bottles closely one by one, she instantly understood everything.

“Su Ling, your brother is currently recovering. I will take him for a test.” Yang Ziqing smiled, “When we come back later, you will know how strong your brother is.”

“Oh.” Su Ling seemed to be in a state of confusion. Since when did her brother suddenly become that strong?

Being able to fight to a draw with Sun Yaotian, whose origin ability reached 9; yet today, he suddenly jumped directly to ten. This is the threshold to enrol oneself into Zhanzheng college.

Looking at the expression of Yang Ziqing, he already knew that she must have noticed something. He could only helplessly sigh and pat Su Ling’s little head, “Don’t worry. Brother will go for a short test and it will be done quickly. I’m also curious about my exact strength right now.”

“En. You go early and come back early. Mum will be back soon. She is extremely worried too, not being able to see you yesterday.” Su Ling said.

“Alright.” Su Hao smiled, followed closely behind Yang Ziqing, and left the house.

When they reached the curbside, Yang Ziqing’s floating car was already waiting there. Once Su Hao sat, the car was turned on and they dashed towards the direction of the school.

Yang Ziqing looked at Su Hao, “You don’t seem worried at all.”

Su Hao laughed, “You have been my class teacher for the last two years. In the school, the ones who are good to me are only you and Chen Yiran.”

“This brat.” Yang Ziqing helplessly shook her head, “You have a lot of guts; you even dare to consume black market drugs! However, after being heavily injured by Sun Yaotian, that drug definitely healed you and improved your body a lot. But what about that whole bunch of beginner origin ability recovery drugs?”

Yang Ziqing was somehow suspicious, “Not all black market drugs are expensive. Beginner origin ability recovery drug, although it could increase the origin ability energy, the side effect is too much. Why not use the certified drug as that banned drug only costs 8000 star dollars.”

“8000 star dollar?”

He finally understood why that day, Zhang Zhongtian happily gave him the drugs. Since each bottle was 2000 star dollars cheaper, 35 bottles would save him 70 000 star dollars!

I have been cheated!

No wonder the second time they met, he pretended to not recognise Su Hao. Su Hao had always thought of him as someone crazy in creating drugs; this old bastard is even a cunning businessman.

*****

One thing to clarify here, the title for chapter 24 is correct and I didn’t translate it wrongly. I am not sure why the author picked such title but lets just enjoy the story ?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0027 Super breakthrough!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0027 Super breakthrough!

“Hold on.......”

Yang Ziqing suddenly thought of something. “Don’t tell me that you were trying to take advantage of the side effects caused by these drug...”

Su Hao embarrassedly nodded.

Yang Ziqing asked with a shocked tone, “You drank all 35 bottles at once?”

“En.”

“My god.” Yang Ziqing looked at the most honest student in her class and couldn’t help but exclaim, “You living until now is truly a miracle.”

In response to this, Su Hao could only scratch his head and laugh bitterly.

A floating car streaked across the sky in an arch. While driving, Yang Ziqing asked out of curiosity, “Not to mention the recovery drugs, even that one bottle of strengthening drugs alone costs a whole 3 million star dollars. Plus, that is the price in the normal market. Where did you get this drug?”

“I directly exchanged for it with Master Zhang. I helped him to collect some materials and then got this bottle of drug as the reward.” Su Hao briefly explained.

“Master Zhang?” Yang Ziqing asked with a doubtful tone.

“Berserk Master Zhang Zhongtian,” replied Su Hao.

“Shua!”

Yang Ziqing’s hands trembled. The floating car rotated 270 degrees and was almost overturned. Luckily, Yang Ziqing’s driving skills aren’t bad. Very soon, she was able to regain control of her car. With her shocked face, she looked at her student, “Zhang Zhongtian has always been in Jianghe City the whole time?”

“Yea, one day I saw his mission request at Origin Ability Firm. In the end I ended up being cheated by him. Then, it was through that that we get to know each other.” Su Hao asked, “Teacher also knows him?”

“Of course I know him.” Talking about Zhang Zhongtian, Yang Ziqing seemed to have some hatred towards him, “That cunning old man!”

“Haha!”

Su Hao coughed for a moment. He really didn’t guess incorrectly. This Zhang Zhongtian is really a cunning businessman!

After a few minutes, Yang Ziqing was finally able to calm down her emotions. It seemed that she had been defrauded by Zhang Zhongtian in a not quite shallow way. However, after she understood the whole situation, she then nodded and said to Su Hao, “Like this, I’m able to understand this situation of yours. However, next time, lessen the assignments of yours outside the city. It’s too risky and dangerous, especially after the attack of berserk beast army several days ago.”

“Yes.”

Su Hao nodded earnestly. Of course, he would not say that half of the reason for the berserk beast attack was him.

After exchanging a few words, in a few moments, they finally reached the school.

At this point, the sky was already not that bright anymore. Many people had already left the school. Yang Ziqing directly led Su Hao to the school’s physical measurement room. While pointing at the white levitation chair, she said, “Lie down on it.”

Su Hao’s eyes flashed in surprise. He knew about this levitation chair, the tester for the college entrance exam. It can detect every single detail and information about your body. Never did he expected to experience it right now.

He walked there and immediately laid on top of it.

“Shua!”

“Shua!”

A soft alert sound echoed, a few soft gray safety belts appeared from the bottom of levitation chair which then fixed Su Hao’s wrists, ankles, and his body; making him unable to move.

The levitation chair was then activated. Su Hao was then suspended in the middle of the air in the room. From the ceiling, numerous laser rays appeared and swept through his body.

Yang Ziqing stared at the virtual light screen which popped out with an indifferent look. On top of the screen, numerous quantities of information kept appearing. You could clearly see from there, body toughness test, bone hardness test,.....body.......

After countless tests being done at a rapid speed, the lasers disappeared. Then, the levitation chair slowly fell back to its original position. On the light screen, finally the end result popped out.

Physical fitness : 300 points.

“300 points?” Yang Ziqing’s whole body was startled. How could this be?

Even with tens of millions worth of strengthening drugs, for people who had reached 250 points in physical fitness, they would still require perfect drug to play a role in order to reach 300 points. But Su Hao, the very first time he took this drug he had already rushed all the way to 300 points?

Such a terrifying effect, it clearly showed how much suffering and pain Su Hao had to withstand that time!

Su Hao came down from the levitation chair. Looking at the data, even he was caught off guard. He had speculated it to increase by more than 100 points but the end result was a total 150 points! How could he not be happy with such a result!

“How much was your physical fitness before this?” Yang Ziqing asked.

“150 points.” Su Hao replied.

“An increase of a whole 150 points. This should be the most perfect result this bottle of drug could bring. You could withstand until then. It’s not an easy feat.”

Yang Ziqing nodded.

However, even with this 150 points, it would only add another 1.5 points for origin ability, This would most probably not be enough for Su Hao to reach 10 points. Recalling Su Hao’s meteoric rise in fighting technique, Yang Ziqing raised her head and asked him, “Has your fighting technique has improved from last time? This time, did you master advanced police fighting technique?”

Su Hao nodded and took a moment to analyse his own strength.

Physical fitness: 300 points!

Theoretical basis: 180 points!

Combat method: 300 points!

Basic fighting technique 100 points, police fighting technique which he has skipped to advanced level, could be considered as complete which mean another 100 points in his hands. Plus the fighting essence which he learned just now will add up to 300 points in total.

Ability index: 300 points!

His origin ability talent is 100 points and with the complete mastery of advanced origin ability cultivation, another 200 points was within his grasp. In other words, it had the same total of 300 points!

Comprehensive assessment score: 1080 points!

This indicated that his current origin ability had reached as high as 10.8!

A full 24 hours of quick breakthrough had allowed him an exact increment of 4 points! If this is known by others, it’s more than enough to be recorded in the historical records of origin ability. This is without doubt an absolute glory!

Looking at his expression, Yang Ziqing was extremely satisfied with this student of hers..... The most hardworking student in her class had finally succeeded though this success was obtained from nearly exchanging his own life.

While watching Su Hao, the more she looked the more pleased she felt. “Su Hao, my daughter will very soon enter high school. By then, you two can mix with each other more.” (TL: Knew it, her true motive. ED: Be careful, Su Hao.)

Su Hao’s excitement instantly turned into cold sweat at that moment. Noticing Yang Ziqing’s gaze, which is like a mother-in-law looking at her future son-in-law, his soul immediately parted from his body. If he remembered it correctly, Teacher Yang’s daughter is still a minor.....

“Su Hao, not satisfied with my daughter?” Yang Ziqing’s eyebrows frowned.

Su Hao quickly waved his hand, “How could that be, but......perhaps, she is a bit too young.”

“What small, she will eventually grow up too.” Yang Ziqing laughed, “Of course I know about the matter of you and Chen Yiran. But, that road is definitely not an easy one to walk on.”

Su Hao sneered, “The current outcome is something which they had agreed. However, my own outcome will never reach their turn to decide upon! By the time i have reached the aim of my strength, I’ll definitely write my own ending!”

Yang Ziqing looked at the eyes of Su Hao, that was the gaze of full self-confidence and fanaticism.

Su Hao’s strong and steer heart, was getting more and more powerful.

“Good!” Yang Ziqing was even more satisfied. Su Hao had all the strong and needed elements in order to ensure a good future, “Your body has just been enhanced. There are still many points which you are not adapted to.”

“If you want to adapt fast, you have to get more combat experience. If not, the day after tomorrow, you will suffer a crushing defeat in the exam.”

Yang Ziqing said solemnly.

Su Hao then was in a deep thought.

“Outside the city, it’s too dangerous to gain experience. Even if you are able to find someone to spar with, I am afraid you will easily get an injury. In order to sit for the exam, it’s the best if you maintain your body in perfect condition.”

Yang Ziqing faintly said, “Seems that finding a good spar to adapt your new strength is not that easy.”

Hearing the comment of Yang Ziqing, Su Hao also pondered, this seems to be true.

To find someone to be his sparring partner to adapt to his newly found strength, he couldn’t think of anyone. If it was before, Chen Yiran definitely would definitely accompany him....

Chen Yiran....

Su Hao suddenly felt lonely. Both Sun and Chen families were not finding him trouble. Exactly what price did she have to pay in the end? Su Hao really did not want to recall this matter but whenever he does, his heart aches.

Yang Ziqing noticed his expression which seemed to be thinking something which God only knows, “Thinking of her again?”

“En.”

Su Hao did not deny.

Yang Ziqing faintly said, “Yesterday, Sun Batian and Chen Haonian ate a meal together. Obviously, they were discussing something related to this matter.”

Su Hao’s eyes lit up at once.

“The specific details aren’t known but from their behaviour, you could roughly speculate that from now on, Chen Yiran and you will be like strangers.”

Yang Ziqing calmly said, “After graduation, maybe she will have to marry Sun Yaotian too.”

“Sun Yaotian.” Su Hao gripped his fists, “His eyes have not been blinded?”

“If Sun Yaotian really was blind, not to mention Chen Yiran, even the school wouldn’t be able to help you.” Yang Ziqing snappily said, “One of his eyes was destroyed, but it had been replaced with the latest biological eye. With this eye, he will still function like an ordinary person.”

“Is it?” Su Hao sneered, “He intended to destroy my strong heart. However it ended with my heart becoming even stronger. As for his heart, I’ll forever be branded as the shadow within it. Plus, this time, I’m getting even stronger. I’ll still be the same and getting him shiver in fear of my shadow!”

Su Hao was becoming more like a madman. Yang Ziqing didn’t even try to stop him but just nodded with satisfaction, “Not bad, not able to make a move on him doesn’t mean that you can’t do something from other points of view.”

“No matter how anxious they are, they’ll still have to wait for Chen Yiran to graduate from college and fully grasp perfect mastery of her ability in order to get married. Thus, you have a total of 5 years to do something.”

Yang Ziqing faintly said, “If you really want to marry Chen Yiran, then in this five years time, you will need to be an existence feared by both the Chen and Sun families!”

Su Hao firmly nodded and said each word very clearly, “I’ll do it!”

“Great, having such ambition.” Yang Ziqing nodded her head, “If this is the case, tonight, I’ll be your sparring partner. However, you have to fulfil one condition of mine.” (TL: Nice try there... ED: It’s a date)

“Alright.....”

Su Hao agreed without any thought but he suddenly recalled something. He raised his head, looking at Yang Ziqing, “Except the matter just now.”

Yang Ziqing somehow regretted, “Not even fooled.”

A black line appeared on Su Hao’s face. Even his old blood almost sprayed out. Teacher Yang’s daughter, how much is she afraid that she won’t get married off. She was still a minor yet her mother kept selling her off.

“Rest assured, it’s not about you marrying my daughter. Of course, if you want to marry her at that time, I won’t mind too.”

Yang Ziqing faintly said.

Su Hao quickly waved his hand, “I won’t, I won’t.”

“A.”

Seeing his mood had ease up, Yang Ziqing then clapped her hands, “The remaining time isn’t much. Let me see how much have you improve in fighting technique!”

“Alright!”

Su Hao took his fighting position and got ready to get in action.

*****

Will a lolita join Smooth Hao’s harem?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0028 Combat training
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0028 Combat training

“Start with the one which you need to improve the most.” Yang Ziqing said to Su Hao, who was standing in front of her.

“Yes, teacher.”

Su Hao nodded, took a deep breath, and cast police fighting techniques out from his hands; first starting with beginner level.

Peng!

Peng!

Su Hao began his assault while Yang Ziqing defended with the same beginner police fighting techniques.

While exchanging moves for less than 3 seconds, Su Hao almost lost on the spot. Yang Ziqing seemed to be aware of it and suddenly slowed down the speed of her attacks. Only then was Su Hao able to get himself out from the pinch.

“Your strength is extremely unstable. Relax your mind. First use basic fighting techniques and get yourself familiar with the new strength as soon as possible.”

Yang Ziqing gave her advice.

“En.”

Su Hao nodded, changed to basic fighting techniques, and took the initiative to control his own strength.

Physical fitness increased suddenly from 150 points to 300 points, double the original! Under the burst of terrifying strength, Su Hao was completely unable to gain control of it. Sometimes it was heavy, sometimes it was light. Naturally, the moves being displayed were not effective at all.

After a full half hour later, under the guidance of Yang Ziqing, Su Hao was finally able to fully grasp his own strength. After he familiarized himself with his body’s new upgrade, the moves casted out had become extremely smooth and connected well.

The fighting techniques being displayed by him had been upgraded as well with intermediate police fighting techniques!

Peng!

Peng!

Su Hao directly skipped to intermediate;he exchanged very fast moves with Yang Ziqing.

Seeing the stable state of Su Hao, Yang Ziqing also sped up her speed and occasionally counterattacked a few times. Su Hao’s state was also gradually nearing peak condition. Intermediate police fighting technique had also been mastered more with every passing second.

The experience from the genius Chen Yifeng kept flowing like a steady stream into his mind. With Su Hao’s actual combat experience, he was able to integrate that experience into his attacks well.

“This is great!”

Watching Su Hao improve in such a short period of time, Yang Ziqing nodded in satisfaction. “Can you cast the advanced level?”

“En.”

Su Hao took a deep breath and began to attack with advanced police fighting techniques.

Peng!

Peng!

There was a quick succession of moves, but it had been defeated instantly by Yang Ziqing. Su Hao was not discouraged by it. Instead, he continued attacking with more variation. The quality of his sparring had also improved by a notch, it was a complete level ahead compared to just now.

Yang Ziqing seemed to be more interested now in guiding Su Hao. She wanted him to show each move as much as possible.

Su Hao’s progress was, without doubt, terrifying. In almost just a round of sparring, all the experiences he gained were be integrated into his moves. This is completely far beyond Yang Ziqing’s expectations.

He remembered that during the sparring match with Sun Yaotian, his origin ability at the time was only 6.8. As for his fighting techniques, he had only mastered up to beginner police fighting technique. This also indicates that even Su Hao was to learn the remaining fighting techniques, he wouldn’t be able to master them as his physical fitness was still lacking.

However, now with the enhancement in physical fitness, Su Hao is now able to completely master them and show their full potential.

Obviously, Su Hao had already learned them early on. It’s just that, due to his limited physical fitness, he dared not display them. After all, forcing his own body to do so would only overdraft his body’s condition.

This child, such strong talent!

Not only by practicing, even by just depending on his own memory and eyesight, he will then be able to learn all the moves. This strong talent, definitely unique!

“Su Hao, you’ve already mastered advanced police fighting techniques. Are there any more?” Yang Ziqing casually said.

Su Hao smiled, “There is still one more. Teacher, be careful.”

“Oh?” Yang Ziqing’s eyes shined. “In theory, with physical fitness of 300 points, you will be able to use all fighting techniques. Don’t tell me you have even mastered military fighting techniques?”

Su Hao calmed himself down and took a deep breath. Within his mind, all the information of fighting essence flashed through. A simple, plain fist erupted from his hand.

This fighting essence was totally on a different level from those ordinary fighting techniques. This is where the soul of fighting techniques is. The only strong point of fighting technique is none other than linking moves.

Basic fighting technique linking moves!

Police fighting technique linking moves!

Military fighting technique linking moves!

In other words, when you have mastered all the fighting technique, you can even displayed a set of linking moves from these three main fighting technique.

Linking moves will not suddenly make your attack become more powerful. The meaning of such an existence is to make your fighting have more impact, coherence, and coordination. This is to ensure that the foe does not have any opportunities to fight back.

However, if you have mastered fighting essence....

Then the meaning of linking moves would be entirely different in this case.

When you fight while displaying fighting essence, the body will start to gather traces of origin ability energy. Even when you are displaying the moves, the body will keep gathering energy known as fighting points.

When you attack with the last blow from the moves, you can burst out all the energy!

The more fighting points accumulated, the stronger the power explosion!

When Sun Yaotian won over him last time, he was using fighting points to do so. With only a few moves, that energy explosion was still fresh in Su Hao’s memory.

Peng!

Peng!

Both of them exchanged moves for a while. Yang Ziqing furrowed her brows; although Su Hao’s attacks now were faster than just before and more coherent, overall such changes were still not that great. Where is that military fighting technique?

However, at that time, Su Hao suddenly voiced out, “Teacher, be careful.”

“En?”

Yang Ziqing’s mind was alarmed and instantly saw Su Hao’s kick directed towards her. A terrifying surge of energy burst out at that very moment.

“This is...fighting essence!”

Yang Ziqing’s eyes were illuminated with a flash of light. Without any hesitation, she used all of her strength to confront the incoming attack of Su Hao.

Hong!

Su Hao rolled on the grounded in a relax manner; Yang Ziqing was forced two steps backward. Su Hao began to stabilize his body while a trace of a different radiance could be seen within his eyes.

Fighting essence!

This is truly fighting essence!

Even if Su Hao self-taught military fighting techniques, she would still not be surprised but.....fighting essence, this is not something which you can get a tutorial from Internet. Though the black market does sell it, even at the lowest price it would reach up to 10 million star dollar. Plus, often it will have the price but no stock.

This is the true soul of fighting essence!

Those who dare to spend to more than ten million star dollar to buy fighting essence tutorial, which of them are not from rich family?

Of course, there is still one more possibility. That is, after mastering all three main fighting techniques with complete mastery and slowly comprehending them, perhaps one day you will be able to fully understand them all and create a new kind of fighting essence.

This student had made her more and more surprised.

“This fighting essence, did Chen Yiran give it to you?” Yang Ziqing asked him while having a strange feeling.

Su Hao shook his head, “I got it myself.”

Yang Ziqing nodded and did not ask any further. It was not surprising after all, since Su Hao could get the black market strengthening drug which cost 3 million. “I know you are trying hard to gain money. The tasks outside the city are still dangerous to someone like you. Don’t get too far from the city.”

“En.” Su Hao just answered without putting much thought into it.

“The fighting essence you displayed just now must be your first time right? There are still quite a number of places which you need to fix.” Yang Ziqing faintly said, “Although the last move of yours produce a great strength, the moves before that, you casted them too deliberately. For those who have experience facing this, with just a glance they will be able to guess that you are accumulating fighting points. In such case, they will not give you a chance to link moves and will recklessly assault you directly. Thus, your fighting essence will not have any role here.”

“Then what am I supposed to do?” Su Hao had some doubt, “When I am using fighting essence, I can’t help but let my moves be more coherent and letting them link in a fluid manner.”

Yang Ziqing gave a pointer, “Then hide them. Let the foe not seeing any clue as if you are like your usual self. When you are displaying fighting essence, you must never let anyone detect it and then suddenly burst out all your fighting points at the very last moment, that would be perfect. The deeper you hide them, the more moves you can use in order to accumulate more energy for a burst.”

Su Hao nodded and implanted this advice deeply in his mind.

If he is able to quietly condense 100 fighting points, that sudden burst of strength is definitely enough to tear the king of red jackals into pieces! Such power is definitely terrifying!

Yang Ziqing went to get a remote control out of the room and with a single press of a button, a silver sandbag flew out from within the room and stopped in front of Su Hao.

“This is a seamless sandbag. It is enough to withstand you strength. Try practicing with it. Make sure that when you are casting fighting points, it is the same as your usual combat!”

Yang Ziqing said solemnly, “Only when you have completed this, will you be considered to have true 10.8 origin ability.”

“Otherwise, for the exam the day after tomorrow, your life will definitely not be easy!”

“Yes!”

Su Hao’s eyes lit up. Staring at the sandbag in front of him, a bombardment of fists were directed onto it. There was no sign of relaxation at all. Whenever he is practicing, he will never allow himself to be lazy.

Peng!

Peng peng!

Ha!

Hei!

A series of sounds echoed within the physical examination room. Su Hao entered into the state of cultivation. This was all for the exam which will be held the day after tomorrow.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0029 Theoretical foundation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0029 Theoretical foundation

It was already late when Su Hao went back home.

When he got home, naturally he will not be lacking in reprimands from his mother and sister. Su Hao could only bitterly smile and apologize. However, such a warm atmosphere really made his mind comfortable.

A few hours of continuous fight training without rest had took quite a toll on his body.

From the words of Yang Ziqing, such high intense training, even with help of recovery drug will not help too much. It’ll be best if he just takes a day off tomorrow and has a good rest. By the time he sits for the exam, he will be at the peak state to be sitting for it.

Thus, the next day Su Hao could only obediently go to school for lessons.

He had already completely mastered fighting essence. When he was facing the silver sandbag, if not considering the energy consumption, during Su Hao’s strongest moment he was able to burst out all 36 fighting points, which then caused the silver sandbag to be sent flying off from the hook.

This was his strongest blow ever!

The last day before mock exam, the whole school was in a tense atmosphere.

Su Hao walked into the campus indifferently. This instantly attracted the attention of countless people. They were wondering why he had already recovered completely after suffering such heavy injuries?

To also be able to sit for the exam? This is too unimaginable!

Su Hao swept his gaze. All of them subconsciously avoided his gaze and dared not have any eye contact with Su Hao. The battle between him and Sun Yaotian had even been uploaded to the Internet. This video also showed the madman side of Su Hao, even went all the way to blind Sun Yaotian with origin ability of 9. That action of his showed how much courage he has!

Su Hao smiled indifferently and walked towards the direction of teaching building. However, at that time, he heard countless people sucking cold air. When he looked back, Su Hao himself was surprised too.

Sun Yaotian, he had came back to school.

As always, with an arrogant style, a luxury sport car was parked in front of the campus. Sun Yaotian walked down from the car. Compared to his former self, he was exactly the same but there was only one difference. One of his pupil’s color had become different. But most people still wouldn’t be able to notice it.

“Sun Yaotian? I thought his eyes already....”

“He had been treated well. It’s said that with the latest scientific technology, as long as it hasn’t completed necrosis, you can still connect it back. But the price....gee, indeed he’s worthy to be the descendant of wealthy family.”

“Shhh, lower your voice. Su Hao is just beside. Words said that they wanted to meet each other. I wonder if will there be another incident?”

“Who knows? Don’t speak anymore.”

The whole crowd was holding its breath. After all, this is the first time Su Hao met with Sun Yaotian after that fight to death.

Sun Yaotian walked into the school. His body went stiff the moment he saw Su Hao standing in front of him. Suddenly clenching his right hand, since Su Hao had ruined one of his eyes, he naturally had resentment to Su Hao. His eyes were flashing in hatred.

“Su! Hao!”

Sun Yaotian growled, and slowly walked all the way in front of Su Hao and stared at the face of Su Hao, “You still dare to come to school?”

Su Hao glanced at him; a rare smile appeared from his mouth, “Big prince of Sun, long time no see.”

Everyone in the surrounding crowd twitched their mouth, that other day you just heavily injured people and now you can still smile? Isn’t this just adding fuel to the fire?

“You!” Sun Yaotian was obviously angry.

Su Hao, while looking at him, voiced out in low tone, “Do you want to make your move? Why don’t you try, can I ruin your other eye?”

The anger in Sun Yaotian’s heart flared up to another stage. With his fists tightly clenched, it seemed that an outbreak could occur at any second.

However, at that time, gentle footsteps were approaching. With such a quiet atmosphere, Chen Yiran entered into the scene.

Sun Yaotian and Su Hao turned back to look at her. Chen Yiran was still as usual pure looking and indifferent as if she had not been affected at all.

Seemingly not noticing these two people, Chen Yiran walked past them. It was just at the moment that she passed by them, she dropped a few words, “These two must have not known the school announcement yet right? Since you two were in a huge battle last time, if there’s another time, without doubt you will be expelled from school. Do you two want to try?”

Sun Yaotian was surprised, instantly expelled?

What kind of joke was this!

He who has the grade A origin ability talent, his future potential is infinite. If he’s to brawl with Su Hao and get expelled, not able to enter natural selection class, every plan of his will be gone.

As for Su Hao?

He is just someone with grade E talent. There’s almost no future for him. To be expelled from school with such people?

This is such a huge humiliation!

At this moment, Sun Yaotian finally came to his understanding. With anger he looked at Su Hao, “You dare to scheme against me!”

Su Hao sighed, “Aiya, such a pity. This plan of mine has been noticed. I was quite looking forward to that scene. If both of us were to be expelled and while at it, I destroyed your other eye, it would have been fun.”

“Si—-”

The surrounding crowd were sucking cold air; this Su Hao, such a fierce man!

Sun Yaotian swallowed a bit of his saliva; looking at Su Hao, he concealed his panic and pretended to be calm and walked towards a place a distance away, “For me to be expelled at the same time as such garbage as you, you are not worthy of such.”

Sun Yaotian’s sentence was for the others to listen, and also to comfort himself.

He is, after all, someone who will become stronger in future. Once he enters into the natural selection class, his strength will then improve by leaps and bounds. Su Hao, such a person will only be doomed to be shaken off and fall behind.

When his origin ability reached 20, 30 or 40, Su Hao might still be struggling at 7 or 8 points. At that time, with Su Hao’s weak origin ability, he can easily crush him and destroy him completely. Why is there any need to be rush now?

Yes, I’m just ignoring him. I’m definitely not afraid of him.

Sun Yaotian left, Su Hao’s mouth raised a trace of smile.

Private duel at this time?

And then expelled at the same time?

Even if Sun Yaotian was willing to, he himself won’t do so!

Natural selection class isn’t only an opportunity for Sun Yaotian to improve himself, it’s also the stepping stone of Su Hao’s meteoric rise!

However, to not be bullied, one has to show attitude. If you want to play, I’ll accompany you! You want to die, I will accompany you! By witnessing Su Hao’s crazy performance before, almost everyone believed Su Hao was definitely capable of doing so.

This was the effect that Su Hao wanted.

Also, he was very sure that within the mind of Sun Yaotian, that shadow of failure is gradually expanding....Viper’s scheme against Su Hao had indirectly affected Sun Yaotian’s heart.

With the sinking of his battling heart, even the momentum of courage will be lost too. With just a strong talent, how far can he walk?

The first lesson is the class of his homeroom teacher. Su Hao didn’t want to be lectured by her, so he quickly ran to his class.

With the departure of those three, this little dispute can finally be considered to be over.

The students had all seen the final result of this event. Sun Yaotian and Su Hao came out unscathed. The only difference was that compared to the previous intimacy of Su Hao and Chen Yiran, this time they were like strangers!

In the eyes of the students, this beautiful romance had finally broken apart under the bombardment of heavy giants.

Whether it was in battle or love, Su Hao without doubt was the one who felt the most pain.

At this moment, Su Hao who seemed to be, in the eyes of spectators, as the one who lost the most, was very relaxed and happily reading all the books in his hands. He was slowly analysing each and every page regarding the theory which will be tested in the exam.

He was in a really good mood.

Chen Yiran’s performance was not contrary to his expectations. To the crowd it might seem that their love is over, but Su Hao knew very well that this feeling between them had only just begun.

It started from the moment Chen Yiran was willing to stand in front of him.

What Chen Yiran had to do, she had accomplished it. As for him, he just need to be strong, stronger and stronger!

“En......again the summary of plants outside of this planet.” Su Hao stared at the book in his hands, frowning. “This recent theoretical foundation course was always very interested in studying more about extraterrestrial knowledge.”

Su Hao flipped through the textbooks in his hands. Once again, he revised all the knowledge and remembered as much as possible.

He was struck so many times at 180 points. To progress in theoretical foundation, was really not an easy feat.

Su Hao sighed; the coverage of theoretical foundation is too broad. Not only including the knowledge which could be learned through textbooks, to be able to be one of the factors in determining the origin ability points it also includes actual combat experience, field survival, the outline of battle and also analysis of every material.

This is also the very reason why he was able to get started in combat fast.

Some people with origin ability of 10 only scored 0.5 for theoretical foundation. Also, there are some who scored 1.6 in theoretical foundation, making the remaining points 8.4 for the origin ability!

If you think those who have high scores in theoretical foundation will be easily defeated, then you are wrong!

Theoretical foundation of 1.6 represents a total of 160 points in theoretical knowledge.

Mastering these, when you start making your move, within your mind, countless series of formula might be flashing through your mind. In a short amount of time, you will be able to analyse the power of your punch, whether you need to evade the incoming attack or whether you can evade or not!

If it’s a battle with a berserk beast, with just a look, he will have all the information on that berserk beast. How sharp are the teeth of berserk beast, how much force the teeth can withstand, and also the weaknesses of the beast. Having such information in his mind will be more than enough to overturn a battle.

In other words, in the case of those with the same origin ability, the higher theoretical foundation, the greater the likelihood to win when fighting!

And Su Hao is without doubt one of the best in this field!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0030 Everlasting model
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0030 Everlasting model

“Ding ling ling~”

The school bell rang and all students returned to their seats.

Compared to origin ability cultivation class, theoretical foundation class had an advantage of its own: the classroom is filled with seats. Class teacher Yang Ziqing walked into the classroom from outside. Noticing her class, which was still a bit scattered, she frowned.

“Tomorrow is the exam. Do you all have confidence?” Yang Ziqing asked.

“Yes.”

Sound which was lacking in any confidence echoed from within the classroom. Seeing this, Yang Ziqing was helpless. Regarding her own students’ strength, she could be considered to have a standard class. Among twenty plus students, at least half of them could enroll into ordinary universities. As for the top ten, they should manage to get themselves into those big universities. However, if they can’t perform well tomorrow...

“Su Hao!” Yang Ziqing suddenly shouted.

“Yes!” Su Hao directly stood up.

“What is your target for tomorrow’s mock exam?”

Su Hao faintly said, “Natural selection class.”

“Hua—”

Quite a number of students were in awe; Su Hao, he actually wanted to enter into natural selection class? His origin ability was only 6.8 and he just recovered from serious injury. That is a bit too much courage.

“O? With your origin ability, I’m afraid you have no chance.” Yang Ziqing purposely belittled him.

Su Hao smiled, “Whether I have or not, I need to try before I know right? Even if there’s only a tiny bit of hope, I’ll still grasp it!”

“Good! Sit down.” Yang Ziqing praised and glanced at the other students, not adding any words. Walking to the podium, “Class starts!”

All the students resumed their serious state. Just as Yang Ziqing said, Su Hao even dared to fight to the death two days ago. How could they not have any courage to even fight for the chance of entering universities?

The entrance exam for tertiary education was still far away, but the bare minimum requirement to enrol into Zhanzhang college was 10 points in origin ability. Each and every other universities also have their own standards and requirements. Thus, before then, they must cross the line!

After Su Hao sat down, shook his head while feeling it was somehow funny, and went back into his serious mode reading the books.

He had already master these ordinary courses long ago. Right now, he was reading self learning materials, and what Su Hao emphasized more on is comprehension and analysis.

Basically, with regards to all the theoretical knowledge, especially written ones, Su Hao had already imprinted them deep in his mind.

Up to this point, many people could do the same thing too. Although there was a lot of knowledge that need to be remembered, a full period of 3 years in high school is still enough and manageable for someone to remember them. Plus, in this school, there are many students with gifted talents too.

Su Hao remembered that someone has an origin ability that allows him to have quite a strong memory. That person was almost able to engrave everything he came across in his mind. Even Su Hao was not able to be compared to him. However, his theoretical foundation score was only 160 points.

As mentioned before, theoretical foundation covers a wide range of knowledge. The last 150 points to 200 points, were almost all related to comprehension, analysis, and calculation. Even Su Hao was powerless in front of these foes.

For example, during the previous exam, “If in the middle of desert there is blood ling grass, how would you kill a grassland berserk lion?”

This simple sentence covers almost every scope of knowledge.

First of all, you have to be in the desert to get blood ling grass. You also need to know the berserk beasts around the blood ling grass, their living environment, each and every step. Also, you need to consider how to harvest the grass, since blood ling grass will die when being pulled out.

When you succeed in reaching the grass, if you think everything is over, you are definitely wrong!

One blood ling grass is only capable of killing the lowest level organism in the biological chain. What you are suppose to do is to imagine the whole biological chain of the grassland in your mind. Then, analyse it as to how to use this blood ling grass, which is just like a little butterfly, to disrupt the food chain and ultimately kill the berserk lion in the end.

Su Hao still clearly remembered that there was a student who had the ability to simulate the environment. Because he started to use his ability to deduce the problem, the result ended up with him over consuming his energy and foaming from his mouth, which he had to be hospitalised for.

“This is a really sad reminder. Isn’t this just courting your own death? Seems that of the last 20 points, I can strive to get one or two additional points.”

Su Hao shook his head. Every time he thought of that student, he would always find it funny.

He’s not even strong, yet dared to simulate the environment which covers nearly half of Earth. If you could really simulate the entire global environment, then wouldn’t that make you into a God?

Sneering, Su Hao’s mind was suddenly shaken.....Simulating the whole Earth?

Su Hao’s eyes flashed in a bright color. He vaguely remembered that after his origin ability had undergone mutation, his heart was filled with excitement and fanaticism. He could build character models and analyse the character ability. Then..........If he established a model for the whole world, doesn’t this mean.......

He could analyse the ability of the whole world?

He knew that this idea is too fanatical and without doubt suicidal!

Once he dared to do so, there would only be one consequence, which was the same as the student earlier on. With foam forming from the mouth and unconscious, his mind suffered a shock which eventually caused him to lose his own origin ability too.

But, does the strong one dare to do so?

Su Hao wasn’t sure. However, he knew that his origin ability was model analysis and not environment simulation!

After establishing model, he can bit by bit, from the smallest part slowly analyse the whole world model within his mind. There will definitely be a day when the whole world’s knowledge appears in his mind and is ready to be used.

Of course, saying this now was a bit too far ahead.

However, at least he could start from these herbs and berserk beast models!

“Herb models, can I create them?” Su Hao’s naked eyes flashed. Looking at the picture of one herb within the book, he began to activate his ability.

Model analysis, start!

“Model selection completed.....Model is being created....Model creation failed.....”

His mind, which had not even started building model, instantly bailed out. Su Hao’s mind was shaken. Is his mind only capable of creating a model of animals and not non-animal models?

Su Hao frowned. Taking out a pencil, model analysis, start!

“Model selection completed.....Model analysis...........Model is established.....Model establishment completed.....”

As if he had recovered, Su Hao looked into his mind. Sure enough, there was an additional little pencil model, quietly floating in the middle of his brain. This was exactly the same as the pencil which he was holding.

Success!

Seems that I can establish non-animal models too. This also meant that as for the herb model which he failed in establishing, that was because he didn’t see the real one with his eyes. Naturally, he won’t be able to analyse it.

This so-called model analysis, only after seeing the real body will he be able to create a model and analyse it.

Having understood, Su Hao was more at ease in his mind. After the class, he would pay a visit to the school laboratory.

Noticing that there were still a few more minutes before class ends, Su Hao went back into his mind and this time, slowly admired those few cards and the pencil.

In the past, whenever he established a model , it wouldn’t remain in his mind.

Su Hao curiously looked at the pencil model. A line of text appeared on top of the pencil model, which gave some introduction about it which was no difference from the real life pencil.

Su Hao selected the little pencil and a message popped out.

“Do you want to convert it into permanent model?”

Su Hao’s eyes shined. Yes, this is what he wanted!

Every time, no matter what model he built, it could only exist for a moment. So, these models can also be converted into permanent models!

“Convert!”

Once Su Hao selected it, a stream of warm origin ability energy flew from within his body and disappeared into his mind. This time, Su Hao noted that the pencil model in his mind was now even more realistic, with a trace of additional energy.

And the energy consumption was exactly one percent. For someone like Su Hao who had mastered advanced origin ability cultivation, one percent is still a huge amount.

Su Hao was suddenly very interested. After repeated attempts, he managed to get the desired result.

Ordinary model analysis, whether it’s a character model or an item model, the consumption was almost negligible. However, to establish permanent model, the consumption rate was extremely scary.

Pencil, notebook, these smaller items models were still manageable. But, when Su Hao tried establishing a model of Yang Ziqing, the result was instant failure on the spot.

The consumption rate was too fast. When the progress had gone one percent, Su Hao immediately halted the process. Because with the current rate progression, even if he was to deplete all his energy, he would only manage to build a tiny fraction of the model.

This time, Su Hao could only give up.

“En, after the class, I will go have a look at laboratory. All those herb models, I will establish them all. This way, maybe it will provide some help during my exam later on.”

Su Hao was very pleased with his findings. Since other aspects will have to be temporarily stopped in their progress, if his theoretical foundation could be enhanced even a tiny bit, there will definitely be some improvement in the mock exam assessment.

Such an opportunity, he will never let it go.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0031 Mysterious black box
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0031 Mysterious black box

After class ended, Su Hao went directly to the school laboratory.

The scope of the laboratory was huge. Each and every cold apparatus was filled with herbs preserved with a special liquid. Almost all possible samples on this Earth were available there.

Naturally, he came here last time to study for the theoretical foundation examination as well.

He would almost never miss paying a visit here in preparation for the exam. However, this time his aim was different than the previous ones.

“Su Hao, you came.”

A few laboratory teachers nodded at Su Hao as Su Hao greeted each of them.

Many of the herbs were here as specimens or as ingredients for drug production. Su Hao’s goal was neither of those. After bypassing the student laboratory’s main door, Su Hao walked directly towards the corridor behind the laboratory. After reaching the end of the corridor, Su Hao smiled and pushed open the door in front of him.

The moment the door was opened, a burst of herbal aroma permeated in the air.

Inside, there was a sun-like warmth and an atmosphere that was as if one were at a hot spring. What Su Hao now saw with his eyes was a beautiful garden.

This was the base where all sort of herbs were planted and fully emulated the natural environment and habitat of the herbs.

In general, students weren’t actually allowed to be there, but due to Su Hao’s frequent visits to the laboratory starting two years ago, coupled with his theoretical foundation score of 180 points, he was naturally popular among the teachers there. Thus, later on, he was allowed and gained the permission to access the garden.

Su Hao quickly walked in front of the first herb. He muttered to himself, “I’ll start from you then.....”

Model analysis, start!

Shua!

A model of the herb was established in his mind. Without any hesitation, Su Hao selected the option for permanent model. After completion, he went straight to the next one.

Like a madman, Su Hao stared at each and every herb with a serious expression. Within his mind, countless models of herbs were established.

When the energy within his body had been completely depleted, Su Hao finally snapped out of it. When he looked at the space in his mind, there were a total of 78 models!

78 herbs were floating within his mind. Those herbs were messily appearing all over the place. This scene made Su Hao frown as he was a bit worried.

The state of his mind was very strange. Although Su Hao could see many things which seemed to be normal, the overall environment of his mind space was grotesque and varied. There were numerous strange rays of light, purple spots, and also some complicated mixtures of colors. It wasn’t like the state of mind which scientists had claimed to exist, an endless hollow of darkness.

“Such a mess!”

Su Hao sat cross-legged. A bottle of beginner origin ability energy restoration was consumed. Silks of golden rays flashed around his body; the origin ability energy within his body began to restore.

This bottle was from yesterday, where class teacher Zhang Ziqing prepared a few bottles for him after training. These were all regular and legal drugs to ensure that he would be in the perfect condition for the examination.

Very soon, Su Hao recovered completely.

“It’s too messy within my mind!”

“If this continues, I’m afraid I’ll become crazy before I finish establishing the models!”

Su Hao pondered for a moment. Looking at the surrounding herbal garden, his mind suddenly moved. Since establishing more herb models would be too difficult, why not start from this herbal garden then?

“Model analysis, start!”

“Hua—”

The establishment of model began. Soon, within the space inside Su Hao’s mind, a model of the herbal garden with a radius of only about 1 meter appeared. Yes, with such small model, Su Hao had madly established a model of the entire herbal garden.

A small herbal garden was more than enough for Su Hao to place all the 78 herbs established in his mind neatly.

Instantly, the space in his mind became very clean.

Su Hao nodded with satisfaction and once again resumed his herb model establishment.

Su Hao immersed himself there the whole day.

Establishing models, restoring origin ability energy, and then continuing to establish models. In a day, ten whole bottles of beginner recovery drug were depleted. When Su Hao’s origin ability energy depleted more than halfway, only then did he stop his actions.

A total of 360 herbs!

“The herbal garden is already saturated!” Su Hao looked at the little herb models packed together within the garden and nodded with satisfaction. For now, he would have to settle with this amount.

This was the last day for any effort.

When he came out of laboratory, the sky had already turned dark.

The students in the campus had gradually left. They were all back home preparing for the big exam tomorrow. Walking alone in the open space of the campus, Su Hao felt a sense of loss which was hard to explain.

While wandering aimlessly, without knowing, he had reached the nearby park.

“How come I came here again....”

Su Hao smiled bitterly. All the events that happened these past few days had caused him to subconsciously avoid this place, but at this moment, right now, he was shaken. By the lake there was a young girl with white clothes, hugging her own shoulders while sitting there.

When the breeze passed by it seemed to be quite cold, as she tightened her skintight clothes.

“Chen Yiran...... ”

Su Hao whispered to himself. Despite having heavy injuries, he didn’t feel bitter at all because he knew very well that that person was suffering more than him.

Su Hao wanted to reveal himself but he knew that he shouldn’t do so.

There must be guards besides Chen Yiran. If he went ahead revealing himself to others, he might even bring more trouble for her.

Revealing a bit of his smile, Su Hao picked up four stones from the ground. He weighed the stones with his hand for a bit before throwing them towards the direction of Chen Yiran.

Sou!

It was strong like a tornado!

Of course, with Su Hao’s physical fitness of 300, the stones that shot out were extremely powerful.

“Who?”

Chen Yiran shouted with her cold voice, the four stones directly passed beside her body and slammed into the lake.

A man in black suddenly appeared at the side of Chen Yiran, rushing out from within the woods. Su Hao’s figure flashed and disappeared into the woods. The man in black quickly gave chase.

Chen Yiran’s figure didn’t move at all. Although the figure had disappeared extremely quick, she still managed to catch a glimpse of it. Without doubt, it was Su Hao’s figure.

With Su Hao’s ability of 10.8, he was telling her in his own way that he’s progressing at a rapid rate!

A trace of a sweet smile appeared on Chen Yiran’s lips. “4 years, really? Fool, I will wait for you then....”

Regardless of how indifferent or strong Chen Yiran was, she was after all still a young girl who was starting to experience her first love.

Inside the woods, Su Hao fled as fast as he could.

After several twists and turns, he was finally able to shake off the man in black. When he exited the woods, he was in quite a sorry state. That short moment where he appeared pathetic soon disappeared into thin air completely.

Tomorrow’s exam, he’ll definitely rush into natural selection class!

“Sun Yaotian, see you at the natural selection class. At that time, I’ll use my absolute advantage and let your heart sink into the shadow of despair! What Sun family brought upon me, I’ll definitely return it all back to you!”

When he got home, a nice aroma filled his nostrils.

For tomorrow’s mock exam, his mother Li Xiaoru prepared a lot of nutritious dishes for him.

“Mom, I’m back.”

“En, go wash your hands quickly. The rice is ready and waiting for you.”

“Alright.”

Su Hao replied and after washing his hands, the family of three soon sat at the dining table and enjoyed their meal.

“Mom, this must have taken quite a sum of money.” Su Ling wrinkled her little nose, muttered to herself, “When other people have exams, I’ve never seen you giving such nice treatment. This is unfair.”

Su Hao automatically took a few pieces of meat and put them in his sister’s bowl. “Now you must be satisfied, right?”

“En en, Bro is indeed the best.” Su Ling nodded.

Su Hao and his mother Li Xiaoru smiled at Su Ling’s childish behaviour.

As the family of three ate, Su Hao feel that the atmosphere was a tiny bit different. His mother seemed to be hesitant and wanted to say something.

“Mom, do you have anything you want to say?” Su Hao took the initiative and asked.

Li Xiaoru sighed, “I thought you didn’t have talent. Accompanying me in the future, doing some small business and peacefully living within the city during your lifetime. Never have I expected that you would still insist walking down such road too.”

Su Hao put his chopsticks on the table, laughed, “Mom, isn’t sister a genius?”

Li Xiaoru shook her head, “Ling Er is different. She will be married off to another family in the future and has the chance to get into a good family. But you....”

“Hey, you two, the person involved is still here, you know!” Su Ling tapped on the table with dissatisfaction. Li Xiaoru smiled and rubbed Su Ling’s head, “You never grow up.”

After going to her room, Li Xiaoru quickly returned. She took out an item and gave it to Su Hao.

There was a little bar shaped box, with the whole body inscribed with a mysterious dark blue pattern. When Su Hao held the box, a heavy, icy feeling was transmitted to his palm.

“Mom, what is this?”

Li Xiaoru replied, “I am not sure either. Your dad left a message that if you have the opportunity to enter Zhanzheng college, I was to pass this box to you.”

“Really....”

In the middle of the little box, there was an area with circular pattern. When Su Hao put his finger on top of it, suddenly a burst of mechanical sounds came from the box itself.

“Fingerprint verification.....Fingerprint verification failed.....Origin ability detection.....Condition has not been met: Activation failed.”

What kind of situation is this?

Su Hao was surprised, with his origin ability of 10.8, unexpectedly he couldn’t even activate such small box?

In their eyes, his father was someone who’s a kind, ordinary martial art instructor. Occasionally he loves bragging about himself but the truth is that he failed to keep up with others’ strength, so he’s just joking with everyone.

Where did he get this mysterious item?

“Don’t think too much about it. Just concentrate on your exam. When you improve your strength, naturally you’ll be able to open it.” While facing her son, Li Xiaoru said, “Eat the rice first. The dishes are going to get cold.”

“Alright!”

After Su Hao recovered from the shock, he seriously seriously.

Such a mysterious box was a gift to his son. This had changed the ordinary image of his dad into a mysterious one in Su Hao’s eyes. However, he knew that once his origin ability has improved, the secret will be revealed!

After dinner, Su Hao accompanied his mother and talked a bit.

Soon, Su Hao went back to his own room. Sitting cross-legged, he immersed himself in cultivating his origin ability.

Why did dad say that only if I have the chance to enter Zhanzheng College, I’m to be given this item? Don’t tell me that Zhanzheng College and my dad have some relation?

Zhanzheng College, now Su Hao had one more reason to enroll in it!

But before that.....

“Natural selection class, I’ll definitely enter it!”

*****

Smooth Hao’s mum appeared again after awhile and even his dad was mentioned in this chapter. Things are getting more interesting.

And yea, sorry for taking such a long break. I was busy doing stuff related to my site as I am moving from blogger to wordpress and new server too. Finally, everything is settled and expect more releases from me!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0032 One explosive shock after another
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0032 One explosive shock after another

The following day, Su Hao arrived at school early in the morning.

This time, starting from the school’s main gate, there was already an extremely strict examination of the students’ identities. Su Hao took a step forward, and once the scanner detected his identity, all sort of informations about him showed up.

The security guard took a look at him. Only after making sure that Su Hao is a student at the school did he let Su Hao enter into the school.

After reaching the site for the examination, again there were several teachers in charge for the second inspection ensuring that the students’ identities match the database. A full body scan was performed to confirm their identities before the candidates were allowed to enter into the examination site.

Trying to substitute the candidate?

In your dream!

With students entering the school through the gate one by one, after 10 am the school completely sealed off, which meant that the exam officially began!

During the period of the mock exam, the entire school closed and prohibited anyone from entering the compound.

All teachers participated in the school’s patrol as they were in high alert against any intrusion.

As for the examination’s assessment? In order to ensure fairness, teachers aren’t allowed to take part in it. Now such a task is given to the AI system. As for the system, it was exactly the same as the college entrance examination.

“Ding—class assignments for grading have finished. All students please follow the sequence and enter the respective class for grading.”

Since the announcement had been made through the sound system, Su Hao immediately opened his phone. When the class assignments finished, the details were sent to the respective students in the form of text messages.

Su Hao then walked towards the class that was assigned to him. At the corridor, a few students who forgot to bring their phones had sweat on their foreheads and were busy helping themselves in the information counter in order to find their class assignments.

The first round of examination, theoretical foundation!

All students were sitting on the seat assigned within the class. After everyone had sat comfortably, Su Hao felt a booming sensation in front of him. The environment surrounding the seat changed; the theoretical foundation examination officially started!

In the eyes of Su Hao, all students had disappeared. Surrounded by a 3D virtual simulation screen, a transparent screen which had a space for him to fill in the answer appeared in front of him.

“Hou—”

A roar echoed, a huge, red ancient dragon appeared from far away. Facing Su Hao, it roared again. Su Hao was motionless and just stared at the dragon passing by. Then a question appeared on the black screen in front of him, “What was the name of that organism just now?”

Su Hao smiled indifferently. He then wrote on the screen ‘Fishy Wind Dragon’.

“Please fill in the features....”

Su Hao wrote down the features of the ‘Fishy Wind Dragon.’

“Please identify its gender...”

Su Hao then wrote the gender of ‘Fishy Wind Dragon.’

“Please.....”

This was the simplest question and also the most basic organism identification. With the 3D virtual screen to simulate the environment, basically nobody would be able to see anything but themselves and the transparent screen in front of them.

And from the system surveillance screen, you would be able to see the expressions of each student, some of them were frowning, some of them looked indifferent, and some were even showing a crying face. Nearly all students were facing the same virtual simulation with their fingers dancing on the transparent screen.

In front of the teachers’ block, a huge screen 8 meters large gradually appeared within their sight. As if the students were all accustomed to such a scene, they quickly ran over.

Here, the screen would displayed the result of the examination to the public. Of course, the huge screen only shows the top 100 students who have the highest probability of being the 100 lucky ones to enter the natural selection class.

With the results being updated all the time due to several rounds of different examination segments, when the final list is confirmed at the end of the exam, that will naturally be the name list of the students entering the natural selection class!

Countless first and second year high school students rushed over to the screen, forming a huge crowd. For now, the 100 names on the screen were still empty. Obviously the first test was not over yet, but that didn’t prevent the crowd from staying there, excitedly staring at the screen. A group of students and also many parents were there having their own discussion while waiting for the list to appear.

Below the huge screen, there were several girls from the second year, with an excited look enjoying the scene in front of them.

A young girl named Hua Chi expressed her excitement. “Wow, such a huge screen. Those names which appear on the screen, they must be so happy.”

A girl next to her replied with disdain. “Hua Chi, this is nothing at all. If I wanted to appear, obviously I would be in the top 10.”

“Pu......” Hua Chi leaked her laugh. “Xiao Yezi, people like Su Ling still haven’t said anything yet and you are trying to act cool.”

Su Ling silently looked at her two friends, “You two, stop messing around.”

Hua Chi noticed the nervous expression of Su Ling and suddenly recalled, “Oh, Su Ling, you brother is also in third year. In other words, very soon his result will be out right?”

Xiao Yezi got really excited out of nowhere. “O yea, Brother Su Hao, my idol. After the completion of theoretical foundation, the first name to appear on the screen will definitely be him.”

“En, it will definitely be my brother.”

Su Ling secretly nodded and cheered for her brother in her heart. How many times has her brother earned 180 points. Today won’t be an exception either.

“Hehe, this might not be certain.”

A voice suddenly interrupted the girls. They then turned their head over and saw a girl not wearing a school uniform. Instead she was now wearing a miniskirt with a pair of big gold earrings hanging on her ears. With a contemptuous look, she stared at the three, “Poor will always be poor. Why don’t you think first, first place is something you all can dream of?”

“Yue Qing, it’s actually you!” Su Ling looked at the girl in front of her. She was the same as Su Ling, belonging to the geniuses of the second year. Her origin ability was approaching 9 points. Naturally, compared to their family background, Su Ling was just a poor little girl.

However, all the teachers and instructors like poor students like Su Ling. With them carefully investing in her, their action really angered Yue Qing.

Over a period of time, the two had completely became true enemies and rivals.

“Hhmmphh! You are just jealous that my friend Su Ling is more popular than you.” Xiao Yezi continued, “Plus, Brother Su Hao has always scored 180 points in theoretical foundation during examinations, which is the highest score. Who can compared with him?”

“Ignorance!”

Yue Qing coldly sneered, “It’s not that there are no other people that could be compared to him, it’s just that many do not participate in the examination. Not wanting to waste time at school, most just go for home study instead. In general, the school tutor standard, how could it compete with the private tutors which our family spend lots of money to invite them over? Thus, being in school is just like hanging out around for us.”

“But this time....hehe, with the places of natural selection class enrolment as prize, it will be completely different. All those people will naturally attend the examination. With only those who I know, there are already more than 10! And for each of them, they are all gifted with strong talent! At least, there are more talented than I. Do you think your brother has any chance?”

Once Yue Qing finished her statement, those three girls’ minds tightened.

What Yue Qing said was true, they had also heard of similar rumours. Previous years, there were students of such kind. Surprisingly, this turned out to be true!

Although Yue Qing’s character isn’t good, at least her talent is considered very good.

If there are geniuses with greater talent than her in the third year....then Su Hao’s exam would really become dangerous.

A few people took a quick glimpse. None of them had a good facial color. Su Ling’s gaze right now didn’t need to be mentioned. Pinching her dress, she stared at the screen nervously. Instead of having a debate with Yue Qing, she was more worried about her brother’s circumstances. This was because everyone was aware that theoretical foundation is the only opportunity Su Hao had to pull a huge lead.

Originally, Su Ling was very happy when Su Hao’s origin ability reached 10 points. But if there is a sudden influx of a huge number of said rich students, the result is no longer obvious and clear anymore.

Xiao Yezi of course won’t think much about it, staring at Yue Qing with her hateful expression, “Hmmppphhh, even in school, there are a lot students studying too. Even Chen Yiran isn’t an exemption. But her theoretical foundation still falls behind Su Hao?”

Yue Qing sneered and was lazy to talk with her, “In a few minutes you will know.”

“Heh, there is still half an hour before the theoretical foundation exam ends.” Xiao Yezi looked at the time, “How could in a few minutes....”

“Ding!”

A loud notification sound from the screen interrupted Xiao Yezi.

Everyone looked up at the screen and almost everyone was in an uproar. Theoretical foundation, the first name had already appeared on the screen. What was more terrifying was this time the score was as high as 182 points!

This was higher than the previous record of 180 points, 2 points more!

Moreover, this person’s name, they had never heard it before. Bai Lingfeng?

This person not only handed his answer script earlier but even directly broke Su Hao’s record!

This was terrifying.

Who is Bai Lingfeng?

“Bai Lingfeng, genius of Bai family. Although in Jianghe’s city the Bai family is only considered as a second rate wealthy family, you all can still look up to them. This is just the beginning. Just wait for for abit, there will be more such candidates.” Yue Qing casually said.

The three girls nervously looked at the name list on the screen. What Yue Qing said was true.

As she mentioned earlier, it was just the beginning.

After half an hour passed, they were able to notice countless names which they had never seen before appear on the screen. Plus, they all had high points, 170, 175. Even the lowest one scored 160 points. With these people, they had already almost occupied top 20. The emergence of new names one by one displaced other names down the top 20 list.

With countless names which they had never seen before, the students were extremely shocked.

This year, the students’ result were all far beyond the examination of other people. Even the high school teachers were quite shocked with the results. Naturally, they were happy with students scoring high marks.

But what happened in front of them, such situation really turned them down.

One by one, all those names which they had never heard of, all occupying the top 20 list. This was as if it is throwing water on their face, telling everyone that all the teachers were not working. Teaching for a few years but the outcome is still the same, isn’t it? Not even one managed to get into top 20.

Regardless of how everyone’s mood was right now, in fact, the screen once again refreshed the name list for theoretical foundation result.

This time, with just 5 minutes remaining, Bai Lingfeng, who occupied the first place, had been kicked off and replaced with a new name, Zhou Wang!

*****

Will Smooth Hao get full marks? Well, I have decided that from next chapters onwards, they will be released around 12 am GMT+8. So, set your alarm for that ?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0033 Stunning everyone!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0033 Stunning everyone!

Zhou Wang!

A domineeringly incomparable name.

A terrifying result of 186 points, exactly 4 points above of Bai Lingfeng!

Zhou Wang, the eldest son of Zhou Family, was also the only son in the family. His family managed a big business and was definitely not below the Chen or Sun families. Their son naturally won’t be that bad compared to the Chen Yifeng and Viper from that year.

This was the so-called stealth war.

“Big Brother Zhou Wang?” Yue Qing exclaimed with her small mouth opened widely. Apparently she was quite surprised too, “Even Big Brother Zhou Wang has appeared, this is too incredible!”

Noticing the puzzled expression on Su Ling’s and the other girls’ faces, Yue Qing proudly looked up with great satisfaction, “Big Brother Zhou Wang is the only son of Zhou family. You girls should know the Zhou family right, one of the four giants in Jianghe City? However, what makes Zhou Wang different from the others is that he has a very formidable tutor.”

“Although I have never met the tutor before, that tutor is said to have graduated from Zhanzheng college and is very strong. I originally thought that Big Brother Zhou Wang would only appear during the last college examination, but unexpectedly he even wanted to enter natural selection class. Enrolling in natural selection class, is it really that beneficial?”

Those words of Yue Qing had really made the girls shocked in their mind.

Zhanzheng College, only those in the top ranks within the natural selection class have the opportunity to get selected to be enrolled. Thus Zhou Wang’s tutor was, without doubt, very powerful. Even such a person requested Zhou Wang to participate in the mock exam to enrol in natural selection class. Seems that the natural selection class was the best ladder to enter into Zhanzheng college!

“Well, are you convinced now?” Looking at the shocked expression on the girls, Yue Qing suddenly voiced out with her proud tone.

Hua Chi wanted to talk back but was pulled back by Su Ling, who shook her head lightly. Her brother was now in the examination and she had no interest in playing with Yue Qing’s, such a little girl’s jealous game.

However, even if she endured, it didn’t mean that Xiao Yezi could do so. Not being convinced, Xiao Yezi replied back, “Hmmppphh, so what? Brother Su Hao still hasn’t finish the examination. I thought the examination was still ongoing.”

Yue Qing shook her head, smiling, “Theoretical foundation, this isn’t his first time taking it. If you know the answer, you will know but if you don’t, no matter what it will still be futile. There’s no chance to guess the answer right. For such people, as long as they know, they would have answered all the questions and finished already. If only until the end, he still couldn’t finish it, it only shown his lack of ability to answer all the questions.”

“Even though he can’t finish answering the questions, he still dares to compete with Big Brother Zhou Wang?” Yue Qing teasingly laughed, and looked at the watch on her wrist, “There are only 20 seconds left, Su Ling’s brother still wants to compete? That’s a total joke!”

Xiao Yezi clenched her fists while raising them. Luckily, Su Ling quickly stopped her and continued staring at the huge screen.

Per the rules of the theoretical foundation exam, nobody was allowed to leave even if he or she was to send the answer script earlier. But, they are allowed to spend their time searching for information on the Internet, watching some movies with the transparent virtual screen or get some 3D simulations to play with. This was the privilege of those who sent their script earlier.

In the past, Su Hao was definitely one of the earliest to send the answer script.

However, this time, even until the very final few seconds, he still didn’t send his answer script. Apparently, he had stumbled upon a very hard question. This really caused everyone to lose their last hope.

At this point, the top 20 list were occupied by those terrifying and unknown names. Even Chen Yiran was pushed down to number 22. This was too surprising.

“Ding!”

When the last second passed, the examination finally officially ended. The name list on the screen refreshed yet again!

Those names at the end of the list naturally had a substantial change. But the names at the top 20 list, the position was still the same. The top 20 was still monopolised by that group of students.......Huh? Something wasn’t right here!

“Hua—”

An uproar echoed, as the crowd stared at the screen. Those originally in the top 20, there was no change indeed. Even the order was the same too. But the only difference was that there was a name quietly slipped into the first rank which then caused all the names to be pushed down by a number.

Su Hao! 190 points!

Such a simple line of text, yet it shocked almost everyone on the scene!

190 points!

It’s really 190 points!

This name list, how long had it been since one with 190 points appeared?

Zhou Wang with his absolute advantage of 4 points had kicked Bai Lingfeng off the first placing but Su Hao, with the same absolute advantage of 4 points, kicked the whole top 20 list down a notch.

190 points!

This was simply incomparable!

All the teachers, at the same time exposed a refreshed expression and feeling of being proud. You took the top 20 list so what? Now, you can only have 19 places.

You aren’t trying to show off?

First rank belongs to our student, which we pain heartedly taught!

Your tutors had a done good job in teaching you all? But the first rank belongs to Su Hao!

You monopolised the top 20 list? The first is still Su Hao!

You intended to amaze the crowd? The first place belongs to Su Hao still!

This was such a lovely scene. Each and every teacher at the school was so proud. As for the others, they didn’t care much. After all, there were a total of 5 tests, 4 normal tests and 1 comprehensive test. Su Hao having the absolute first in theoretical foundation, the win itself had a very important significance.

With great excitement, Su Ling and co hugged each other.

“Did you see that, 190 points, this is my brother!” Su Ling exclaimed in excitement. To this talented girl, most of the time, when she looked at her brother working so hard all the way from origin ability of 3, struggling desperately to break into 4 points, and not willing to even take a nap at night, she really wished not to have this talent and give it to him instead.

Every time when she heard of her being talented and her brother being trash, she felt so much heartache for her brother. Only she knew how hard working her brother was at home.

Everytime, she wanted to reply loudly to them, “My brother is not worse than you!”

But she couldn’t. She knew that doing so would bring more pressure to him instead. Even when her brother had reached 10 points in origin ability, she still wouldn’t say he must be enrolled into which college. But at least now, she could openly said it out loud, “My brother is definitely not worse than you!”

Her tears falling off had really made Xiao Yezi and Hua Chi go into panic. “Su Ling, Xiao Ling Er, what happen?”

“Nothing.” A smile appeared on Su Ling’s face while tears fell off, “I........ am happy for my brother.”

She knew that this was just the beginning!

From now on, her brother would use his own strength to prove who was the real true legend in the end!

Looking at the excited expression on Su Ling and her friends’ faces, Yue Qing didn’t have any words to say. Raising her head up to look at the screen, those two words seemed to be as heavy as Mountain Tai, pressuring Zhou Wang until he was gasping for air.

Big Brother Zhou Wang, he failed?

“Su Hao, that nerd.” Yue Qing finally voiced out. “Without doubt, his other results are so bad. Obviously his origin ability is only 6.8. O nope, now it should be 6.9. Theoretical foundation could only increase by a few points.”

“Too bad! No matter how strong, it’s still only theoretical foundation.” Yue Qing disdainly said.

Next to her, Su Ling wiped off her tears and stood in front of Yue Qing, “What, after losing, you can only say such words?”

Yue Qing’s eyes were shaken, staring at Su Ling, “Your brother being excellent in theoretical foundation, who still doesn’t know that? Don’t tell me that he still wants to compete in other tests?”

“What is the next exam?” Su Ling looked at Xiao Yezi.

Xiao Yezi replied, “Combat method.”

“Excellent!” Su Ling looked at Yue Qing, “I will absolutely not tolerate anyone laughing at my brother. Combat methods, do you dare to bet?”

“Bet with what?”

Su Ling pointed at the screen above, “My brother definitely will be in the top 10!”

Yue Qing turned her head and looked at her who was as if she were a girl purged into madness, “Su Ling, the amount of students in school mastering advanced basic fighting technique is small. Your brother being able to master beginner police fighting technique is indeed strong. But you think that those monsters won’t master that? Even while relying on their own ability, at least 10 would be able to master that fighting technique!”

Su Ling stared at her indifferently, “I am asking you, do you dare to bet or not?”

Yue Qing sneered, “I am obviously not afraid to do so. What are we betting?”

“10 thousand star dollars.” Su Ling looked at her, “If I lose I’ll give you 10 thousand star dollars. If I win, I want an apology from you to my brother!”

Xiao Yezi and Hua Chi who were next to her quickly pulled Su Ling over, “Xiao Ling Er, are you mad. Where do you have 10 thousand star dollars? It’s not worth it to let off your gas on her.”

“Heng!” Yue Qing coldly smiled, “I will not take it cheap from you. If you lose, 10 thousand star dollars, I will gladly accept it. If you brother really enters the top 10, I will not only apologize to him but also give you 10 thousand star dollars! If he manages to get first place then I’ll give you one hundred thousand star dollars!”

“Good!”

Su Ling had a glance at her and turned away, no longer bothering with her.

This time, she bet with the 10 thousands star dollar which her brother gave. Now, she will definitely not allow anyone to look down on her brother. Perhaps she was a bit childish, but she is indeed still a child.

The great uproar was not only here. Even those big wealthy families were shocked when they had the name list in their hands. Unfortunately, those taking the examination did not know about the scene which caused such a storm in the school!

*****

Let me tell you a secret. Our beloved editor, drpetro secretly told me that this chapter is so good that he wished not to share with you all. Haha...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0034 Combat exam
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0034 Combat exam

It was a simple theoretical foundation exam and yet so much controversy had occurred. That was really unexpected.

In order to not affect the progress of the mock exam, only when the final exam was finished would the candidates be allowed contact with the outside world. Thus, they didn’t know anything which happen outside of the exam site.

At this time, Bai Lingfeng, with his confident look, prepared for the upcoming exam. He seemed to think about his sudden emergence, which would shock everyone on the scene.

Zhou Wang was also brimming with a proud color [ED: No homo]. There was one regret though, due to not taking this examination a few years earlier, that in his eyes only Chen Yifeng and Viper were qualified to compete with him. The rest were just ants. Now, he was completely at ease sitting for the examination.

Many famous students also had confident expressions.

Within the hall of theoretical foundation test, after the test ended, Su Hao stretched his body. This time he was quite satisfied with his performance. The final question, which was full of complexity, was far beyond his imagination. Fortunately, the herbs knowledge which he prepared beforehand played their role.

Su Hao took advantage of his herb garden, and all of the herbal models there, to carry out various experiments. Such a procedure delayed him nearly half an hour, but luckily he managed to get the answer he wanted in the end.

Although he didn’t manage to get full marks on this question, he was pretty close.

After the theoretical foundation exam there was a half an hour break. The following exam was none other than combat methods!

Leisurely leaving the hall, a lot of students were now gathering at the central square of the building. Each and every student were discussing the questions in the exam just now, how hard, how easy, and how popular they were.

In fact, almost every time the situation after the exam was like that.

Besides the fountain, a youngster with gray hair was standing. With both hands behind his back and an appearance of a proud heavenly son, he was emitting a very strong aura which caused nobody to dare come within 5 meters of him.

How arrogant he looked!

As if he noticed the gaze of Su Hao, the youngster looked up and saw Su Hao for a second. His eyes were endlessly cold. With a smile, Su Hao nodded at him before he turned his figure and left.

The youngster seemed to be stunned; he even nodded at him?

This student, he really didn’t know who he was?

In fact, Su Hao really didn’t know him. Even if he knew, he wouldn’t care about it. After taking a few steps, he happened to stumble upon Chen Yiran, who was walking in his direction.

When both them caught a glimpse of each other, apparently they were startled. Never did they expect that they would meet in such way.

Su Hao was the first one who recovered from the shock. Watching that figure with a full white dress, the indifferent yet elegant Chen Yiran seemed to have quite a good time. But from her gaze, Su Hao noticed that there was something missing inside.

They hadn’t met for a few days, so naturally she would miss him.

When both of them faced each other, the atmosphere between them was warm.

But it was very clear that there would be someone who would break that atmosphere. For example, the guy who was currently running towards them, Sun Yaotian.

Su Hao slightly nodded, “Hi.”

“Hello.” Chen Yiran replied with her sweet smile.

Subsequently, both of them passed each other.

When Sun Yaotian madly rushed over there, his face was bright red. Su Hao and Chen Yiran had just said hello to each other, for a total of not even 2 seconds, and had no other contact.

But something was hard to explain. Sun Yaotian once again felt his head burning.

Obviously, those two didn’t even say anything to each other!

Sun Yaotian was almost driven mad by his actions. In the end, he could only blame his deep hatred of Su Hao. Noticing that Chen Yiran had walked away, he quickly followed her.

It was just that he suddenly noticed the view at his side. Turning his head while feeling annoyed, he was shocked by the sight. Looking at the youngster near the fountain, Sun Yaotian felt that it was as if his soul was about to leave his body. Quickly lowering his head, he turned around and resumed chasing Chen Yiran.

Zhou Wang!

It was really him!

That bastard, why is he here!

The number of students to be enrolled in the natural selection class was really small, why was he trying to make this more lively!

The half an hour of rest passed by in the blink of an eye. Everyone once again entered their respective rooms. This time they were completely enclosed combat rooms: one person, one combat room!

Su Hao walked into his room. It was completely empty.

No table or chair. What was inside the room was only the cold wooden floor. However, Su Hao had no doubt that this floor was extremely durable and able to withstand a huge amount of energy. As Su Hao was ready, the surrounding landscape changed.

A familiar 3D virtual environment once again appeared. His surroundings had turned into a huge desert.

A body figure covered with dark blue cloak, equipped with a stick-like weapon appeared in front of him. The cloak had even covered his head, so Su Hao simply couldn’t see his appearance. His height was about 1.8 meters. Standing in front of Su Hao indifferently, he placed a tremendous pressure upon Su Hao.

Combat master Jia Kesi!

The standard combat method exam system, the virtual fighting master!

And his appearance here indicated the beginning of the combat method exam. Su Hao carefully guarded with his body muscles all tightened, slowly moving around the fighting master, waiting for the second he could bombard the master with his strongest move.

Facing such a master, basically there wasn’t any hope of winning!

Therefore the main point of this test was to perfectly display the moves which you learned! It doesn’t mean that after mastering police fighting technique you would be able to successfully display it.

The fighting master would interfere you in a variety of ways.

Only ignoring his interference and completely displaying perfect moves would represent that you had fully mastered the technique you learned!

Thus, often there would be students who had learned more than 100 points, but during the exam they were only able to show 50 points, which then led to them to missing the best opportunity to enter the natural selection class.

This was the significance of college entrance exam.

Many years ago, before the era of origin ability, the college entrance exam was entirely based on exam-oriented education, living the life of a total nerd. But now, the college entrance exam had become the total opposite. Instead it now put more emphasis on comprehensive mastery.

Origin ability of 8 doesn’t indicate that you can fully display all the combat power!

For those who were silly and lacking in experience, there was a possibility of them only being able to display 7 points, with some even ending with 6 points. So only in the exam would you be able to test your true strength with the best standard.

It’s due to the existence of college entrance examination that students were now able to get rid of relying on mechanical tools and were able to walk on their own path of fighting techniques.

“Bang!”

Noticing that Su Hao didn’t attack him after such a long time, the fighting master dashed forward, taking the initiative to start attacking.

Su Hao’s eyes shined. That was the moment he was waiting for!

Block!

Counter attack!

Su Hao’s whole body was excited. All the moves he had learned were completely thrown at the master.

The fighting master, as he was responsible for accessing performance, had very weak attacks. The meaning of his existence was just to let you display every single fighting techniques which you had learned.

Basic fighting technique!

Police fighting technique!

With one set of moves which consists of two different fighting techniques, Su Hao didn’t feel any obstacle. When the fighting master tried to interrupt him, his attempt had failed to cause any obstruction to Su Hao at all.

Fighting essence!

Fusing moves!

With his body pressure, Su Hao abruptly made his moves. His fighting points had accumulated to exactly 12 points!

Burst!

The endless strength which came from his hand blew the fighting master two meters away. This was the so-called terrifying strength of fighting essence. It was worth it to notice that the defence of the fighting master was at a very high level.

Su Hao had read the outline of the exam and knew how to perfectly display his full strength.

The combat method exam, didn’t care about how much you had mastered. Instead, under the constant obstruction of fighting master, it cared about how much of your true strength you could display.

When the fighting essence had accumulated to over 10 points and burst, Su Hao was very clear that his examination had ended!

Looking at the still enthusiastic fighting master, a thought suddenly appeared in his mind. Could he build this guy’s model?

“Model analysis, start!”

“Hua—”

The scene around him changed. A model of the fighting master actually appeared in his mind!

But unfortunately, it was just similar like the pencil model, the most common model. Rather than a human model, this model didn’t have any benefit to Su Hao.

Unfortunately, if he was able to establish such a human model and analyze his abilities....

With some regret, Su Hao shook his head. Looking at the fighting master occasionally attack him from time to time, he suddenly thought that the training which he had done under the guidance of Teacher Yang was not efficient enough.

Although this fighting master in front of him didn’t have strong attacks, the simulation was still perfect for the overall characteristic of human. Su Hao was clear that in the final round of the mock exam, he would face the same one as in the comprehensive exam: the genuine, complete state of fighting master!

Therefore, using the current opportunity to hone his skills would definitely be a great help later for the final comprehensive assessment.

“Alright, I will decide so.”

Licking his lips, Su Hao once again rushed forward.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0035 Strong like a storm
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0035 Strong like a storm

In another room.

Zhou Wang’s eyes were glowing coldly. In a neat and comfortable way, he displayed the fighting techniques he had taught himself at home.

Basic fighting techniques!

Police fighting techniques!

In the span of 3 minutes he actually finished showing all the moves in his arsenal. After completing everything, he chose to end the exam.

Not coming out for a few years, once he showed himself, Zhou Wang wanted to shock everyone just like that year with Chen Yifeng and Viper. What he was trying to achieve naturally was to be the legend of the generation!

As for the fighting master’s style?

His tutor had already told him multiple times.

Inside another room.

A random student was suffering. Most of the time the students’ ability was stagnant at the stage of beginner basic fighting techniques.

Imagine this, Su Ling who was approaching 9 points in origin ability only managed to master intermediate basic fighting techniques. Not to mention other people, even that Sun Yaotian, if not for Viper spending quite a sum of money to get him fighting essence, he would probably just be at the level of intermediate basic fighting techniques.

Not everyone was abnormal like that freak Su Hao. Fighting skills for most people was learned to increase their own response and fighting to assist their origin ability.

In front of the teaching building, the huge light screen once again refreshed.

That long list of rankings that was originally a four column list had turned into five columns.

Ranking based on theoretical foundation and combat exam in total

1 Su Hao 190

0190

2 Zhou Wang 186

0186

3 Bai Lingfeng 182

0182

.....

Combat exam ranking was impressively added with the total score of theoretical foundation. This implied that their fighting skills were being tested now.

The combat exam only had a duration of half an hour, which was much shorter.

What was interesting here was that in less than 30 seconds, a large number of students’ fighting skill increase from 0 to 10 points. Obviously, such individuals were being kicked out with one foot during exam.

Perhaps they might not understand much about basic fighting techniques. Although they might just randomly hit, there will be at least one or two moves which are right. After all, they had seen these many times.

Of course, there must be some who were kicked out with 0 points. It was just that the screen didn’t display them.

All of the students loved to watch the seniors’ jumping scores. As for the parents, perhaps they could only see this through a live Internet broadcast.

Such a simple ranking list contained the hope of the parents.

Especially those students with high hopes of entering the natural selection class.

1 minute had passed. The name list once again changed. One by one, the score began to appear in the name list. In the top 20, at least half of the names weren’t the same anymore.

100 points!

The three digits, 100 points!

All students with a score of 100 points had kicked down a few names at the top and temporarily occupied the number 1 position. However, the crowd wasn’t surprised at this as everyone knew that the fighting skill score hadn’t come out yet for the original top 3.

Yue Qing and Su Ling glanced at each other for a second. None of them opened their mouths. These students were not qualified to compete in fighting skills. Just during the battle between Su Hao and Sun Yaotian, there was already the appearance of primary police fighting techniques. Just that alone already worth 150 points, their gap with these students was too large.

Only those whose points hadn’t changed yet were being suppressed by Su Hao.

“Shua!”

The name list once again refreshed. An unexpected name surprisingly snatched the first rank, which left everyone stunned.

Sun Yaotian?

It was that bastard?

How could this be?

Regardless of how the crowd thought, they couldn’t imagine how Sun Yaotian rushed all the way up, but the moment when they saw his fighting skill points, the score of 200 points left people unable to blink, an uproar resounded.

200 points!

Such a fighting skill score actually exceeded the scope of crowd’s understanding.

Although Sun Yaotian’s theoretical foundation was not that strong, but with the total points now, it didn’t seem that bad. With his fighting skill points, he was able to push himself all the way up to first place with a total of more than 300 points.

Just that........... 200 points in fighting skill, doesn’t that mean that he had fully mastered police fighting technique?

When others were still trying to familiarise with beginner basic fighting techniques, this guy had skipped grades and went ahead to master advanced police fighting techniques? Recalling that time when Su Hao had mastered beginner police fighting technique and yet was beaten to near death, perhaps Sun Yaotian at that time was already that inhumane.

When everyone was busy discussing among themselves, the name list refreshed!

The remaining of the top 20 name list finally changed too. After refreshing, a row of students with 170 points directly kicked Sun Yaotian out. This time, besides Bai Lingfeng, Zhou Wang and Su Hao, other students’ score had all come out.

Sun Yaotian lead the name list for not even more than 10 seconds and he had already been kicked out.

However, that score of 200 points, which opened the crowd’s eyes, was still a highlight on the screen. Being the top in one category was still a rare glory.

“Did you see?”

Yue Qing said indifferently, “Do you think that only your brother knows police fighting techniques?”

Yue Qing pointed at those rows of 170 points above, “These people had all mastered intermediate police fighting technique, let alone those few people who still haven’t appeared yet.”

Su Ling glanced at her, “Don’t say anything when it still hasn’t end. Otherwise, don’t be like just now being slapped until face swollen.”

Yue Qing coldly snorted and no longer spoke out. She then paid her attention to the name list again.

Bai Lingfeng’s score had appeared, 170 points!

Intermediate police fighting technique!

Yet another terrifying student. Shua, without any mistake, with the sum of theoretical foundation and fighting techniques, Bai Linefeng directly rushed to the very top, occupying the first rank.

Su Hao’s name was now out of the top 30.

At this point, in contrast to what the crowd expected, the top 10 were all occupied by students with 170 points in fighting techniques. The number of students mastering intermediate police fighting technique, how could it be that many?

The majority of the teachers were not feeling proud of this. Each and every of them felt depressed as they themselves only mastered beginner police fighting techniques. As for a few teachers who are better, still only managed to reach intermediate police fighting techniques.

Without doubt, all of those students were self tutored.

The only one who wasn’t turned out to be was Sun Yaotian!

Sun Yaotian, with his mind blowing 200 points in fighting technique, at the very least his result pleased everyone on the scene. Top 10, there was finally one who was a true student from the school.

When they didn’t even have the chance yet to be happy, the name list changed again this time.

Zhou Wang’s name appeared.

Not surprising, Zhou Wang directly jumped to the first rank. All other names had been kicked one place off. That poor 10th position of Sun Yaotian immediately dropped to 11th....

Zhou Wang!

Fighting skill technique 200 points!

Total score 386 points!

The shining top 1, illuminating at the highest place which made the crowd admire him more.

“F*ck, this is just mock exam and not real college entrance exam and yet there are so many abnormal freaks?”

“Yea, this time the genius students are indeed a lot.”

“This is abnormal to a different level. That is police fighting technique, the standard for main universities to graduate from. These people have already mastered it during high school.”

“Heh, what is there to be afraid of? As long as we have the ability to keep up.”

“True.”

Everyone was busy discussing among themselves and worshipped those few abnormal freaks.

Yue Qing finally laughed out loud, “Yes, this is the true Big Brother Zhou Wang.”

“200 points....” Xiao Yezi stared blankly, “Two people with 200 points.....oh my God....”

Hua Chi pondered for a moment and softly whispered to Su Ling, “I remember your brother had mastered beginner police fighting technique. Although it is high, but compared to those few people, the difference is quite huge.”

“Yea, you’re right.” Xiao Yezi was a bit depressed, “Look behind, one whole row of people with 350 points or more. This is too terrifying.”

“If you are to beg for mercy now, perhaps I might let you off this time.” Yue Qing proudly looked at Su Ling. The money from the victory, she didn’t care about it at all. All she wanted was a psychological blow on her foe which would make her feel good.

Su Ling glanced at her indifferently, “The test still hasn’t ended yet.”

“Hmmpphh.”

Yue Qing sneered, “I’ll wait for the exam to end then. Let’s see what you are going to say later.”

The time slowly ticked. The name list kept refreshing non stop. All the students’ results once again changed. But the top 20 remained the same, not much difference.

After all, almost all students’ fighting technique scores had came out.

Those who were still entangled within the fighting room were the ones who mastered some fighting techniques but were easily interrupted by the fighting master.

Fortunately, as time passed, more students either gave up or struggled until they succeed. Finally, the results were out, one by one their score were displayed on the screen.

And what left everyone puzzled was that Su Hao’s fighting skill was still 0 points.

At this moment, Su Hao’s name had already disappeared from the name list in the screen. Countless students who mastered intermediate basic fighting techniques with their more than 100 points of theoretical foundation had kicked Su Hao off the name list. Until the exam ended, the name list seemed to have been completely fixed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0036 Brilliantly dispatching opponents
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0036 Brilliantly dispatching opponents

“Ai, what about Su Hao?”

“Yea, although he can’t compete for top position, I remember he had mastered beginner police fighting techniques. No matter what, he should at least be in the top 20.”

“Perhaps he was injured and hadn’t recovered yet?”

“Probably.”

As everyone was whispering, Su Ling’s facial expression also began to turn pale. That serious injury her brother had, did he fully recover from it? If he wasn’t able to perform at his best....

At this time, the examination officially ended.

“Ding~”

The noise started to echo. Su Ling felt like she couldn’t dare to raise her head to look at the screen. But the very next second, the sound of her two best friends exclaiming resounded in her ears, “My god....this....this....”

Su Ling looked up and almost lost control of her body from being surprised and in disbelief over what she saw.

Su Hao, his name had appeared!

Before the exam ended, the name which had already disappeared for more than 10 minutes had once again appeared. Not only that, the name occupied the very top rank on the list.

Kicking everyone’s rank down by a number, the name which originally pitifully disappeared from the top 100 name list.

Su Hao.

Theoretical foundation 190 points!

Fighting techniques 310 points!

A total of 500 points!

Almost blinding the crowd’s eyes, the two students who originally had 200 points which the crowd looked up to were totally being destroyed. 200 points was that formidable?

But Su Hao had 310 points!

310!

The whole school was in an uproar. Even the parents that watched the live score through the Internet were dumbfounded too. Such a score, how did he get it?

Basic fighting techniques 100 points, police fighting techniques 100 points, military fighting techniques 100 points. As for the remaining points, where did he get that from? A lot of people were at a loss over this.

As for those who knew about fighting essence, this really made them astonished. To be able to obtain more than 300 points, it could only indicate one thing.

Su Hao had fully mastered basic fighting techniques and police fighting technique to the highest levels. Through continuous effort and practice, he had spontaneously walked toward the direction of military fighting techniques.

Such terrifying talent!

When the exam was over, Su Hao was in the first rank for two consecutive exams and was automatically first for the total score. Although everyone knew that the following exams were not Su Hao’s forte, this time, nobody dared to look down at him.

Being ranked first for two consecutive exams, and at the same time breaking the records.

Especially fighting techniques, since then, there was never such a high score! That year, there was one who managed to rush all the way to 300 points and Su Hao, this time he had stepped over that man’s shoulders. That record by the man which hadn’t be broken for years had finally been overtake by a full 10 points!

“This is too scary, 310 points.... Even in a dream, I don’t dare to think of such.”

“Yea, just now when Sun Yaotian appeared with 200 points, I was already shocked. Never did I expect that Su Hao easily stepped over him.”

“Gee, now only he’s worthy of Chen Yiran. If they’re back together, it’ll be good then.”

“That, nobody would be able to predict. Perhaps this is Su Hao’s revenge after they broke up!”

The whole crowd on campus didn’t discuss any topics other than this.

All topics were about Su Hao distancing himself far from Zhou Wang with 114 points. Everyone knew that Su Hao had indeed created a legend.

As for Su Hao’s sister, Su Ling, she was surrounded by a group of people. “You are Su Ling, right? Haha, nice to meet you. I am Jianghua News’s intern journalist. I’d like to interview you about your brother’s result.”

“No problem.” Su Ling nodded with good manners, “Please wait for a moment.”

“Good, good. Indeed Su Hao’s sister. Such politeness,” the man praised.

Su Ling looked at Yue Qing for a moment. At this moment, Yue Qing’s face was extremely pale. She almost didn’t dare to meet her eyes with Su Ling. Even the girls besides them, Xiao Yezi and Hua Chi were brimming in red as they were getting excited.

“Su Ling, I’ll be your sister-in-law then.” Xiao Yezi showed an expression of looking forward to it, “People had already made preparation for it.”

Hua Chi’s facial expression right now was as if she couldn’t hold herself anymore, “Hoe!”

Su Ling and Xiao Yezi then strangely looked at her. In the end, who is the true hoe here? Xiao Yezi was only interested in Su Hao alone, but this Hua Chi would always been smitten in love whenever she spotted a handsome man.

Su Ling helplessly patted her two best friends and only then did she start the interview with Jiang Hua News.

From an unknown, she was now an overnight celebrity.

Su Ling was only an ordinary highschool girl. She herself also didn’t quite understand. But one thing which she knew was that she needed to let these people know about her brother’s efforts and sacrifices!

Thus, from Su Ling’s mouth, a struggling and terrifying combat expert which only had one or two hours of rest time at night was born.

Jiang Hua News journalist nodded after hearing such a talk. Countless ideas were playing within his mind right now.

King of first rank?

No, no..... Su Hao had only obtained first rank for the first two exams. There was no guarantee that he would be able to do so for the last two exams. Thus, he couldn’t write whether he was a king or not, as it would bring a negative impact.

Then.... add commoner?

“King of commoners!”

The title seemed to be quite good. The journalist’s eyes were shining brightly, and he then wrapped up everything that Su Ling mentioned. Talent was not enough to overcome hard work, king of commoners succeeding in the road of Gods!

How can one with lowest origin ability be able to achieve two consecutive first ranks?

One by one, ideas kept coming to his mind. The journalist seemed to already be too impatient to wait for tomorrow’s news. Unfortunately, at this time, he could only wait because he was only an intern journalist right now. This was also the very reason he could enter here.

Because he was one of the second year students here and also at the same time, a part time journalist for a news agency. For such hot news to be covered by her, the intern journalist, he could already imagine the future glory which he would receive.

But to leave here, he could only wait until the exam ended.

Examination hall.

At this point, all the exams which were supposed to take place in morning were already over. Basically, the remaining exams would be held in an afternoon session.

Physical fitness exam. This was not really an exam. Usually within one to ten minutes, the process would be done. When the exam started at 2pm, it would ended very soon.

After physical fitness, it would be the most important one, ability index!

This was also the main highlight of the exams in the afternoon session. An hour long of duration, candidates are free to show their ability and then the system would then calculate the score according to their origin ability talent and also various factors which affect the quality.

And then the last one, the final exam – the comprehensive exam!

You have scored high in the four exams?

Points up to 900?

If you thought that this was the final score, then you would be wrong! Comprehensive exam was what everyone was worried about the most.

Since the first four scores could be considered as their own efforts and achievements from all these years, the difference from their usual strength usually wouldn’t be a large margin and most of candidates would be satisfied with their result.

But the comprehensive exam..... If you didn’t perform well in this your score might not even increase, but rather decreased. If the first four exams were 900 points, and then you score 600 points in the comprehensive exam, then congratulation, your final score of the mock exam would be a pitiful 750 points!

At noon, whether it was outside of the examination hall or inside the hall, everyone was getting ready for lunch.

The school management was not stingy. Preparing delicious gourmet food for everyone as to not affect the physical fitness evaluation later in the afternoon session. The cook had even added some chemicals which would enhance the evaluation, making the score even more accurate.

This was also the very reason why the physical fitness exam was held at afternoon session.

Wandering in the examination building area, Su Hao was quite shocked in his heart. He had always thought that there would only be about 10 people in this school whom he might want to fear, but now, numerous random students with strong abilities were wandering around too.

Su Hao almost thought that he was in a wrong place.

The high school was very large, but if there was a popular celebrity everyone would be able to recognise them. However, right now, there were many people with abnormal abilities that he had never seen before.

Soon, Su Hao thought of one possibility: self tutored students!

Those who believed that the school teachers were not qualified to educate them. In fact, due to their family wealth, they were able to invite the best teachers to teach them by offering various resources.

These people, would only appear during the mock exam to enter into the natural selection class, were what Su Hao had in front of him right now.

“Interesting...” Su Hao thought in his heart, “Seems like this competition is very competitive.”

“However, as for me, there won’t be much interference. My origin ability is 10.8. Although my fighting techniques and result in the comprehensive exam might be a bit worse, I should be able to maintain at 10 points or more. Such a result should be sufficient to enter into the natural selection class!”

Su Hao tightened the grip on his fists. The emergence of these people had caused some unknown factors to be thrown into an exam, which he was supposed to be confident in. To not let off such chance, which only appears once in a thousand time, Su Hao could only try his hardest.

I must take this exam seriously!

I can’t afford to be relaxed!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0037 Dispatching opponents again!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0037 Dispatching opponents again!

During the noon break, all the candidates went to the cafeteria for a meal.

Interestingly, when passing by the fountain, Su Hao once again saw the gray haired juvenile and his prideful look. His fine, beautiful clothes that covered his body, really did match his hair. Those who didn’t know might have thought that he was cosplaying as some anime character.

Su Hao helplessly smiled. When the juvenile noticed Su Hao’s gaze, Su Hao recovered. He nodded in goodwill, but that smile in his eye was too obvious to hide.

As Su Hao walked past, Zhou Wang’s eyebrows wrinkled. Looking down at his clothes, there was nothing strange or weird. He remembered that before he left home, his maidservants even praised his out-of-world handsomeness with starry eyes. Where exactly was the problem then?

Unable to figure out anything, Zhou Wang could only click his tongue in disdain. He considered that Su Hao’s gaze was that of some ignorant commoner who was just curious about him.

After their meals, everyone rested for a moment.

Soon, the afternoon session of the exam had arrived.

In front of the teaching building, the open space had already been fully occupied by students. This was because everyone knew that the physical fitness exam only lasted 10 minutes at most. The audience’s intensity during the exam was hard to imagine.

The name list in front of them, within those 10 intense minutes, was comparable to a blockbuster movie. [ED: No, not the one that went bankrupt]

To be frank, they were just enjoying the crowd atmosphere.

Su Ling, along with her two friends, rushed to the space after finishing their meals. Yue Qing had clearly been standing there waiting for a while. When Su Ling was near her, with an expressionless face, Yue Qing took out one hundred thousand star dollars and gave it to Su Ling.

“When your brother comes out, I’ll apologise to him.”

“No need.” Su Ling shook her head. After taking the money from her, Su Ling softly said, “My brother wouldn’t even bother himself to meet you. Just do your own stuff and stop pointing at someone’s family member.”

“Hmmpphh!” Yue Qing sneered, “Once someone wins, she will act like this. I know, stop pretending to be generous. It was only two exams. Will he be able to retain his ranking in the physical fitness exam?”

Su Ling’s eyelids palpitated. Raising her head while staring, “You still dare to bet then?”

Yue Qing was caught off guard. Looking at Su Hao’s advantage of 114 points higher than his nearest competitor, she just tsked and left the scene.

Everyone knew that Su Hao’s model analysis was just a grade E origin ability.

However, no one dared to randomly comment about Su Hao.

Su Ling then turned her body. Facing her two best friends, she put out a victory sign. Those three girls were excited as their faces brimmed in red. Watching the huge screen in front of the teaching building, they were ready to look at the result of the third exam.

Although nobody said anything, everyone knew that Su Hao’s glory would slowly fade away.

Because in regards to physical fitness, in general some candidates would have a strengthening ability that would enhance their body’s growth. Although their origin ability talent might be worse compared to others, that didn’t prevent them from being superior to others in physical fitness.

And above all of those, there were still those geniuses pampered with countless resources at home.

This was, after all, the era of origin abilities!

The era where drugs were becoming more dominant. With the aid of science and origin abilities, drugs were becoming one of the most important aspects of life. What was more terrifying was the body strengthening drug.

Each one of them was so expensive you would have to sell your kidney.

The lowest grade and cheapest ones still needed one million star dollar, which meant that an ordinary family could only work extremely hard to land one bottle in their hands. As for those in the upper class, one million star dollars? Beginner body strengthening drug? It was just an ordinary commodity!

Beginner body strengthening drug, everyone needed to have it!

Thus, for them, the perfect gathering of various materials and preparation for all the conditions to be met, would then produce a drug that would be able to bring the best benefit. That was be the best scenario that they wished for.

Ordinary physical fitness would usually stagnate at around 100 points.

For them, 100 points with a bottle of beginner body strengthening drug, at the very least would allow them to obtain at least 150 points. If they spent a longer time to bring out the full potential of the drug, 200 points wouldn’t be a problem.

Although the material were extremely hard to obtain, as long as there was money, nothing was impossible to collect.

On top of that, there was the intermediate body strengthening drug, which cost as much as eight million star dollars. From 200 to 250 points, for high school students, they would have to struggle hard to bring out the full potential of that higher grade drug.

Finally, there was the advanced body strengthening drug which cost more than 30 million star dollar!

One would never be able to guess how wealthy those guys were! One was not able to understand their mindset, where those rich kids, now in their third year, would naturally have consumed beginner body strengthening drugs.

Not only that, being in upper class, they had obviously brought out the full potential of the drug.

Thus, this time, it was very likely that there would be some terrifying candidates with as much as 200 points!

As for Su Hao’s score, it would be gradually flattened. After the final result of the physical fitness and ability index exams, he would be completely kicked off from the screen.

Because everyone generally recalled that Su Hao’s origin ability was only about 6.8!

With theoretical foundations and fighting techniques accumulating 500 points, that also meant a 5.0 for origin ability. Su Hao’s, remaining two exams, would only add up to 180 points?

Does this meant that Su Hao’s physical fitness and ability index was in total 180 points?

Even if it was true, nobody would be surprised by that. This was because normally, ordinary student would only have 100 points in physical fitness. Meanwhile in ability index, not to mention 80 points, there are even students with a grade F origin abilities with 20 points.

Examination hall.

Su Hao followed countless other candidates entering their respective classrooms. What greeted them were not seats, but rows of white suspended chairs, suspended one meter from the floor.

All students burst out in amazement. Each one of them sat on their respective chairs.

Shua!

A virtual screen appeared with Su Hao’s information being displayed.

“Please confirm your identity.”

Su Hao then chose the confirm button.

“Ding~”

“Warning – warning – Candidate replacement detected.”

A bright red alarm sounded in the classroom. Feeling surprised, Su Hao raised his head. Then he found out that, not too far away from his seat, a juvenile was panicking and tried to escape, only to be pinned down by a teacher who rushed over.

When the alarm was stopped, only then did the exam return back to normal.

Su Hao clicked his tongue. How many years had this happened? In this world of origin abilities, not examining your DNA before exam was already something you should appreciate and yet you dared to pretend to be the candidate. What IQ was this?

That sad warning, every year there would be one or two students trying their luck to get past this.

Helplessly shaking his head, Su Hao made himself comfortable and closed his eyes.

“Kacha!”

A soft belt appeared from within the suspension chair. Su Hao’s limbs and waist were fixed on the chair. Then, the chair slowly rose up into the air perpendicularly to the ceiling and floor. A machine with a cold surface appeared and Su Hao was placed inside the machine.

“Shua!”

Countless rays of light were moving up and down his body.

Within the classroom, there were a total of nearly one hundred suspended chairs. One hundred dazzling light beams were detecting the data of the candidates’ bodies. The whole room was bursting with the illuminating light.

In front of the teacher’s building.

An insightful student was busy analysing: “Su Hao has obtained first place two times consecutively, but his glory will fade, everyone knows that. However, with his terrifying theoretical foundation and fighting technique scores, he should be able to maintain his overall first place rank. Without a doubt, that guy is definitely lucky!”

“Whether having the physical fitness or ability index first, Su Hao will not know his ranking but... Why was theoretical foundation and fighting techniques being tested first, letting Su Hao become famous now? As such, he is lucky! Sometimes, luck gets to decide everything.” When the student expressed his opinion, the surrounding students nodded in agreement.

However, at that moment, someone interrupted, “Since this senior thought it was luck, then during second year exam, have you ever gotten first place before? Do you really think getting first place two times consecutively is due to luck?”

The student was instantly embarrassed of himself.

He, who was trying to avoid this topic, and yet was still being asked. Coughing helplessly, “Su Hao’s individual performance is definitely formidable. But you still can’t deny that the first two exams are coincidentally Su Hao’s best. If he was to take the physical fitness exam first, would he still be in first place then?”

Shua!

Ten minutes were up!

At that time, there were changes on the name list. Within all exam, this was the shortest amount of time for the result to be out.

Everyone raised their head and looked at the screen. Once again, an uproar occured within the crowd.

Su Hao was still in first place, that was still within everyone’s expectation. Having the early advantage of 114 points, it wasn’t a gap other candidate could cover at once. However, this time, Su Hao not only maintained his first place rank, he also emerged in first place on the exam itself!

Su Hao, physical fitness: 300 points!

First on the exam!

Total score of 800 points, ranked first!

Zhou Wang and Bai Lingfeng were not bad either. 200 points was usually more than enough for the crowd to admire and look highly upon. But this time, nobody was concerned about them.

Because everyone’s eyes were concentrating on Su Hao alone.

Another first place again!

A terrifying result of 300 points, a well-deserved first rank!

“300 points? That’s too scary. How the hell did Su Hao take the exam?”

“An abnormal freak. I thought that Zhou Wang’s 200 points were already enough to amaze me.”

“This is the tempo of someone fighting for first place.”

Many students had noticed that Su Hao’s first three exams had a total of 800 points. It was just that everyone was saying that his origin ability was only 6.8?

Although exams and origin ability scores had some difference to real life, generally, they wouldn’t differ by much. No matter how terrible Su Hao’s origin ability was, with only 100 points more, that should be more than enough for Su Hao to enter into the natural selection class!

After everyone finished their analysis, a burst of shock appeared inside their brains.

Su Hao, a student with origin ability talent of grade E, surprisingly overcame all hardships in order to enrol into the natural selection class. That wasn’t something many people had thought of.

It could be said that he was one of the strongest dark horses in the history of the mock exam!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0038 Brother is going to cheat
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0038 Brother is going to cheat

Su Hao taking first place three consecutive times was the topic the crowd was talking about right now.

The pitiable Bai Lingfeng and Zhou Wang obviously didn’t know all this. Being silent for two years, they decided to end their last year one a high note and yet another bird flew higher than them and dropped faeces on their heads instead.

No matter what, the exam continued.

Physical fitness exam was just a prelude, a short 10 minutes. More important, there would be the next exam, the ability index exam!

The score in ability index was from 0 to infinity.

In other words, just in that exam alone, everyone was given a chance to make a comeback.

Ability index exam was still a single person exam. Su Hao, walking into the designated examination room, noticed that the room was empty. He was the only person in it.

Shua!

A screen appeared in front of Su Hao.

“Please select the range of your origin ability to aid in the assessment process.”

“Grade E: Model analysis, selected, please wait.”

Once Su Hao chose his origin ability, the surrounding scenery changed. It was the virtual 3D environment once again, and this time, he was in the middle of a beach.

Taking a deep breath, Su Hao could smell the fishy odours of the sea, which was incredibly realistic.

“Interesting, this is the test for model analysis?” Su Hao, with great interest, observed the beach in front of him. What does this test intend for me to do? Playing around in the beach and enjoy tanning?

“Ding~”

“Connecting with mind, please wait.”

The cold mechanical sound echoed again within his ears. Su Hao was shocked that within his mind, there was a signal being generated, “The exam system is requesting connection, confirm?”

“What do you mean?”

Su Hao was somehow puzzled by this.

“Hello. Candidate Su Hao, after the exam linkage to the brain, it will begin to affect the brain by creating a realistic mapping. Doing so will increase your efficiency in creating models and have a better exam statistic, eventually bringing a positive impact to the exam result. I recommend you select the confirmation.”

So, this was the reason.

Su Hao nodded slightly and chose to confirm.

“Connection confirmed, connection is established.”

“Exam system is going to launch now.”

“First question, please create a cube model.”

Ability index, this was the first time Su Hao took such a formal test for this. His whole body felt strange somehow. Coupled with the surrounding realistic illusion, if not for the system sound, he would have thought that he was now taking a vacation.

The exam naturally progressed from the easiest to the hardest levels.

“Cube model?”

Su Hao recalled the appearance of a cube. Activating his ability, a cube model was instantly created.

Shua!

When Su Hao was closing his eyes to concentrate in creating the model, he felt something shining in front of him, which then triggered his closed eyes to open. Once he did so, the scene he saw caught him in surprise.

Within his right hand, a flow of light blue light appeared. The light slowly formed into a magnificent cube. The illuminatingly blue light which shined on the surrounding beach really made the scenery even more mesmerising.

He was extremely dazzled this time.

“This....this is the mind connection?” Su Hao was shocked.

“Hello, candidate Su Hao. This is the synchronisation of brain wave mapping. Whatever image you are imagining in your mind will be shown here through synchronisation.” The exam system replied.

After recovering from his shock, Su Hao became alert, “Isn’t this dangerous?”

“Nope, not with your consent. Otherwise your body’s origin ability would consider this stream of energy an invasion and directly attack as a defense mechanism.” The exam system replied.

“So it’s like that.” Su Hao nodded.

“Submitting....”

“Cube model building completed – evaluation – evaluation result is excellent – ”

“Second question, please create a model of cup.”

After a simple cube, the second question of a more detailed cup began. Su Hao seemed to have forgotten that this was an exam. The models he created were more and more refined than the previous ones; they were bigger, more difficult models. Then, he looked at the model being materialised on top of his hand with the light blue illuminating light.

That ability, it was his ability before undergoing mutation.

However, after his model analysis ability underwent mutation, even his most basic models had evolved with extremely refined details.

“Twentieth question, please create a character model.”

Su Hao was startled for a moment. Pondering for a moment, a figure of a mini Chen Yiran appeared on his right hand. This time, not being able to see the real person, the model was just filled with the light blue light.

Even the curves were perfectly crafted too.

“Submitting....”

“Hold on!” Su Hao suddenly interrupted the exam system. “Hello. Can I request a mirror. I want to have a better observation of my own abilities.”

“Alright, candidate’s request can be fulfilled. Please wait for a moment.”

Shua!

A large mirror appeared on the beach. Su Hao, who was standing in front of the mirror, could clearly see himself and the character model in his hand.

“Dispersed!”

Su Hao dissipated the Chen Yiran model on his hand and then looked at himself in the mirror. His mouth then raised, showing a trace of a smile.

Since this time he wanted to become an overnight celebrity, Su Hao intended to make an even greater impact.

Therefore, this time he decided to... cheat!

Yes, using his evolved origin ability as an advantage to cheat!

Looking at the his image in the mirror, Su Hao faintly said, “Establishing model!”

“Hua~”

A mini Su Hao emerged in his right hand. However, this time it was not a model condensed with the light blue light, but a complete real life model!

“Model analysis.....analysis complete....model is built.....building is completed!”

Su Hao looked at himself within his hand. Naturally he was curious to analyze his own ability, but the very next moment he forcefully suppressed that impulse of his! I absolutely must not see!

His own ability, he himself understood it very well. He had even seen it too.

Through his own character model, he could clearly see that he had a few fighting skills as well as advanced cultivation method but.... he must definitely not leak those out.

If was a normal day, that wouldn’t be a problem. This time however, perhaps the exam system would keep the records.

In the case that one day his exam files were to be picked out, his ability to be able to check out others’ abilities, wouldn’t that also be found out? At that time it would be asked, how did his ability evolve? Would he be associated with the mysterious card? He was clueless about this, but for safety, he absolutely must not leak it.

With the perfect mini version of him on his hand, the exam system paused for a moment before quickly re-evaluating.

“Submitting....”

“Character model established – evaluation – evaluation result perfect!”

The cold mechanical sound echoed. Su Hao’s eyes shined, so it was like this.

Before this, all the models created were just made of light. But the result usually ended with good grade. Even excellent grades were hard to be obtained but this....this time it was perfect!

But yeah, he himself knew it too. That gap was not at all close.

How could light blue models compete with a perfect real model?

“Final exam question, feel free to show you full potential. Freely create a model you like and the exam system will evaluate the model for you.” The exam system had given the final question to Su Hao.

“Final model?”

Su Hao’s mind moved. With his right hand opened slightly, a perfect herb garden appeared!

Shua!

The herb garden disappeared, and another perfect herb garden emerged. With its fresh look, if it was on the ground instead, perhaps nobody would suspect that it was a model.

Yes, Su Hao that cunning fellow... began to cheat again.

In fact, the human mind was too broad. It could be said that it had no limit at all. If the exam system wanted to map it all, even mapping until it was paralysed, it still wouldn’t be able to cover it all. What was mapped out was just a part of Su Hao.

Thus, Su Hao took the advantage of the model which was already established before in his mind, moving it from the blank space within his mind.

As a result, a perfect model emerged.

Pencils, laptop, herbs... even in the very last moment, Su Hao brought out all the last remaining herb garden. That exactly one meter large model, was complete with hundreds of herbs above it. It was very clear that even without evaluation, that degree of complexity was outrageous.

Su Hao, being satisfied with his art work, having exhausted every little ounce of his origin ability energy, finally selected complete.

Yes, his fuel tank had been completely depleted!

Su Hao knew about the mechanism of ability index. The evaluation was not only on ability itself, but also on his origin ability energy! He, who had mastered advanced cultivation methods, naturally has abundant amounts of energy within his body. Exhausting all the energy was one of the way to inform the exam system of that capacity.

He had mastered advanced cultivation methods!

At the last second of the exam, the exam system had the final evaluation of the model Su Hao created.

“Free to show your full potential.....evaluation.....complexity of model.....model simulation degree......xxx.....”

“Origin ability talent: Grade E, recording the result of the assessment ”

“Ability index assessment....”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0039 The king!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0039 The king!

“Ability index assessment......”

Su Hao heard a series of terms being continuously blattered out by the exam system followed by a number of calculations being done. Luckily, the exam system performed well and finished its calculations quickly. In just a few seconds, the final result was there.

Ability name: Model analysis

Ability grade: E

Ability introduction: Able to analyse anything and build a model from it; also able to form permanent models.

Ability index: 400

“400 points!”

Su Hao was startled. Excluding the advanced cultivation methods with 200 points, that meant that his extremely low grade origin ability gave him another 200 points.

For Su Hao, that was an almost impossible feat.

It was necessary to note that all abilities were for the sake of battle and survival. Model analysis was not needed all that much in those two aspects, especially in battle.

Sun Yaotian might casually reach 300 to 400 points.

But for Su Hao, to get even 200 points, it was already very difficult for him to do so.

An origin ability’s performance depended on itself and the body’s strength. Everyone would be able to estimate the ability index more accurately the longer they familiarize themselves. Su Hao might not know how strong his physical fitness and fighting techniques were, but his ability index......everyone was extremely well aware of it!

That was the very reason why Su Hao never tested his origin ability before.

Because he clearly knew that, excluding advanced cultivation method, he only had 100 points.

And for a very long time, it didn’t improve at all....

However, this time, to get 200 points, most probably it was due to Su Hao’s act of cheating!

The exam system took into account Su Hao’s perfect model and after considering everything, it ended up giving him a final score of 200 points.

“En, seems that the final score was 100 points more than my origin ability.” Su Hao secretly thought.

Looking at his origin ability introduction: able to analyse anything and build a model from it; also able to form permanent models.

Anything....

His ability was indeed like what was described. Even after mutation, it was still the same. As for Su Hao’s opinion regarding the description, his heart felt that it was pretty much accurate.

“Analysing anything, building a model, analysing its ability, and forming permanent models.”

That’s right!

That was the latest ability after Su Hao underwent mutation!

Exactly three extra more words, ‘analyzing its ability’.

All things, as long as the models were successfully established, he could analyze their abilities. It was just that for biological models, after he established the model, he could build card models too.

For objects other than biological models, the analysis ability was only able to get him information about their usage.

Obviously [ED: Really?], the limitation was due to him being a living thing. That was why he could only build card models from biological model. Su Hao had no doubt that if he was an object instead, he would be able to analyse the ability of other objects and make use of them [ED: No, not really. He wouldn’t be living].

One assessment test, and Su Hao was now even clearer about his own ability.

“An hour is almost up. Time to leave the room then.” Su Hao murmured to himself and then selected the option to complete the exam.

Outside of the teaching building.

A bunch of students were waiting anxiously for the final result. Many candidates’ result had come out but nobody was concerned about them. All they care about was the top 20.

“Ding~”

The name list refreshed. Sun Yaotian appeared. Without incident, his ability index reached 500 points and his name instantly rushed up.

Sun Yaotian, theoretical foundation 130 points, fighting technique 200 points, physical fitness 150 points, ability index 500 points, a total of 980 points, currently ranked first.

“Sun Yaotian’s result came out.”

“500 points, holy sh*t! His ability index exceeded mine!”

“Hey, you think Su Hao can get better score than him? Although Su Hao’s current score is 800 points, with his grade E ability, at most he could only score additional 180 points, it’s a hard task for him to overtake Sun Yaotian.”

“Well, who knows.”

As everyone was chatting, the name list once again refreshed.

As the exam was approaching the final moment, this time, a lot of candidates’ result came out. As for Sun Yaotian, before his ass warmed the top seat, he had been kicked off from first rank.

Surprisingly, the person who was responsible for this turned out to be Chen Yiran.

“Wow, our school’s flower.”

“Chen Yiran hadn’t appeared on the top list until now. Just one exam and she managed to rush all the way up.”

Chen Yiran, theoretical foundation 170 points, fighting techniques 150 points, physical fitness 150 points, ability index 530 points, total score of 1000 points, current ranking: first.

When Chen Yiran’s name appeared, it caused quite a sensation.

But everyone knew very well that this sensation wouldn’t last long. Sure enough, almost everyone had appeared on the name list. Even two heavyweight names appeared too.

Bai Lingfeng!

With an ability index of 530 points, he literally killed the crowd with a total of 1082 points!

However, he was not ranked first.

Zhou Wang!

Ability index of 600 points, a total of 1186 points. With a huge lead of 104 points, he tightly suppressed Bai Lingfeng and took the first place.

“Ability index 600 points? How did this freak take the exam?”

“Sure enough, rich people are different. This really makes one envious to death.”

“Following Chen Yifeng’s performance that year, Zhou family has now also produced another genius.”

“Yea, Bai Lingfeng’s result was already abnormal, and yet once Zhou Wang appeared, he took the commanding position!”

Once the four exams result were determined, generally, the final results would remain the same.

That was because comprehensive exam could be considered as a process for correcting the previous four exams. Under normal circumstances, as long as there was no big flaw produced, the final score wouldn’t differ by much. As for those few people at the top list, obviously they wouldn’t make any silly mistakes.

At that moment, the time for exam was up.

“Ding~”

The name list refreshed again. Like before, a name silently appeared on top of the list and kicked everyone one place below.

The whole crowd looked up, “.......!!!!!”

“First rank is Su Hao?!”

“What’s the situation here!”

Su Hao’s ability index finally appeared. 400 points, it could be considered as the lowest score for those in the top 50! However, with the lowest score, the total points accumulated from the original 800 points was 1200 points, overcoming everyone and took the top ranking.

Su Hao, theoretical foundation 190 points, fighting technique 310 points, physical fitness 300 points, ability index 400 points, a total of 1200 points, current ranking: first!

This time, the whole school was sensational!

Everyone only had one thing on their mind, crazy!

The world was in madness. For a grade E origin ability, it was unthinkable to enter natural selection class and yet he actually took the first rank? Even Zhou Wang was being suppressed!

Not to mention them, even Yang Ziqing and Su Ling were stunned this time. Two days ago during the assessment, his score was only 10.8 right?

Total score of 1200, in other words, his origin ability had reached up to 12....

The name list also came out at the same time on Internet. Almost all the parents remembered that name, Su Hao!

That was a mock exam, second to the most important exam which was the college entrance exam. The influence of these result to the college entrance exam was extremely huge.

Su Hao wanted to become a celebrity overnight and now, he had done it!

After the ability index exam, it would be the final comprehensive exam. There were some who were eagerly awaiting for Su Hao to crumble at that stage. Some were very sure that Su Hao would drop his score during the comprehensive exam.

However, that was not a problem at all for Su Hao.

Comprehensive exam, 3D virtual environment, a simulation of a forest as stage of battle appeared. Familiar with the style of the fighting master, Su Hao didn’t have to try hard or anything.

Carefully, he avoided all the attacks from the fighting master.

Su Hao linked his techniques while condensing fighting points.

Every tree in the forest was perfectly used to his advantage. Sometimes when the fighting master charged, Su Hao used a tree as a shield to withstand the incoming attack in order to allow him to continue linking his techniques.

When his moves were about to be interrupted, Su Hao directly went for a total confrontation and released all the fighting points from his fist!

Although being at a disadvantage most of the time and occasionally counterattacking allowed Su Hao to reset the battle situation, after a full 10 minutes of stalemate, the battle finally ended as draw.

This was already the highest rating one could get.

Whether it was Zhou Wang or Bai Lingfeng, facing the attacks of the fighting master, there was no other way out.

During the early stage, fighting techniques had more benefits than origin ability, such information everyone was well aware of this. That was why basic fighting technique training was extremely popular.

With the end of the comprehensive exam, the final exam results also appeared.

Compared to just before, the changes were not much. The top 10 names remained the same. However, the candidates from rank 90 onwards had quite a fluctuation. Those who didn’t perform well in the comprehensive assessment were kicked off.

First: Su Hao, second: Zhou Wang, third: Bai Lingfeng, fourth.....

A full 100 names!

One hundred names appeared on the list. Some were happy, some were sad.

Same as previous years, even at rank 100, the score was at 900 points. For ordinary students, natural selection class was simply unattainable.

*****

This chapter is sponsored by Matthew Tanzy. Phew, no more cliff ?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0040 Why are you being a tsundere?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0040 Why are you being a tsundere?

After the exam ended, the restrictions in the exam area instantly lifted.

“Di, di~”

“Ding~”

“The vast horizon is my love....”

“Grandpa, your grandchild’s message is coming~” [ED: What? Who had that tone?]

The candidates’ phones rang at the same time. When they opened the message which the school sent them, there was only one picture in it. Obviously, it was none other than the rankings for the mock exam.

Everyone looked at it and was dumbfounded at the same time!

Zhou Wang appeared. To the candidates, his emergence was an absolute terror, especially those freaky 1186 points. Taking a further look, Zhou Wang was not even first. That was even more terrifying!

1200 points!

Su Hao!

“Who is this person?”

The self tutored students were generally at a loss. During the period when they weren’t at school, they had never heard of such an abnormal freak character.

“Strange, he sounds familiar....”

“Yea, if I recall, isn’t he the guy that let Sun Yaotian wear the green hat?”

“F*ck, he’s indeed that guy.”

“.....”

Sun Yaotian, who had stayed in the room for a moment, the moment he left, he noticed that countless people were looking at him with a strange expression. That made him felt something bad.

What happened?

I don’t care!

Finding Chen Yiran was more important!

Sun Yaotian eagerly ran over. Chen Yiran also had just come out from the room. A few girls that had quite a good relationship with her started to chat together.

“Yiran, Yiran....”

The girl smiled while covering her mouth, “Big Miss Chen, your shadow is here again.”

Chen Yiran was about to say something when she felt her wrist vibrate. Knowing that the results had arrived, she was surprised to the point that she covered her small mouth when looking at it.

“What happened?” The girl’s head tried to peek at the screen. When Chen Yiran let her see the content, the girl was dumbfounded at what she saw, “This Su Hao.....shouldn’t be that Su Hao right.....”

“Besides that fool, who else could it be.” Chen Yiran snappily said while her mouth raised up. This time, she didn’t cover her mouth, “He worked really hard.”

The girl looked at Chen Yiran’s expression and pointed at Sun Yaotian who was walking towards them, “I say, little lady. Stop getting excited with your lover’s result. The God in front of you, how are you planning to deal with him?”

Chen Yiran smiled indifferently, “Don’t bother with him. I think in this short period of time, he won’t bother with me.”

The girl secretly nodded.

As Sun Yaotian was rushing over, he noticed a number of strange gazes. When he was in front of Chen Yiran, he felt a burst of strangeness. Chen Yiran was not being cold to him like usual. She seemed to be in good mood and even faintly smiled at him.

“What does this mean....this is.....being nice to me?”

Sun Yaotian scratched his head while pondering. Luckily, the girl reminded him with good intentions, “Your communication device must be muted right? Open and see the results.”

“Ar, right!”

Sun Yaotian only thought of it now. The results had already come out. Was his rank so high that Chen Yiran finally decided to accept him?

Opening the communication device, the virtual screen appeared. Opening the message send by the school, Sun Yaotian was stunned right on the spot. “How could this be?”

“How could this be?!”

Two days ago, Su Hao had been wounded badly by him. To be able to participate in the exam was already considered a miracle and those 1200 points? That was simply an impossible thing!

In the duration of two days, from 6.8, he rushed all the way to 12.0 in origin ability?

Impossible!

Unless Su Hao had already hidden his strength since the beginning, but for what purpose would he hide his strength? Sun Yaotian was completely freaked out. While he was standing in the same spot, his mind was spinning as he began speculating various actions Su Hao might take.

The students which passed by him all displayed a sympathetic look, such a poor baby....

Outside the room, Su Hao felt a burst of joy as he saw the results.

Despite cheating to get the additional 100 points, the high score of 1200 points really made him very happy. The additional 10 points in fighting techniques and theoretical foundation were really an additional surprise.

That also meant that from now on, his origin ability officially entered 11 points!

“11 points, this result, even in natural selection class, it’s the second best!” Su Hao clenched both of his fists: that was result of all his hard work. He strongly believed that his future would be limitless!

However, if he was satisfied with this, that wouldn’t do. He was clearer than any other person that every step he moved forward, it would become even harder to move another. Fighting techniques and physical fitness would be even more difficult as he moved on to enhance them. Even with tens of millions of advanced body strengthening drugs, he could only improve an additional 50 points. With such a description, it’s very easy to imagine how hard the future road was.

While ability index, 400, 500, 1000.....it was limitless.

To always walk in front of others, he must put in more effort!

“Ding~”

Another message came. Having a look at it, it was a natural selection class notification stating that from next week onwards he would officially be the class’s student.

Su Hao smiled. At the very least, the first goal had already been achieved right?

As he was leaving the exam area, Su Hao once again saw the the proud gray haired juvenile. Standing at the side of the fountain while looking at the communication device on his wrist, there was a melancholic look on his face.

“Didn’t do well?”

Su Hao frowned and patted his shoulder when he walked over, “Hey, man. You didn’t do well in exam?”

Zhou Wang soullessly raised his head. His mood was obviously not good. He had struggled for a whole two years and was always eager for the day when he would become an overnight celebrity! All of a sudden he was suppressed by someone!

Su Hao?

Who was that special one? Jianghe city, there was no such large family named Su, right?

Being patted on his shoulder, Zhou Wang really felt like evading with his body and leaving. When he looked up, it was surprisingly that it was the guy who always smiled and nodded at him before this.

“What are you thinking? If you don’t do well in exam, it’s alright. This is, after all, just a mock exam. As long as you perform well in the college entrance exam, it will be alright.” Su Hao was trying to comfort him, “Let’s go. I’m going to buy you a meal. Want to go for it?”

Watching this completely unsolicited guy, Zhou Wang was about to refuse but he suddenly thought of something. Since he was a student of this school, he should know who Su Hao was.

Moreover, looking at his appearance, he appeared to be in good mood and trying to comfort others to add oil. Did he really need such people to comfort him? (TL: add oil: chinese phrase equivalent of add effort)

If he knew that his score was 1186 points, would he able to be happy?

Zhou Wang was thinking otherwise in his mind, but when reached his lips, just one word came out, “Alright!”

“Yea, now that’s the way.” Su Hao was in cloud nine. That man didn’t seem to be bad. At least, he was able to communicate with him. Especially that long hair style.......which seemed like a doll.

The school was in an uproar. Everyone was discussing the results.

During that sensitive time, Su Hao led Zhuo Wang to a restaurant near the school to have a meal. Since he had good results, he naturally must not be reserved.

In the restaurant, there was already quite a number of people treating. Obviously, they were the ones with good results. There were also a few who managed to enter natural selection class, brimming with excitement.

Su Hao generously ordered several dishes and began chatting with Zhou Wang.

Looking at his depressed expression, Su Hao began to comfort again, “I say here, don’t worry too much. This is just a mock exam, the college entrance exam is the time to verify your true strength.”

“En.” Zhou Wang nodded expressionlessly. Looking Su Hao’s excitement, he felt that the scene was quite funny and sighed, “Although I was admitted to natural selection class, I didn’t achieve my desired goal.”

“Oh?” Su Hao’s eyes lit up. “You also entered natural selection class? What was your score?”

Zhou Wang faintly said, “Only 1186 points.”

“You are that Zhou Wang?” Su Hao excitedly asked.

Zhou Wang: “.......”

‘That is too unscientific!’

‘I am indeed Zhou Wang!’

Although he had been suppressed by another, the outcome was still a terrifying 1186 points. What was the problem with the kid in front of him? Unexpectedly, he didn’t seem bothered at all. That was different from his expectation.

He even prepared the plate before hand, afraid that the kid might choke and spray water to his side, but the conclusion.....he was over-reacting.

Being unhappy, he just wanted to gain some self-esteem back from the kid, yet it was so difficult?

At normal times, Zhou Wang usually didn’t bother much with friends. He was, after all, the typical tsundere type young master. Watching that the kid in front of him not responding, he started to feel bored and could only ask, “You know Su Hao? That 1200 points, to be able to surpass me, he must be one of those legendary characters.”

Su Hao pointed at himself, “I am Su Hao.”

“Pu-”

Zhou Wang, who was drinking a gulp of water at the moment, instantly sprayed all over the table. Watching the innocent Su Hao, he suddenly felt madness. He was Su Hao? Damn, he had been acting like a fool the whole time, that’s too embarrassing........

Thinking that he was pretending to act cool exposing his 1186 points, Zhou Wang dropped his head from shyness and continued drinking.

“Hello, your dishes are here.” A waiter walked over to their table.

Zhou Wang took that opportunity to get rid of the awkward situation and quickly turned his body to take a dish and put it on the table. The waiter then said: “Thank you.”

After that, Zhou Wang took a pair of chopstick and prepared to eat. The waiter suddenly stiffed on the spot, “Well this student......that dish is for the table next door.....”

*****

This chapter is sponsored by Jared Spitzer. Su Hao and Zhou Wang would be the next Goku and Vegeta, muahahaha~

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0041 Noble circles are really a mess
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0041 Noble circles are really a mess

“This student.....that dish is for the table next door......”

The hand of Zhou Wang which was holding the chopsticks suddenly became stiff.

Su Hao glanced at the guy for a second. Suddenly, he felt that this was going to be bad. That prideful guy, his anger was going to burst soon.

He was here to make a friend and not to make enemy. Coughing, he acted quickly to save the situation, “Tell them, this dish we will take it. As for the bill, put it in our tab.”

After awkwardly looking at Zhou Wang who had taken a bite, the waiter could only bitterly smile and explain the situation to the table next door, and it ended up with the guys there becoming enraged.

That was after all their celebration banquet for entering natural selection class and yet it had been snatched away by another!

So many people were watching the scene. That was not something they could tolerate.

“Let’s go, we have to calculate this with them! F*ck, Bro Lian’s food, they dare to snatch it?” About 5 people in total from the table stood up and rushed over. Pointing at Su Hao and Zhou Wang, “You two, you dare to snatch away Brother Lian’s food? Do you know who I am? Tell me your names, apologize, and get the hell out!”

“Yes, since you all are from the same school, you guys should know Brother Lian Li right?” Another younger guy standing beside him said in a disdained tone, “Brother Li after all managed to get into the natural selection class. He has the chance to even enroll into Zhanzheng College. Faster, tell us your names and get lost!”

“Me?”

Zhou Wang pointed at his own nose and then glanced at Su Hao before replying, “My name is Zhou Wang. How do you plan to give me a lesson?”

Su Hao also indifferently said, “My name is Su Hao. I’m also eager to know how you are going to teach me?”

The man: “......”

The atmosphere instantly turned cold. The man’s whole body was full of cold sweat. Zhou Wang, Su Hao? The top two in the school? Those two with such high scores that could make one mad?

This group of men were not opponents tha could even withstand a slap from these two freaks.

“Zhou Wang? Su Hao? Alright, we know your names now. Quickly apologise and get the hell out!” The younger guy who was obviously not from the same school replied in disdain.

The man who was soaking in cold sweat reacted quickly by turning to his back and slapped the younger guy’s face. This action of his left half of the younger guy’s face swollen red.

“This, Brother Zhou, Brother Su, this dish since you like it, we will give it to you. Consider this a treat from little brother here. When we are in natural selection class, I hope that these two big brothers will take care of me.” After he finished saying that, the man who was called Brother Li quickly left the scene with his underlings.

That left Su Hao and Zhou Wang looking at each other in dismay.

After quite a moment, Zhou Wang blurted out a question, “Are we considered as bullying the weak?”

Su Hao pondered for a moment, “Looking at his appearance, he shouldn’t be a good character.”

“If so, this is good then.” Zhou Wang immediately calmed down and continued eating.

Su Hao: “.......”

This juvenile’s heart really changed so fast!

After experiencing a small episode just now, those two began to get closer and had a conversation. The moment when Zhou Wang knew that Su Hao only had a grade E in origin ability talent, he exclaimed that he completely admired Su Hao.

With only a grade E origin ability, he could get 1200 points? That showed how hardworking that person was!

Heaven rewards the diligent!

As a genius, sometimes he believed the meaning of that sentence more than others.

After Su Hao without any hesitation pointed out the tsundere nature of his, the two guys enjoying their drinks while teasing each other.

When they had finished their rounds of drinking, the day was already late. The two of them then walked outside to have some fresh air.

“Let’s go to the park.” Zhou Wang suddenly voiced out.

“Alright!” Su Hao faintly said with a cold light flashing within his eyes.

Seeming intentional, both went to a remote park.

“Peng!”

Zhou Wang’s right hand cut across Su Hao’s neck. With his sight turned black, Su Hao immediately fainted.

“Heng! Such a person suits to be my friend?”

“Let’s think of a way to get him to another place and then deal with him.” Zhou Wang muttered to himself. After he finished saying that to himself, Zhou Wang then dragged Su Hao to the side. However, at that time, a footstep sound made his mind tighten.

“Who?”

“Sou! Sou!”

Two cold arrows shot over. Zhou Wang evaded sideway in a flash. Those two arrows nailed on a tree with a springing sound.

Such strong force!

“Take him away!” A cold voice echoed. Four unknown men dressed in black appeared from dark, with bows and arrows on their back. With a black blade on their right hands, they directly attacked Zhou Wang.

“Who are you guys?”

With a cold voice, Zhou Wang asked but he got no reply.

Zhou Wang retreated a few steps in panic as the four person dashed forward at a fast speed. However, when they were passing by Su Hao, he who had fainted suddenly stood up.

Peng!

Peng!

He fiercely directed his kick accurately at a person’s knee and an elbow at the chest. Su Hao immediately seized the black blade from the guy. Another man who was besides stabbed with his own black blade in panic.

Su Hao then took the advantage of the guy he assaulted as his own shield.

“Pu-”

A blade stabbed into his body: the guy in black had been killed by his own comrade.

Taking the opportunity to move forward, Su Hao without any hesitation aimed the blade which he was holding at the other man’s chest since his weapon was still stuck in his comrade’s body.

“Pu-”

Another man in black died.

Turning his body to look at Zhou Wang’s side, he saw a thrilling scene.

The other two men obviously noticed the situation on that side. That was why they hastened their speed and wanted to deal a killing blow immediately. Two black blades were just within 20 cm away from Zhou Wang.

However, at that time, Zhou Wang’s hands each pointed a finger at both men. An electric current flashed. The bodies of the two men suddenly stopped moving, completely stunned, and then weakly fell onto the ground.

“Such a strong ability!”

Su Hao was surprised. On his side, it was because of sudden attack that he was able to end it quickly. But that Zhou Wang, facing two opponents who were already prepared, he was able to easily destroy them.

The perfect talent of origin ability in battle, so strong!

After finishing the battle, Zhou Wang walked towards Su Hao. Looking at the two men on the ground, he was surprised, “You killed them?”

Su Hao turned around and had a look. Indeed it was so.

He actually killed?

So decisive, so fast!

Recalling last time, when he first killed a person, he felt uneasy the whole day. Then, after experiencing killing spree of the berserk beasts, the current him was already accustomed to fighting. Even when he resorted to killing, he was still able to keep calm. If not because of Zhou Wang reminding him, Su Hao wouldn’t have even noticed how calm he was.

But.....perhaps there wasn’t any discomforting feeling, so he just nodded his head, “En.”

Zhou Wang suddenly had a burst of shock. Undeniably, he was making a comparison within his heart.

Just now using his ability to quickly suppress his opponents, he felt a sense of accomplishment. Obviously, he couldn’t accept his result today but this time, he had no complaint. Such decisive killing, even killing him, he won’t have a duel with Su Hao.

As highschool students, everyone was still a newbie. His tutor had occasionally caught some berserk beasts for him to experience actual combat. He thought that his mental strength was already strong but now.....

“Why are you looking at me like that?” Su Hao snappily glanced at him, “What wrong had you done that someone even wanted to kill you.”

After recovering from the shock, Zhou Wang had the same doubts, “I’m not sure. At first, I thought that they were here to kill you.....”

Su Hao blushed with shame.

In fact, when they left the restaurant, they already felt that they had been spied on. That was why they had a little drama in order to identify who was the real target!

Zhou Wang dropped his head and stripped a man in black. After examining for a moment, his eyebrows wrinkled, “They did not fuse any origin abilities. Although they are soldiers, they are just ordinary people!”

“So, it’s like that!” Su Hao nodded, “But to send someone without origin ability to kill you, isn’t that too arrogant?”

Zhou Wang solemnly said, “This was a test! After leaving from my tutor’s side, I directly went to the exam and hadn’t stopped at home yet. I’m afraid that they are eager to know my current strength. If I’m to be killed, that would be the best result. If not, at least they could guess my current ability.”

“They?”

“Who else, obviously my lovely relatives.” Zhou Wang sneered.

“Zeze, noble circles are really a mess.” Su Hao shook his head with emotion, “Who asked this big family of yours to have such huge members? You settle this yourself, I want to go back home.”

“Alright!”

Zhou Wang nodded. Both left their contact information before Su Hao departed from the scene. Zhou Wang then called his own men to come here and settle it. This assassination had completely destroyed the good mood that Zhou Wang had.

When Su Hao came back home, his mother, Li Xiaoru and Su Ling were having dinner.

Su Hao already sent a message so the meal was just a symbolic meal. When Li Xiaoru found out about her son’s achievement, she naturally felt proud and happy. Since her son wanted to walk that road, it would be great to take the best route.

First rank in whole school!

That was a good start.

“Bro, you have to teach me next time. Last time, people were worried, but I always said that brother is never weak.” Su Ling proudly said, that childish mentality of hers was exposed again.

Su Hao patted her head, “Okay, I will listen to you.”

Looking at that scene between brother and sister, Li Xiaoru suddenly looked a little sad. Su Hao grabbed her hands, “Mum, dad is gone but you still have me and sister.”

“En.” Li Xiaoru recovered with a smile.

The family of three chatted for a moment. After finishing the meal, only Su Hao returned back to his bedroom.

Entering natural selection class, the first goal had been completed. The following goal would be to enrol into Zhanzheng College, which was also his ultimate goal.

The college which countless people look up at!

When the school reopened in August, one month would have passed. September onwards, he would officially enter the natural selection class. From tomorrow until June when the college entrance exam would be held, there was a total of 10 months left.

After the completion of the mock exam, there would be a two day break. After the break, students would begin to attend the natural selection class.

Prior to his planning to improve himself quickly, Su Hao first wanted to know what was actually in the natural selection class.

So these two days, Su Hao didn’t bother to improve himself. Taking the break days, he stayed at home to accompany his family. Occasionally, he would practice his fighting techniques to maintain the body cells’ activity in order to recover from the fatigue of this past month.

Soon, Su Hao recovered to the best condition.

*****

This chapter is sponsored by Jared Spitzer. Su Hao has found his bff ?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0042 Mysterious subway
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0042 Mysterious subway

“Su Hao!”

“Here!”

“Zhou Wang!”

“Here!”

“Bai Lingfeng!”

“Here!”

.....

The leading teacher called the names one by one according to the order on the name list as each student responded with a loud voice.

No wonder they were so excited, today was the first time they entered the natural selection class. Right now, it was the final roll call before everyone was ready to set off.

“Good, everyone is punctual.” The leading teacher nodded in satisfaction, “Since all 100 students are already here, let’s hop into the bus.”

Soon, after the students all went into the bus, the bus started moving towards downtown.

Su Hao looked through the window to enjoy the scenery. A burst of emotion appeared in his mind. If he was before, could he even think of realizing his dream? Besides observing other students in the bus, occasionally his sights would land on Chen Yiran’s eyes and they would both smile at each other.

Some things were definitely not able to be blocked distance alone.

Ignoring the look of Sun Yaotian biting his teeth, Su Hao went back to observing the surrounding scenery. Natural selection class was not in the school. It should be in another campus, that he was very sure.

However.........to everyone’s surprise, this bus stopped at a subway station.

To go to natural selection class, you have to take the subway?

Was the school that daring? Most of the students here are from rich families. They were already used to using sport cars to stroll around. How would they be willing to sit in this low-grade subway? The school shouldn’t be so poor as to not able to afford hiring private cars.

People were discussing this, but they still followed the leading teacher to the elevator.

Unexpectedly, the teacher brought them to a dark place besides an elevator that had a few words written on top: elevator for staff.

The leading teacher put his right thumb on the elevator door: ‘Fingerprint verification completed!’

“Top 33 enter first, others hold on.” After the leading teacher said indifferently, he led the students entering the elevator. The elevator was spacious but Su Hao himself was having doubts all the time.

What made one amazed the most was that Zhanghe City’s subway station was located on ground floor. Thus, generally, the elevator only had one button -1 to press. But this time, as the leading teacher handled the screen, surprisingly there was an extra button -2.

Second ground floor!

Here there was still a second ground floor?

In the eyes of crowd, the elevator door opened. Another subway station with a different style than usual appeared. Surrounded by bright lights, the so-called second ground floor only had an area about 200 square meters, which could accommodate 300 people at once.

“This place.....” Su Hao looked at the scene in front of him with great surprise. At the platform on the second ground floor, there was a pale white screen which seemed like a mysterious barrier.

A curious student touched it for a second, and suddenly a sound from an electric shock echoed. “This thing seems to protect this area like a room.”

Su Hao dropped his head and looked at the scene outside the screen. There were two thick yellow light ray tracks.

“It’s very amusing right?” Zhou Wang came over to have a chat.

Su Hao laughed, “I have sit in this subway for so many years yet I didn’t know that there was a second ground floor. But, where does this track lead to?”

“Soon you would know.” Zhou Wang said in a mysterious tone.

A moment later, the leading teacher had brought all the students down. Looking at his watch, “Not bad, there are still 30 seconds left.”

30 seconds left?

The subway was arriving?

Everyone no longer spoke, quietly waiting.

Sure enough, 30 seconds later, a light ray dashed over there. The speed was so fast that one couldn’t even see the body. When the light ray reached in front of everyone, only then did it slow down. The subway’s body was gradually revealed.

All students looked up, and immediately sucked a mouthful of cold air.

This was not like a subway at all, it was more like a steel beast!

Compared to the usual appearance of a subway, it was totally different. This subway’s appearance had clearly defined edges and numerous blades protruding out that seemed able to shoot at any second and behead everyone on the scene!

The subway’s head was modified into the shape of a ferocious beast. The headlights were a pair of terrifying eyes; it was a hideous facial expression. The windshield, meanwhile, was the opened mouth of a beast with sharp dangerous fangs.

The body of the subway was not long. There were only three compartments. In each compartment there were 100 seats, which was more than enough.

“Ka ka!”

The blades contracted and exposed three entry doors. The crowd was extremely shocked with this scene.

The leading teacher smiled. Leading everyone up the subway, everyone looked at each other for a moment. Hesitating for a while, they began to follow the teacher. It was just that when they passed by the door, they hastened their speed worrying that the door would suddenly closed.

After all students entered.

The waiting platform seemed to have detected that nobody was there. Light began to extinguish leaving the beast subway alone in darkness.

“Sou!”

The subway turned into a stream of light rays and instantly disappeared without a trace.

The dark scene outside, not knowing how much distance had been covered, finally there was light entering the subway. That moment, the subway slowed down and slowly stopped.

“Ka ka!”

The blades once again activated. From inside, nothing could be seen. Thus, all students exited the subway one by one.

Such an eye-catching scene, it really made everyone spirited.

Green hills and clear waters, the distant forest could be seen clearly. For those who trapped inside Jianghe City since young, who didn’t dare to explore outside of the city walls, the scene was really too beautiful!

Was this the downtown outside the city?

Noticing the amazed look on everyone’s faces, the leading teacher casually said, “Welcome to the natural selection class.”

Observing the surrounding scenery, Su Hao himself was also startled.

He had gone out from the city and killed berserk beasts, he could be considered as someone who had some understanding of the scenery outside. But it was completely different from the scene in front of him right now. This was definitely not the downtown of Jianghe City. Based on the speed of the beast subway, perhaps they had already left Jianghe City far away and might be in the middle of the wildness.

No wonder they were using that special kind of subway. If not, halfway through, the subway would have been destroyed by berserk beasts.

Wilderness, that was the territory of berserk beasts!

Natural selection class, it was located in between berserk beasts territories. Such courage!

“Alright, students. This subway, everyday at eight in the morning and six in the evening, there will be one trip here and back. If you want to return back to urban areas, don’t miss it then.” The leading teacher faintly said, “Now, please follow me. There’s some necessary equipment you all need to take a look at and familiarise yourselves with.”

The leading teacher led the crowd into the inner part. Along the way, he explained some basic rules about the natural selection class.

“First of all, let me tell you all. Under the circumstances that there isn’t enough preparation, don’t exit the school’s gate more than 10 meters. Exceeding 10 meters, there will be a high chance of meeting berserk beasts. As for the campus defense system, it definitely won’t be activated to help you, so you could only pray for your luck. Natural selection class is a completely free class. As long as you complete the basic tutorials and become familiar with the natural selection class, you are free to move as you like.”

“Later I’ll bring you all to receive a communication device. This is an essential tool for every student in the natural selection class. There will be a lot of records in it to help you complete your studies.”

A moment later, the leading teacher led everyone into a room. Inside, there were lots of glass cabinets with corresponding names on them with school uniforms and communication devices.

“Now, wear them!”

Natural selection class’s communication device, it was exactly the same as the ones outside. Looking at what looked to be like any ordinary wristwatch, Su Hao couldn’t differentiate them. However, to Su Hao, this was a rarity, much like a treasure.

Carefully wearing the communication device on his left wrist, Su Hao activated the device after it was fixed comfortably on his wrist. A screen appeared which showed his personal information.

“The communication device is like a microcomputer. There are some special features in it. Next time, I’ll gradually introduce them. But there’s one point which I must tell you now! In every communication device, there is a program installed. We call it the life and death command!”

When the leading teacher said so, everyone’s mind was tightened. Listening to this name, it mustn’t be good stuff!

“This so-called life and death command, it’s for the safety of natural selection class’s students. Whether you encounter danger in school or outside, you can activate it. Once activated, the school will immediately send someone to rescue you! It will be your ultimate life saver but....everyone only has three chances. When the command has been used three times, the communication device will destroy itself. In other words, you will be expelled!”

Everyone was startled when they heard the explanation. Expelled! Natural selection class can even expel students?

“As for activation, you could set it according to your preference in the system. Voice activation, fingerprint activation, body movement etc. Whatever you want, you can set it from the system menu. But the moment when the option for rescue appear, don’t simply select it or else your 3 chances will be used up....”

As the leading teacher was explaining, one student raised up his hand. “But teacher, when we are in danger, until the school sends someone to us, we would already be long dead.”

“Rest assured, since the school has guaranteed your safety, that means the school is definitely capable to do so.”

“Really?” The student muttered, “I’ll try it myself.”

The communication device had to be bound with the owner’s DNA for the screen to displayed. Unless the owner automatically allowed the screen to be shared publicly, nobody would be able to see the screen.

After messing for a while, the student then shouted, “Help!”

The very next second, everyone turned around and looked at him like an idiot. The student seemed to not care about this and said to the teacher with unsatisfied tone, “Teacher, I have activated the command just now but there is no response at all....”

The leading teacher smiled at him mysteriously. At the same time, he was staring at the student with a strange gaze.

The student felt something wrong. When he looked at everyone’s gaze, only then did he notice that they were not looking at him but behind his back!

HIs body turned stiff as he saw a middle-aged man standing behind his back!

“Ghost~~!”

*****

This chapter is sponsored by Tommy Johansson. Well, there are 3 more chapters to clear. I will try my best clearing them as fast as possible.

Like this novel? Support Yorasu Novels on and get early chapter access!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0043 Battle of honor!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0043 Battle of honor!

“Ghost~~!”

The student was scared and embarrassedly ran to one side. That was too scary, the room was surrounded by glass doors and completely transparent. Plus, he was standing in the middle of crowd. How did that man suddenly appear?

“Another idiot testing the life and death command?” The middle-aged man smiled with satisfaction, “What’s your name?”

“Li....Li Xin.” That student said while shaking.

“En, good.”

After saying that, the middle-aged man suddenly disappeared without a trace.

At that time, Su Hao had already understood the situation.

Origin ability talent!

It should be a talent that was something like instantaneous movement. That was why he was able to appear in front of the student who used the command in just a moment to save him.

Such a terrifying ability, and the school used the guy to be in a rescue team?

Thanks to that idiot student, the crowd had a thorough understanding of the life and death command. Nobody would just simply trigger the command. Li Xin, with his pale expression, said: “Teacher, that uncle won’t be angry with me right and not willing to save me next time?”

The leading teacher laughed, “Don’t worry. How would he do so? Instead, he likes you even more. After all, he charges according to number of times he is called. Each time he rescued a student, he would receive a huge sum of money. This time he rushed over without doing anything yet he earned a lot of money. How could he mind it.”

“That’s good, that’s good.” Li Xin let out a sigh.

The leading teacher then reminded, “From now on, your life and death command only has two uses left.”

“Rest assured, who knows, until I graduate, I might not even use it once.” Li Xin confidently tapped his own chest.

The leading teacher smiled and didn’t speak any further.

There was only one word that flashed through Su Hao’s mind: idiot!

Recalling last time, he had heard a line that went like this: ‘in every team one-tenth of the members would be silly idiots.’ Before that he didn’t believe it, but now he was convinced!

Having high talent didn’t mean that his IQ would be high too.

“Alright fellow students. Since you have taken all your items, all other information could be viewed from the communication device. From now on, the school’s notice, assignment request etc, you can get them all from the device itself. So now, you can have a walk around the school and familiarise yourselves with the environment.” The leading teacher said to the whole crowd.

“Oh yea, when you all graduate, I hope to be able to see you all – in complete.”

Finished his sentence, the leading teacher left the scene.

Zhou Wang and Su Hao glanced at each other. Each of them could notice that within the other’s eyes, they were filled with excitement.

Wilderness, this is the true wilderness!

Originally they thought that only after entering university would they begin to experience this, but never did they expect that in the natural selection class students would be able to start exploring the wilderness. No wonder, even Zhou Wang’s tutor wanted him to be enrolled into this class.

This place was where the real deal began!

Su Hao activated his device’s virtual screen. With the school’s map displayed, the school’s distribution was very clear.

Living area, classroom area, business district, training area, staff area. Besides staff area, other places were free for everyone’s access.

Living area, student’s hostel, eating area.

Classroom area, different courses of teaching, teaching area.

Business district, students handling work, purchasing and selling materials, requesting task, all matters related to work.

Training area, there were a lot of equipment for training and cultivation, virtual fighting, various kind of usual training regime areas.

As for the final region, staff area, it went without saying that this was the place where all the teachers and school leaders resided.

Just that..... What Su Hao found strange wasn’t that the school area was not that large, naturally it was to tighten the defence against berserk beasts. But, for just one hundred students....wasn’t it a bit too big?

While being puzzled, unexpectedly, the crowd looked at a distance and was suddenly surprised. Not far away, a student wearing natural selection class uniform was walking towards their direction.

In addition to them, there was still the existence of other students?

Each year, natural selection class would only accept 100 students, the true elites. How could there still be other people?

Who was this man?

Noticing the puzzled eyes of crowd, the student smiled as he walked here, “New students? Hi, I am Zhao Feng, last batch’s natural selection class student.”

“Last batch?” The crowd was shocked, “Last batch, then why.....”

“That can’t be helped. I didn’t pass and had to continue being assessed.” Zhao Feng smiled.

At that time the idiot, Li Xin, appeared again, “Repeaters? Even you failed to enrol into universities? Natural selection class still keeps such people? This is really ridiculous.”

Su Hao looked at him in silence. This idiot, how could he survive all those years up to now, such a miracle!

Zhao Feng’s eyes flashed and the very next second, his stature suddenly disappeared.

“Peng!”

Li Xin was severely kicked until he flew off, followed by a huge step on his face. Zhao Feng bent down and coldly said, “Little bastard, in the natural selection class, you will soon learn how to be polite.”

“Everyone, I need to go now. Bye!” Zhao Feng smiled at the crowd and then turned away. For a long time, Li Xin didn’t get up.

Everyone glanced at each other, seeing the shocked expression on other side, this man, such a strong ability!

Although Li Xin was an idiot, his ranking was tenth in the whole school! This was something he was proud of but just after arriving here, he had already been under Zhao Feng’s foot.

Zhou Wang, who was beside Su Hao, said, “The school will definitely not keep ordinary students. If there are repeaters here, that would only mean one thing. Such people only aim to enter Zhanzheng College and not others. That’s why they are repeating, such people are very terrifying!”

Su Hao nodded, “Each batch of 100 students, if 20 manage to enter Zhanzheng College, 40 students entering main universities, at least there would be 30 students choosing to repeat and try again!”

“Participating once in the college entrance exam, these kind of students, their strength isn’t to be looked down at.” Zhou Wang frowned, “Fortunately, based on what the leading teacher mentioned just now, we shouldn’t be having any interaction with them.”

“No interaction?” Su Hao’s mind moved. Activating his communication device, searching the keyword repeaters, very soon, data regarding repeaters appeared.

As what the leading teachers mentioned, all the rules and regulations could be seen from here. After viewing the search results, Su Hao was caught in surprised.

“What happened?” Zhou Wang noticed the ugly expression of Su Hao.

Su Hao selected the option to share the virtual screen. Instantly, everyone was able to see it. “Look at here, the natural selection class. Every month, there would be a battle of honor! In the virtual combat room, the one participating would be new students and repeaters!”

“No way!”

“That’s impossible!”

As the crowd looked at it, everyone began to complain for a while. Asking them to fight against the repeaters who had already gone training for one whole year, wasn’t that just bullying the weak?

“Su Hao, what’s your opinion?” Zhou Wang asked.

Su Hao pondered for a while, “It should be our school trying to push us with this method, not letting us to relax. Even if these repeaters can’t be overcome, what qualification do we have to take the college entrance exam?”

“That’s the way!”

The crowd, one by one nodded secretly. What Su Hao said was right. If they can’t even compete with these repeaters, how could they still sit for the college entrance exam?

“So, at first, we are doomed to fail. However, as new students, we have unlimited potential! Our strength could still be improved by leaps and bounds. On the other hand, the school is using this as stimulus for repeaters. If they don’t continue to work harder, they would only be able to helplessly look at new students gradually surpass them!”

“Just now, that Zhao Feng, although he didn’t show his full strength, from his moves, it could be estimated that his origin ability should be around 15, very formidable!” A student with dark expression said, “The first battle of honor will be held on the 1st of October. Most probably, we will fail badly.”

“As long as everyone does their best, everything will be fine. There’s still a long period of one month. During early stage here, I believe that we’ll have a huge boost in strength.” Su Hao smiled indifferently.

The crowd then secretly nodded again. Putting aside the battle of honor, the students began to get to know each other and discussed stuff related to the natural selection class.

But soon, a voice disrupted the harmonious atmosphere.

“Hahaha – pathetic, where is that Zhao Feng just now? He even dared to surprise attack this daddy!” Li Xin, that idiot finally got up, and angrily said: “If you are brave enough, let’s have 300 rounds then. Sneak attacks are for weakling!”

“F*ck!”

Everyone was speechless. How could this guy not be killed by the kick just now.

All students slowly exited the scene. Each group strolled around the school on their own. That bustling crowd just now, disappeared without trace.

Li Xin blankly raised his head. Looking at the empty room, what situation was this?

*****

This chapter is sponsored by Tommy Johansson.

Like this novel? Support Yorasu Novels on and get early chapter access!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0044 Bold and unrestrained tutorial teacher
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0044 Bold and unrestrained tutorial teacher

Indeed, the natural selection class’s school compound wasn’t huge. After all, there were only a few hundred plus people here. In less than half and hour, Su Hao had already finished his tour. After becoming familiar with the school compound, Su Hao went to the living area to find his room.

The rooms provided by the school were definitely not bad. Each student got their own room. It was exactly like a five-star hotel treatment, simply luxurious. It was totally different compared to urban areas with high cost land. Well, this land within the wildness wouldn’t be able to generate money anyway.

Comfortably lying down on his bed, Su Hao began to fiddle with the communication device on his wrist. Being used to the classic mobile phone, he was totally new to the virtual screen generated by the device.

Soon, Su Hao found a notice from the school.

September 1 → September 10, free to register and participate in theoretical foundation tutorial, physical fitness tutorial, combat tutorial, ability index tutorial

“Four tutorials?”

Su Hao became interested. He remembered what the leading teacher said before: Only after completing the basic tutorials would you be able take part in any activities you wanted. The so-called basic tutorials should be these?

The four tutorials during the first month in school. Su Hao continued to further check their information.

Those tutorials were actually one on one tutorials!

The advantage of natural selection class was that every teacher there was a Zhanzheng College graduate! They not only successfully enrolled into Zhanzheng College, but also graduated from there! Each one of them had an unfathomable strength!

Such strength, being able to enjoy one on one guidance, how many people dreamt of that!

When he was entering the registration system, Su Hao found that someone else had already applied for it and suddenly sneered. Some students much had found out about the announcement and quickly registered their names, fearing that other people would be ahead.

“If you register one day earlier, then you will be ahead by one day? Then that group of repeaters who had exceeded everyone by one year, wouldn’t they be a god-like existence then?”

Su Hao laughed. After finishing registration, he mass messaged all the students from this batch regarding the announcement.

In a room of an apartment.

Sun Yaotian proudly registered his name. Noticing that nobody had yet registered, he copied the announcement details to forward them to Chen Yiran. Of course, he included a ton of bullshit messages which made him feel great, saying he was the first one who noticed it, and that the first person he thought of sharing with was Chen Yiran, and so on.

After writing hundreds of words with affection, Sun Yaotian nodded in satisfaction. When he was about to send the message, his communication device rang. A forward message was sent over.

When Sun Yaotian opened the mail, he was instantly dumbfounded.

Su Hao, forwarded school announcement....... That one forward had completely destroyed all the words he had painstakingly typed. Sun Yaotian was completely angered, “This retard, don’t you know how to keep it private? You made everyone know about this announcement now. Shouldn’t you be telling this to your close friends and taking this advantage?”

At the same time, countless students received the school announcement.

Looking at the registration system, many had applied for it. If not because of Su Hao’s information, perhaps a lot of the students wouldn’t know about it for at least a few days. In the worst case, they might even miss the registration deadline, which would make them regret for the rest of their lives.

“So many people had applied but only Su Hao informed us?”

“No wonder he’s the top student. Not to mention other aspects, his golden heart is definitely incomparable!”

“Register faster. Next month we need to compete with the repeaters.”

Such a short forward message made everyone remember Su Hao. Especially those self-tutored students, they had trained non-stop for a whole two years at home. In school, they only knew a few people. Receiving such warm treatment from others was definitely a first experience for them.

Regarding that, Su Hao didn’t think much about it.

He already had the advantage of registering first. Once the meat was eaten, he naturally wouldn’t mind sharing the remaining soup with others. Moreover, at this time, he had found out that natural selection class was completely different from ordinary class, not the same at all compared with the main campus.

Here, everywhere there would be pit!

Once you fall into the pit, it would be hard to recover!

Having the advantage of registering first, in the afternoon, Su Hao received a notice about physical strengthening guidance, which stated that he had to be present at 4pm, in Room 110 in the teaching area.

At 4pm, Su Hao reached the teaching area.

Room 110, although it was called a room, it looked more like a clinic with a huge space within.

But the whole space was filled with white gauze and equipment.

A tall and sturdy man had already waited there for a long time.

Su Hao stepped forward, “Nice to meet you teacher. I’m here to take part in the tutorial training.”

“En, not bad.” The big guy nodded, “My name is Zhang Qiang, the mentor for your body strengthening. You can call me Brother Qiang or Teacher Zhang. Here isn’t the main campus, you don’t have to be restrained.”

“Yes, Teacher Zhang!” Su Hao replied.

“Sit!” Through the virtual screen, Zhang Qiang’s eyes flashed with astonishing color as he checked Su Hao’s physical fitness stats, “Your physical fitness is first in the whole school?”

“En.”

“Not bad, I like the one who’s strong in physical fitness.” Zhang Qiang grinned, “Strong ability, my ass! With my strong physical strength, they can’t even move my body no matter how they attack! You kid, are definitely my type.”

Su Hao scratched his head. It was very clear now that all the teachers were not that harmonious with each other.

“How much is your understanding in physical fitness?” Zhang Qiang looked at Su Hao as he asked.

Su Hao pondered for a moment, “Physical fitness, which reflects human body strength. This includes cell activity, muscle toughness, bone strength, sense sensitivity, skeleton....and also comprehension of the parameter of body as a whole. They have a very huge impact on the overall body strength comprehension.”

Zhang Qiang was stunned for a moment as he listened to the explanation, “Very detailed, what’s your score in theoretical foundation?”

“190 points.” Su Hao honestly answered.

“Excellent!” At the corner of Zhang Qiang’s mouth, it was slightly twitching. Then, he continued, “This teacher of yours only scored 100 points in theoretical foundation.”

Su Hao began to sweat!

No wonder the teacher had that expression just now, he totally didn’t understand Su Hao’s explanation. Damn, just arrived and I had already steped on his tail!

“190 points, during my time in Zhanzheng College, only those abnormal freaks would get such a result.” Zhang Qiang continued with a slight hint of nostalgia, “It had been a long time since I last saw one with such high score in theoretical foundation.”

Su Hao no longer interrupted, worrying he might say something wrong.

Zhang Qiang glanced at him, “Hehe, it’s good to have a high score in theoretical foundation. Those few good friends of mine said that I’m only all brawn and no brains! You kid, next time give me some pointers, understand?”

“Yes!” Su Hao at this stage, had already sweated a huge deal.

“Continue the topic just now, let me inform you. What cell activity, muscle toughness etc, those are all bullshit!”

Zhang Qiang sneered, “That is what a biologist need to know. You as a student, to think all these for what?”

“You have to remember that physical fitness is nothing more than your own strength! Defense! Agility! Strength refers to how hard you attack your foe. Defense is none other than how well you can take all the beatings, and agility is how fast can you evade the incoming attack!”

Su Hao listened until he was stunned on the spot.

Ten thousands of thoughts madly passed by within his heart....

Is this teacher really a graduate from Zhanzheng College?

This is more than a simple minded person, this was simply a one-cell organism!

“Pa!”

Zhang Qiang with a slap, hit Su Hao’s head, “Brat, what are you thinking?”

“No, nothing.” Su Hao said with a pale color on his face.

“Your physical fitness is not bad. 300 points, such a score is more than enough to enter Zhanzheng College.” Zhang Qiang began to speak highly, “Beginner body strengthening fluid, intermediate body strengthening fluid, advanced body strengthening fluid, perfect enhancement from 100 to 300 points, even a large family would have to spend quite a fortune for this. You kid, which family heir are you from?”

Su Hao’s mouth puffed, “Teacher, I am just from ordinary family.”

“Trying to lie to a ghost?” Zhang Qiang was unhappy, “Just now, I just praised you for being smart. How can an average family afford to buy that much drug which costs billions of star dollars for perfect enhancement?”

Su Hao honestly said: “Teacher, I only took beginner body strengthening drugs before.”

Zhang Qiang was caught in surprised for a moment, “Your origin ability is body strengthening? No, that’s not right. I have already seen it just now. Yours is something model whatever thingy right? Totally not related to physical fitness. Your 300 points, how did you obtain it?”

Su Hao scratched his head, “I myself practiced until 150 points and then enhanced with black market strengthening drug.”

Zhang Qiang’s facial expression turned into a grave one, “Black market strengthening drugs? You actually raised a total of 150 points? And it was from 150 all the way to 300 points?”

“Yes!” Su Hao nodded.

Zhang Qiang’s expression now turned even more strange. Looking at Su Hao’s heart, he was very worried, he slowly took his time before opening his mouth, “Last time, when I was 150 points, I also took such a drug.”

Su Hao’s eyes lit up.

“However, I relied on my origin ability which was a body strengthening type. That was why I dared to take it. Almost letting myself become crippled, I eventually raised to 280 points!”

Su Hao recalled back the situation at that time. If he was to take it again, he dare not guarantee that his life would be able to stay intact.

Looking at him, Zhang Qiang understood, “This kid, you are even braver than me.”

“Through scientific research, the limit score for physical fitness is 400 points! Reaching 400 points represents the limit of the human body. This also means that getting over the limit is most probably due to interference from an origin ability. After years of testing, once physical fitness exceeds 400 points, the extra points would be counted as ability index.”

Zhang Qiang faintly said, “This point, you must be very clear about it.”

“Yes.” Su Hao nodded. In theoretical foundations, there was such information.

“400 points, it looks simple. Only very few students were able to achieve such in high school. Only after entering Zhanzheng College that you all would madly rush to 400 points. There, it is the true stage for geniuses and freaks!”

Zhang Qiang said.

“Very few students could get such a score in high school?”

Su Hao felt somehow strange, “Aren’t those with body strengthening ability able to easily push themselves to reach the 400 mark?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0045 A mad choice
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0045 A mad choice

“Very few students could get such a score in high school?”

Su Hao felt somehow strange, “Aren’t those with body strengthening ability able to easily push themselves to reach the 400 mark?”

Zhang Qiang clicked his tongue, “Physical fitness which exceeds 400 points would be moved to ability index. However, there’s no such concept of upgrading your physical fitness with your origin ability. Even if it’s a physical reinforcement ability, the system will automatically separate them. Ability enhancement is ability enhancement, physical enhancement is physical enhancement!”

“So it’s like this.” Su Hao suddenly understood.

In a simple way, all the physical fitness increments due to ability would be counted as ability index. During a physical fitness test, the system will completely neglect the enhancement by origin ability and only measure the basic parameters of the body.

However, with origin ability and some drug agents, the body might undergo some slight impact and enhancement which was impossible might be detected. That was the very reason why once physical fitness exceed 400 points, the extra points would be considered as ability index.

“The most popular and also most enhance one in the market, advanced body strengthening drug, is used to increase from 250 to 300 points. And from 300 to 400 points, that journey would be extremely difficult.”

Zhang Qiang continued, “No matter what, as you are approaching the limit, this time when you try to increase your physical fitness, it’ll be more difficult!”

Su Hao then thought to himself, wasn’t his theoretical foundation the same thing too?

“Therefore, Zhanzheng College had researched a custom set of body forging methods specifically for those over 300 points to train.”

Zhang Qiang faintly said, “Being able to enter Zhanzheng College, most of them were from rich families and also from the elites ones! Just like that Chen Yifeng last time, being able to perfectly fuse the drug in his body, achieving 300 points.”

“Thus, when they are in Zhanzheng College, the one they would be practicing is none other than this custom body forging method!” Zhang Qiang glanced at Su Hao and then laughed for a second, “You kid, are different from others. You are too brave that you reached this border of 300 points this early. This means that you can start practising this method earlier!”

Su Hao’s eyes lit up, “Teacher, want to teach me about it?”

“In your dreams!” Zhang Qiang clicked his tongue, “You know what the name of this lesson is?”

“Body strengthening tutorial.”

“Yes, tutorial! What I can give you is the method! I can tell you what the method to upgrade your physical fitness is, but the specific details on upgrading it, that’s your own problem.” Zhang Qiang said with a sinister laugh.

Su Hao clicked his tongue, “Teacher, don’t tell me you also don’t know about the method.”

Zhang Qiang sneered, “Stop joking, if I didn’t have a perfect 400 points in physical fitness, how could I guide you all?”

“400 points!”

Su Hao was completely awed by his statement. Although he had speculated that Zhang Qiang’s physical fitness reached the max, never did he expect that that was really the case!

“Then, could you at least tell me how to get this body forging method?” Surrendering himself, Su Hao asked.

“Simple!” Zhang Qiang laughed, “The school store sells it, just buy it directly from there!”

Su Hao no longer said anything. Advanced body strengthening drug already cost tens of millions. That much more terrifying body forging method, how much more expensive that would be? Moreover, the school’s currency was definitely not star dollars!

Noticing Su Hao had been shocked, Zhang Qiang continued, “A lot of things which could be obtained outside or stuff from Zhanzheng College, you can buy them here! However, what we use here isn’t cash, but task point! After completing the tutorial courses, you will know then. The school will announce some tasks and each of them will have corresponding task points. When you have accumulated enough points, naturally you’ll be able to buy it.”

Su Hao nodded. This was a reasonable approach indeed.

However....in addition to this, he could use other methods to obtain it. For example....

Su Hao raised his head and looked at Zhang Qiang. Model analysis. Start!

Within Su Hao’s eyes, a flash of light appeared. When the surrounding environment had not completely changed, “Pa ji!” With a slap, Zhang Qiang hit Su Hao’s head. That action forcefully interrupted Su Hao’s ability.

“Brat, what are you looking at?”

“Uh....” Su Hao had a cold sweat, he had been caught?

“You thought that your origin ability could be activated secretly right?” With his sinister smile, Zhang Qiang laughed.

Su Hao nodded.

“You all with those underhand methods, they could only cheat those little guys. If the strength gap is too huge, the foe could easily perceive changes in your origin ability. Not to mention, there are also a lot of people with perceiving ability, complete counter to all these strange origin ability.”

Zhang Qiang said with disdain, “As a school teacher, every year we have to teach so many students. Do you think we would let you all use abilities on us and discriminate against us?”

Su Hao bitterly smiled. That was the the first time he had been caught using his ability.

“This isn’t to guard against you. Hey, I remember there was one term, I met one little girl. Her ability turned out to be see through! F*ck, my strong and burly body had nearly been seen through naked!”

The corner of Su Hao’s mouth twitched slightly.

“So, remember this. Don’t simply use your ability on others. Although it’s very subtle, some people always have ways to detect it. Doing so in school might not be a problem, but if you carelessly use it outside, you could be directly marked as an enemy.” Zhang Qiang said as he patted Su Hao’s shoulder.

Su Hao’s was surprised!

Yes!

What if he himself found out that someone used an ability on him? Of course, Su Hao wouldn’t hesitate to attack! What if that was some strange assault ability, then wouldn’t he have to die miserably?

He himself had neglected the possibility until now.

His ability was model analysis. The ones who knew about it obviously wouldn’t care. Even he couldn’t deny the possibility of him being found out using his origin ability: Chen Yiran, Chen Yifeng, and the school teacher would allow him to comfortably use his ability. After all, who would bother someone who was wasting his energy using such a useless ability?

But outside, things would be different....

That one slap of Zhang Qiang could be considered as completely clearing his cloudy mind!

Be careful! Cautious!

Recalling back what Teacher Yang had once told them, “My fellow students, when it’s time to learn, learn properly. Once you step into this world’s society, you will then be aware of how scary and messed up this world is!”

Su Hao was pretty sure that Zhang Qiang used the custom body forging method to get that 400 max points. Too bad.....he couldn’t see and helplessly stared at the prize in front.

“Your body condition is different from the rest. This is also the very reason for this tutorial session.” Zhang Qiang faintly said, “You have never use intermediate body strengthening drug and above. In theory, once over 300 points, even if you use advanced body strengthening drug, the effect achieved would be very minimal. However, there’s one exception, black market drug!”

Su Hao’s eyes shined, yes!

One bottle of beginner body strengthening drug could push him all the way to 300 points. What if he consumed intermediate and advanced?

“Don’t think too much.” Zhang Qiang glared at him, “Even if it’s a black market drug, in the condition that your are over 300 points, its effect could be completely ignored. The only role it could play is by using the side effect to enhance your body. If you could obtain it, you can try. However, I don’t recommend you to take this route. This is too risky.”

“En.” Su Hao nodded.

After asking some information about physical fitness, Su Hao then bitterly left the class. Not able to get past the hurdle that was Zhang Qiang, it seemed that he could only use other methods to get his hand on the body forging method.

That was the first day coming to natural selection class.

One lesson of body strengthening tutorial had allowed him to have a clearer image of his next step.

Zhang Qiang had provided him two routes!

In any case, that should be enough right?

One route which was safe and steady. By practising body forging method and slowly enhancing physical fitness, he should be able to slowly push 300 points all the way to 400 points.

As for the other route, which was the extreme one, through intermediate and advanced black market body strengthening drug, using their side effect, he could make a huge leap and advancement. Perhaps he could even harvest that last 100 points.

Of course, no matter which route he took, the capital require was definitely huge!

“Which one to pick?”

Su Hao thought for a moment. Finally, a decision was made.

Smooth or extreme choice?

No!

Su Hao was now considering whether to take either one route or both at once!

He was very clear of his own problems. Although with his current terrifying 1200 points advantage, ranked first within his batch, he knew very well that his enhancement was approaching the limit!

Relying on his grade E origin ability to get extra points, that would be impossible.

Thus, whatever chance he had to upgrade, he must not waste any!

“First, I would use body forging method to enhance my 300 points to 400. Then, I would use the side effect of black market body strengthening drugs to rake in additional points, which would then be added to the ability index.” Su Hao pondered for a moment, he had completed his analysis on the route he was going to take.

As long as he was able to complete both routes, without any accidents, he should be able to enhance an additional 200 points.

Regarding the college entrance exam, he was one step closer now!

If Zhang Qiang knew about Su Hao’s plan, he would probably think that Su Hao was crazy!

Let’s not mention the risky move first, body forging method and black market strengthening drug, which one of them wouldn’t cost a tremendous amount? Although body forging method could be obtained at the school, how many years would he need to accumulate enough points to buy it?

Not to mention that expensive price tag, even if it was task points, everyone would at first prioritise buying stuff to enhance origin ability. Who would spend countless of task points on the body forging method which would be free when they enrol in Zhanzheng College?

“I will!”

Su Hao looked at the gradually darken sky, “Sometimes, I also wish to see how far I can actually go.”

*****

Do check out my other project . There are currently 10 chapters translated. Chapter 10 will be released in another 3 hours. Try reading it, I promise this novel would be as entertaining as GMC too.

Also, I plan to do a daily release from now on. This is not a promise but I will try my best to be a hardworking slave ?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0046 Bolder and more unrestrained teacher
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0046 Bolder and more unrestrained teacher

The following day, early in the morning, Su Hao received a notice about his tutorial class. This time....turned out to be the ability index tutorial.

“Ability index?”

Su Hao felt headache. If he said that he didn’t want to participate in this tutorial, would people believe him?

In the Origin Ability Association’s official rating, model analysis was a grade E origin ability.

Unless Su Hao was able to prove himself to the association that his model analysis was that formidable, the countless complex operations coupled with huge energy consumption would not change the Association’s assessment.

“Re-register my new ability?”

Su Hao considered this. After all, his origin ability had undergone mutation.

But if he was to do so, the incident where he killed the mysterious man might be exposed. Also, if other students knew about his new ability, they would always keep him in their sights, and eventually when he tried to enhance himself, it will be even more difficult.

Therefore, he absolutely must not register it!

Shaking his head, Su Hao threw that idea of his aside. His main purpose in continuing to improve himself was for reason other than to be strong enough to protect his family. If he was able to be strong with the promise of his family being in danger, what was the point of his struggle then?

Room 120.

Su Hao walked into the room. Compared to Zhang Qiang’s clinic style room, it was completely different and pretty much normal, filled with numerous pieces of testing equipment.

“You’re Su Hao?”

A soft voice came over. Su Hao looked forward, and a woman wearing red dress walked towards him.

That widened V-neckline on her chest and her snow white skin were pleasing to the eyes. With her slightly curly brown hair resting over her shoulders, and her red dress only covering half of her thighs, that pair of slender legs became the main attraction as they were completed with a pair of beautiful red high heels.

Su Hao sucked a mouthful of air.

If Chen Yiran was an elegant lotus, then this woman was without doubt a blooming red rose. That sexiness and attractiveness, her body was full of endless temptation.

This was the instructor for ability index?

Su Hao forcefully calmed himself down, “Teacher, hello. I’m Su Hao and I’m here to participate in the ability index tutorial.”

“En, sit down. You can just call me Su Wan.”

Su Wan flicked her long soft hair back and elegantly sat in front of Su Hao. That skin tight red dress did its part in revealing her hot body figure to Su Hao.

“Teng!”

The evil fire within Su Hao’s heart began to go on a rampage!

That bastard.

For a juvenile who had just finished puberty, wasn’t this a bit too much? Feeling that the little brother in his crotch was about to stand up and salute, Su Hao madly cursed in his heart.

Such a woman near perfection and full of temptation, if not for his heart already belonging to Chen Yiran, Su Hao would have lost control of himself long time ago.

After his anger went down a bit, Su Hao raised his head. That pleasing slight smile of Su Wan, that little movement of her red lip, her pair of spotless white leg closing together; as she leaned forward slightly, an aroma of hers began to attack.

Feeling that his body was about to go out of control again, Su Hao unnaturally closed his legs.

As Su Wan smiled ambiguously, one hand of hers touched Su Hao’s shoulder as she slowly moved downwards from his shoulder.

(TL: Sexual assault! Calling police now...)

“Shua!”

Su Hao moved his hand and grabbed Su wan’s hand. As his lowered head was slowly raised up, a trace of embarrassment could be seen in his eyes!

Shoulder throw!

Peng!

At that time, Su Hao didn’t care if she was a woman, and turned around and performed his shoulder throw perfectly. As the woman was thrown to the ground, his knees immediately pinned her down. At the same time, his right elbow directly struck at the woman’s clavicle.

“Who are you? Where is teacher?” Su Hao asked coldly.

“.....”

Within the woman’s eyes, a flash of surprise and also a trace of irony was present.

“Shua!”

Su Hao suddenly felt that it was empty below him; the figure of the woman pinned down by him disappeared. Standing up, Su Hao quickly turned back. To his surprise, Su Wan once again appeared.

However, that red dress had been changed into a beautiful, yet luxurious blue cheongsam.

“Hello, I am Su Wan, instructor for ability index.” Su Wan showed a sweet smile as she stretched out her right hand.

Su Hao clenched his hand. He was somehow at a loss now. How could there be such a completely different style? Those variety of temptations just a moment ago had turned icy cold.

“Teacher, just now....” Su Hao asked.

“Just now what?” Su Wan faintly smiled at him.

“Could it be that you were testing your student?” Su Hao asked carefully.

Su Wan rolled her eyes, “Little guy, you are saying that for every student coming to my class, I will let them take advantage of me?”

“Of course not.” Su Hao madly sweated.

“A!” Su Wan laughed in a small tone. “Such treatment, nobody besides you received it. The student who came before you was Chen Yiran. Her talent is good. As for her characters, it’s not bad either. Since I like her, I decided to take her as my disciple.”

Su Hao was shocked.

Disciples and students were completely different matters. Teaching students was a teacher’s responsibility and also the school’s work. But accepting a disciple, that was all on her own accord. It was totally not the same concept!

To be able to be a disciple of natural selection class instructor, it was naturally an honor for Chen Yiran.

But....This teacher was really too overbearing!

That move just now, it was totally just to seduce people. If he was not able to control himself, perhaps he would have fallen head over heels. Being trapped by this woman, Su Hao would feel ashamed to meet Chen Yiran in the future.

Thinking of that, Su Hao’s expression turned ugly.

“Well, not bad. Overall, you are fairly satisfactory.” Su Wan nodded in satisfaction and looked at him, “Plus, those with the family name Su are quite rare. A few hundred years ago, we were still a family. Fast response, strong control, you really suit Yiran. It’s just that your move was a bit too aggressive....”

Su Wan rubbed her wrist, which was a bit red. It was very clear that Su Hao’s throw was completely out of her expectations.

Su Hao was too lazy to pay any attention to her.

So what if she was a teacher? Today he attended this ability index tutorial, besides origin ability cultivation and its like, he was not interest in others.

His own ability, he was the one who was clear about it the most. It was a totally hopeless case for him.

He dared to say that in the whole natural selection class, he was the only student with a grade E origin ability.

Moreover, the incident just now made it so that Su Hao didn’t have a good impression on the teacher. If not for the school curriculum requiring completion of basic tutorial, he might not even attend this class. Right now, he just wanted to quickly finish this tutorial.

“You aren’t that old, yet your temper is huge.” Su Wan laughed, “Alright, next it will be the real ability index tutorial. What is your origin ability?”

“Grade E model analysis.” Su Hao replied.

“En.” Su Wan looked at the information on the screen. “400 points in ability index, with advanced cultivation method 200 points. Your ability talent only accounted for exactly 200 points. But for grade E talent, you have worked really hard.”

Su Hao seriously listened to her.

“To increase ability index, there are two options. The first one, it is similar to origin ability cultivation method. Enhancing the upper limit of the energy and faster restoration rate. As for the other one, it would be origin ability talent upgrade. This upgrade is none other than the strength of your origin ability! When these two aspects combine together perfectly, then only the most perfect enhancement would occur.”

“But as for your case, it’s an exception.”

“To be frank, I have already taught so many batches before, yet I have never encountered one with grade E talent in the natural selection class! The only one with a lower grade was that Sun Yaohui from a previous batch. However, that guy had a terrifying talent in pharmacy. Such hidden ability, nobody would be able to understand much about it. As for model analysis....can you briefly describe it?”

“Alright!”

Su Hao nodded, “Model analysis is to analyse anything and then establish its model!”

Su Wan touched her forehead, “Not that. That information is what the exam assessment said. I also have it here. What I want is the usual situation when you are using your ability.”

Su Hao shrugged, “It could only create a 3D model within my mind only.”

“Well, hold on....” Su Wan selected something on the screen. Very soon, the data regarding Su Hao’s mock exam appeared. “The data from the college entrance examination, I don’t have the authority to look at it but for the mock exam, I can still see it.”

The virtual screen enlarged, in the screen, it showed the scene where Su Hao was taking the exam.

Su Hao was busy condensing a model composed of blue light. After seeing it for a few moment, Su Wan had come to understand, “So, this is the case.”

“Model analysis, such an ability, I have seen it several times. But they were at the bottom level that they couldn’t even qualify to enter a normal university.” Su Wan faintly said and was ready to close the video.

But at that moment, in the virtual screen, within Su Hao’s hand, a perfect model appeared. It was completely different from the model just now composed of only blue light. That was exactly the same as the original object.

“This...” Su Wan was overawed.

*****

No harem sadly and a small cliff ?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0047 Rigid target
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0047 Rigid target

“No wonder, with only an E grade talent, you rushed all the way to 200 points. With such a degree of model analysis, I’m afraid that this ability has already reached its peak.”

The assessment from the Origin Ability Association was not entirely meant just to assess the present ability, but it was also to assess the potential of the ability.

For example, with an E grade ability, why had Su Hao never considered enhancing his model analysis? How to improve his ability accurately and increase the score in the ability index?

It was because he was very clear that his current ability had hit the wall!

There was no longer any room or potential for any improvement.

Su Hao remembered that when he first activated his origin ability, he only managed to obtain 20 points. The so-called model analysis at that time could only create several simple lines.

Subsequently, through his mad training for one year, Su Hao managed to push his score to 100 points!

But that was all.

After that year, no matter how hard he tried, his ability no longer showed any progress. Su Hao understood very well that his grade E ability would most probably stagnate there and no longer showed even the slightest hint of improving.

That was the very reason why Su Hao had never considered improving his origin ability from the aspect of the ability index.

Later, relying on his cheat during the exam, he was able to get such a score. An additional 100 points, which brought him to a total of 200 points. For a grade E talent, that was already an extremely excellent score.

“Although this does not have much combat ability but.....so beautiful.” Su Wan exclaimed.

Su Hao: “....”

So, what caught her surprise was that?

Subsequently, Su Wan couldn’t move her eyes away from the Ling grass that Su Hao demonstrated, nor the herbal garden which had a soaringly high degree of complexity.

After the video finished played, Su Wan began to request while facing Su Hao, “Now, demonstrate that to me.”

“How to show?” Su Hao asked.

Su Wan brought Su Hao in front of a device. The moment she selected to activate the device, the surrounding environment instantly changed. The beautiful beach scenery was exactly the same compared to last time during the mock exam. Just that, now there was an additional Su Wan beside him.

“This is the natural selection class’s 3D virtual environment device. Hold on for a while....”

Su Wan ran to another corner to press a button. A notification popped out within Su Hao’s mind, “Exam system requests connection, confirm?”

“Confirm!”

Su Hao chose to confirm.

“Alright, now build a model.” Su Wan said.

Su Hao: “....”

Using so many advanced devices, it was all just for the sake of building a model for her?

Was it really just to see his ability?

Su Hao was very doubtful of that!

The same doubt once again appeared within his heart. Was this teacher really a graduate from Zhanzheng College? Don’t tell me that principal spent 200 star dollars to hire some random teacher?

However, since the teacher already requested for him to do so, he could only follow accordingly.

Model analysis, start!

Shua!

Within Su Hao’s hand, a flash appeared but nothing came out.

His ability had been blocked.

Su Hao’s mind moved. Why not take this opportunity to let Su Wan deactivate the block and then use it to obtain some new cards?

This was indeed a golden opportunity!

“Teacher, my ability had been blocked.” Su Hao said helplessly.

“O, really?”

Su Wan nodded. She then removed her own shielding ability. Su Hao’s mind then immediately activated his ability, “Model analysis, start!”

Shua!

Su Wan’s model began to slowly establish its shape. A perfect woman appeared within Su Hao’s hand, slowly turning around accompanied by rays of flashing light. Looking at the scene, it was a beauty.

“So beautiful!” Su Wan was shocked. For a woman, her resistance towards a beauty naturally would be extremely weak!

Su Hao was just about to analyse Su Wan’s ability and establish the cards when a thread of light appeared from Su Wan’s model. His heart quickened as Su Hao immediately cut off his ability.

Fortunately, Su Wan was in the middle of enjoying the model. She didn’t notice that abrupt change in Su Hao’s expression.

“Damn it!”

How could you ignore that?

If he tried to establish anything right now, any slight change in the model would be shown in front of Su Wan. Once he tried to analyse her ability, his ability would definitely be exposed!

Trying to build a permanent model?

The moment when Su Hao activated his ability to do so, the origin ability energy consumption was like a waterfall. Stopping his action the very next second, this character model, the consumption was too large!

For the current him, he still couldn’t afford it.

Su Wan stared at the model for a long time and finally began to open her mouth, “Your ability isn’t bad. Now you can deactivate it.”

“Alright!”

Su Hao dispersed the model. The numerous devices surrounding them were switched off and both returned back to the supposed classroom environment. Su Hao took the opportunity to quickly establish a model of Su Wan to analyse but ....nothing!

Once again, she activated that shield of hers.

Regarding this, Su Hao could only bitterly smile.

“Alright, now I completely understand your ability.” Su Wan faintly said, “I will just be frank to you. Your ability is completely useless for survival and combat.”

“Well, I know.” Su Hao nodded.

“Although it’s beautiful, you can contribute to the city construction or some model activities. But to fight and try to survive, especially in the wildness, you can give up on your ability.” Su Wan didn’t hold back in her comment at all.

Su Hao smiled awkwardly, “Understood!”

“If you can understand then it’s good.” Su Wan nodded, “Ability talent is mostly measured for combat and survival but....you are completely on neither side. To tell you the truth, your ability should be in lowest grade F instead.”

“Why so?” Su Hao was a bit doubtful.

“Let me ask you this, what is an origin ability?” Su Wan looked at him and asked.

“Isn’t origin ability a comprehensive evaluation on the overall performance?”

“Wrong! A big cross!” Su Wan continued, “Origin ability isn’t a reflection of your performance. Do you think that Origin Ability Association has that much time to purposely come out with a guidance in an assessment? Then why not just use comprehensive assessment during the college entrance only? Why is there still this standard for origin ability?”

“Don’t know.” Su Hao was at a loss.

“Let me tell you. Origin ability isn’t only to show the score. Origin ability is the true rigid standard during a battle and survival!” Su Wan faintly said, “Origin ability is the best standard to know whether the person is strong or not.”

Su Hao frowned, “But in school, there are still some students with origin ability of 5 that defeat those with 6. Such cases are very common. Even when I was 6.8, I was still able to completely suppress Sun Yaotian that time!”

“Really?”

Su Wan didn’t ask anything further about this and continued her own question, “This then leads to another question? What is combat then? Is it only just fighting?”

“Combat is naturally fighting, or not what else?” Su Hao was getting annoyed. Suddenly, the topic was changed into a philosophical discussion.

“You still don’t understand.” Su Wan shook her head, “Combat is divided into many aspects and isn’t just fighting. Let me tell you a story. I have a senior. His origin ability was high but fighting capability was super weak. Everytime, he would lose in any challenge by other fellow students. This was because his origin ability was natural toxin. Although it’s a grade B talent, it’s completely useless in combat.”

Su Hao listened to her seriously.

“Thus he was ridiculed as high school price of Zhanzheng College. Anyone knew that he was just a waste with a high origin ability. Until later on, during a mission when an unexpected situation occurred, that kind of scene was not something you could imagine.”

A tide of berserk beast....

Su Hao had experience that first hand. A tide of low-leveled beasts was already that scary. As for a tide of high-levelled beasts?

“That time, all the people who were participating the mission might not have been able to retain their life. He began to take action. Standing in front of all the students, he produced a barrier to surround them. Within a radius of ten meters, all the nearby berserk beast were no longer able to breathe! From that moment on, everyone knew that this senior’s ability was that formidable! That seemingly useless origin ability, facing berserk beast, it was an ultimate weapon!” Su Wan told with an energetic enthusiasm.

“Origin ability standard existence is definitely for something. Some are able to improve their combat capability, some in other random aspects. For someone with high origin ability but weak individual strength, you must be even more careful with such a person. Where exactly was his origin ability added to?”

Su Hao’s mind shivered!

Yes!

Facing such a person, you should be even more cautious right?

This was the era of origin ability!

This was an era when anything was possible!

Those few words from Su Wan had awaken Su Hao once again. The things he wanted to learn, there were too many!

*****

Celebrated my day today with a simple little cheese cake, Perhaps next year I will be able to do so with my special one, hopefully ?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0048 Challenge from repeaters
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0048 Challenge from repeaters

“Do you understand now?”

“Understood!”

“That’s good then. The performance of origin ability isn’t just a simple digit. As for others, you will eventually know about them in the future.” Su Wan faintly said, “Let us continue to analyse your origin ability on how to increase your ability index.”

Su Wan changed the topic back to Su Hao’s ability index.

“With these two aspects of ability index, your ability talent of 200 points has gone all the way to the limit. The only possibility for you to enhance ability index now are ability cultivation methods! So, if you want to keep improving your ability index, it will be through increasing your upper limit and rate of recovery.”

“However, because you have already mastered advanced cultivation method, you will require a higher cultivation method in order to go further ahead.” Su Wan showed a mysterious smile, “That isn’t something which you can buy from any random shop.”

Su Hao’s face turned ugly, “Is it using task point to purchase again?”

“Huh? So you do know too. Seems that you already went to another tutorial class before this.” Su Wan excitedly asked, “It hasn’t even been a day yet, which class did you participate in?”

“Teacher Zhang Qiang’s class.”

“Puff!”

Su Wan then continued, “He saw your 190 points. He had nothing to say?”

“He did say something.” Su Hao scratched his head, “He said that his few funny friends called him simple minded, brain made of muscles....”

Su Wan’s laughter instantly stopped, her face turned vivid, “I’m the funny student he talked about.”

Su Hao: “....”

“Alright, smelly brat. Get up now!” Su Wan snappily said, “If not because for Yiran’s face, I would have already sent you off from the very beginning.”

Although her words weren’t polite, she still told the final conclusion to Su Hao.

“Under normal circumstances, these are only supplementary. The breakthrough of your ability is the focus of the tutorial. But since your ability has already reached the limit, I really have nothing to guide you. If you want to enhance your ability index, then do more tasks and accumulate task points to exchange for a better cultivation method from the store.”

“En! Thanks teacher!”

Su Hao nodded and then rushed out from the classroom.

He received no guidance in ability talent but in this class, Su Hao did harvest quite a sum!

Perhaps it was due to Chen Yiran’s face or the teacher feeling sorry for not being able to teach him anything, that knowledge and experience was shared with him!

Especially those related to origin ability, they had directly made Su Hao awaken!

Since Origin Ability Association had made a standard for each ability talent, obviously there would be a standardised measurement. Grade A was stronger than grade B, such a conclusion was obviously the result after countless calculation. For any ability which exceeded his own, they naturally had their own significance.

Unfortunately......all the repeaters in natural selection class had origin abilitys which exceed his own.

That was so unfair!

Su Hao helplessly shook his head as he walked back.

Currently, within the campus, everyone was busy attending respective tutorial classes. Occasionally, they could be seen leaving the classroom with excitement. Seems that one on one guidance was really beneficial.

There were a total of four basic tutorial classes. Su Hao had participated in two of them, and each time he benefited from the lesson.

The most interesting part was that Su Hao felt that what he gained the most from was not even about the enhancement but the personal experiences from the teachers.

For example, the shielding ability mentioned by Zhang Qiang and the correlation between fighting capability with origin ability.

That was extremely valuable information!

“There are two tutorials left. I mustn’t miss any of them.” Su Hao secretly thought.

After having his dinner at the cafeteria, Su Hao was ready to go back to his room. However, during his journey back to his apartment, he was blocked.....one repeater stopped him on the road. And what made him more surprised was the reason for blocking him.

“What did you say?”

Su Hao thought that he had heard it wrongly.

Zhao Feng smiled, “The task which I received was to challenge the rank 1 of current batch. Only now did I know that you are the one holding first rank. Since I had already introduced myself yesterday, I don’t think there is any need to do so again.”

Su Hao: “....”

Even he himself had become the target of someone’s task?

The so-called task even included such tasks? Wasn’t that a bit too much?

“Your task, I’m probably not obliged to cooperate right?” Su Hao shrugged his shoulder as a sign of ignoring him. The old student still dared to bully newbie, was he that thick faced?

Zhao Feng nodded, “Of course you are not obliged to. However, one month from now, repeaters and new students will be participating in a battle of honor. As for now, not daring to accept the challenge from this repeater, your reputation will be greatly affected.”

Su Hao laughed, “I don’t care.”

Zhao Feng was caught in surprise. That isn’t right....... yesterday when he met Su Hao, he noticed that Su Hao was the core of the group. Plus, being ranked first in the whole batch, with such a character, wouldn’t he care about his reputation? This brat...

In general, first ranked students should be the kind like Chen Yifeng, soaring all the way to the top! From the first exam onwards, such legends would already been destined. With a climbing reputation, naturally he would be the leader in the eyes of the new students.

How could he imagine that Su Hao was actually a bastard who didn’t care about his face at all.

Seeing him not replying, Su Hao actually turned his body away. Others’ task wasn’t a matter with which he should bother. After all, he didn’t want to be abused when he reached here just recently.

“Eh~” Zhao Feng noticed the departure of Su Hao, “You aren’t interested in task point?”

Su Hao’s figure halted, “What do you mean?”

“Every year during this time, repeaters would take this opportunity to challenge student ranked first! Depending on who managed to snatch such a task first, the winner would get task points, but the loser.......would also obtain corresponding task points according to agreement.”

“Oh?” Su Hao’s eyes lit up.

As for the blow on the morale of new students one month later?

Who cares about that shit!

Students who participate in college entrance exam shouldn’t felt any disgrace!

“How much is your origin ability?” Su Hao suddenly asked.

Zhao Feng was surprised at the question. At first, he decided to keep it a secret but seeing Su Hao’s figure who was getting ready to leave, he was left with no choice, “13!”

13 points, exactly 1 point ahead of Su Hao. No wonder he was so confident! As you reach later stages, it would get harder and harder to enhance your origin ability. Anything above 1 point, you would be greatly suppressed by your foe in a duel.

And the true fact was that, it wasn’t even just 1 point.

That was because Su Hao’s ability was model analysis. In fighting, it had not usage at all. If he were to exclude his ability index, the remaining points for his origin ability were only a mere 8 points!

Compared to the previous batch of first ranked students, repeaters were very happy to see him.

Zhao Feng was naturally one of those. Last year, when he was successful in enrolling in the natural selection class with 9 points, he later had to struggle for one whole year and rush all the way to 13 points. Yet, he still couldn’t touch the borderline of Zhanzheng College’s standard.

However, having the courage to stay and repeat, he was convinced that it was all because he hadn’t accumulated enough task points. As long as he was patient in accumulating task points until they were enough, he would be able to exchange something to improve his ability.

Thus, new students would never be able to imagine the perseverance of repeaters on task points.

When Su Hao’s result was out, the repeaters had already done their research. As a result, this batch’s challenge task was just free points!

Even challenging Zhou Wang, the second ranked student would be extremely difficult. That terrifying grade A origin ability was not a joke. As for Su Hao, it would be a totally opposite story instead. Although his exam score wasn’t low, it didn’t affect his fighting capability much.

Thus, the moment when the task was out, everyone wanted to grab the opportunity at once!

And with his fast eyes, Zhao Feng naturally had the privilege to snatch it first.

“Really 13 points?”

Su Hao pondered for a moment. If the guy dared to say that his origin ability was 15 points, Su Hao would have turned away without any doubt. But 13 points, it isn’t necessary that an upset wouldn’t occur.

For him, he won’t lose anything in this task!

“Alright, I agree!”

Su Hao nodded.

Zhao Feng was delighted, “Come, let’s go to sparring building!”

Both figures walked towards the direction of sparring building. For these repeaters, challenging newbies and losing their face was something they would do without closing their eyes. After all, such things like honor, they had already thrown and fed it to the dog a long time ago.

The moment when Su Hao agreed on the task, almost every students received a message about it.

“Repeater Zhao Feng challenges this batch’s first ranked student Su Hao to a duel! A hot blooded battle is waiting for more actions! Battle of honor, it’s the beginning of the lifting of the curtain! Want to enjoy the very first video of a duel? Only 1 task point! And you would be able to enjoy high definition of the duel live on virtual screen!”

*****

Laptop was sent to service center for nearly a week. After settling all the overdue work, finally I am back ?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0049 VIrtual reality
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0049 VIrtual reality

Su Hao: “....”

What the ****!

Those old guys were simply committing all manners of crime just for task points! Anyone could just go to the sparring building to personally watch it in live. Wasn’t this just bullying new students who were still clueless?

In fact, some students had already reached the sparring building just to end up with the sparring building being booked.....and it was just for an hour, and coincidentally Su Hao’s duel happened to be during that time.

Just a short message, it was near certain that countless students would be charged!

Su Hao was pretty sure that almost every student wouldn’t miss this opportunity to watch the duel. As for task point? Although it is very precious, one point wasn’t much. After all, this was the very first duel match between a new student and a repeater.

Everyone wanted to know the exact level of repeaters’ combat strength.

Moreover, everyone felt at a loss on Su Hao. The sudden emergence of the dark horse that directly toppled everyone, to be honest, nobody was clear of his exact strength.

This time, during the battle, they would be able to witness everything.

Besides that, the battle of honor in a month’s time. If Su Hao lost, the effect on fighting morale would be great. It was like telling the new batch that their first rank couldn’t even beat us, repeaters.

Such thickness of their face, only the repeaters were willing to do so.

Good calculation!

Su Hao obviously had seen through their plan, those guys....

As Su Hao was on the way heading to sparring hall, he suddenly halted, “You guys are so calculative ya? It should be that guy who found you and then made a pact with you to share task points right?”

Zhao Feng laughed it off, “What do you mean?”

Su Hao pressed on the communication device on his wrist and made the virtual screen public. An exceptional information was blinking on top of the screen: “Repeater Zhao Feng will have a duel against first ranked student Su Hao...”

“Next time when you forward to everyone, remember to exclude my name.” Su Hao answered with a slight smile.

Zhao Feng’s mouth slightly twitched. That idiot! You sent such a message to Su Hao for what?!

“So?”

“So?” Su Hao’s lip raised up, “I suddenly felt like not participating in the duel anymore.”

Zhao Feng was instantly dumbfounded.

Bro, don’t tell me you are playing such a game?

“Aiya, the weather today isn’t bad.” Su Hao stretched his body, “Coming to this side of campus, I have never explored here yet. This school is indeed huge.”

After finished his sentence, Su Hao leisurely turned around.

Zhao Feng, with his panicked expression, quickly followed Su Hao, “Bro, don’t make any trouble. If you have anything to say, just voice it out straight. Doing this won’t bring any benefit to us.”

Su Hao smiled at him, “Then how about you take the initiative to lose?”

Zhao Feng was stunned, but by the next second he decisively replied, “Absolutely impossible!”

What was he doing here!

It was obviously to complete his task!

The so-called video points were only for extra income. The main aim here was the task itself and to strike the confidence from the new batch. The potential of the new batch, the repeaters naturally were well aware off. Even though they’re stronger for now, they dare not to be careless, especially in the battle of honor.

Of course, the most important point was.....the video points, he only had a part of it. After being divided, he would only be left with about a dozen points!

For just a few dozen points, he was to give up the task? His brain wasn’t filled with water!

“Owh, if it’s like that...” Su Hao pondered for a moment. Zhao Feng’s response was within his expectation. His main motive was not this, “The video points, I want 50 percent!”

Zhao Feng, “....”

Ruthless!

Originally, he had agreed for the man to get 90 percent of the profit. If Su Hao wanted to have 50 percent of it, then that man would only have 40 percent?

Zhao Feng hesitated for a moment. Dialing the man, he specifically activated the voice mode to public. Soon, a roar burst from the other side of the virtual screen, “Absolutely impossible! Bastard! This daddy has worked hard for this, how could I just let him pluck the fruits freely?! Impossible! Not even one task point! Grrrr, really making me mad till death.....”

Su Hao: “....”

“So you have heard it.” Zhao Feng bitterly smiled.

“Oh, if it’s like that then goodbye!” Su Hao turned around and walked away. Before leaving, he didn’t forget to mutter to himself, “Haix, I wonder what will happen when the new students noticed that the very first message they receive is just a fraud to obtain task points? Businessmen nowadays....really so good....”

That man was silent for a moment.

That one sentence from Su Hao had hit the tail of the man. He had already received task points! Even the video had already shown the stage of the sparring building! Even the students currently had already opened the virtual screen waiting for the main event! Patiently looking at the countdown!

If at this moment, he told everyone that he had sent a wrong message and would refund everyone, who would believe his lie?!

After that, this man would without doubt have bad impression on everyone...

Sure enough, Su Hao who was just walking a few steps away heard a weak voice coming from behind, “Alright.....I agree then.”

Su Hao laughed, “Now that’s a wise decision.”

After saying so, Su Hao hooked his arm across Zhao Feng’s shoulder, “Let’s go, Zhao Feng. Duel! For the glory of new students, I will never give you any chance!”

Zhao Feng: “....”

He suddenly came to realise that during his time in the third year, there was a reason why he wasn’t able to obtain much. Sometimes, being thick faced was also a natural talent!

The so-called sparring building was a platform specifically designed for students. In the training area, there were numerous virtual reality equipment, up to 200 of them!

Here wasn’t only the place where students have duel, but it was also the venue for the battle of honor to take place!

Virtual reality!

With the help of origin ability energy, a perfect virtual scene could be created.

Through the virtual reality equipment provided in sparring building, all users would be able to simulate a virtual character of themselves with the same strength and reaction speed as the real one!

That was the forefront of new technology. Unfortunately, the legendary virtual fighting online games were not able to become true in reality. Forget about the super expensive equipment, more important was the.....capacity problems.

The limitation of the server: each unit of the virtual reality equipment required a tremendous storage in the server! Even in the natural selection class, which had the backing from countless sponsorships, over the years, they only managed to prepare 200 units.

Want to play online games with billions of people at the same time?

That’s just a fantasy!

Fortunately, these were sufficient enough for ordinary students.

All students could fight here without worrying about life and death! That was because even if you were dead in virtual reality, there wouldn’t be any impact on your body. By resting for a few days, you would be able to recover completely.

The education system in natural selection class was somehow different from the normal class.

In the normal class, the duels most of the time would be only friendly ones. Any minor injuries between students would be fine, but if one of them was seriously wounded or even death, it would be direct dismissal without doubt! As for the duels in natural selection class.....the duel won’t end until someone die.

The reason was because they would have to face countless wild berserk beasts outside the campus in future. They absolutely mustn’t be treated softly in order to be strong enough to survive in the harsh environment in the middle of wildness where the berserk beasts dominate.

This was the very reason for the existence of virtual fighting.

If was just a friendly match, there wouldn’t be any benefit at all!

Su Hao and Zhao Feng entered into the sparring building. Obviously it was empty as the building had been fully booked. Both of them entered into a small space surrounded by walls of glass on four sides and sat down on the white equipment inside the space.

“Ka ca!”

Four soft white belts appeared and fixed his limbs on the equipment. A virtual screen then appeared from above. Su Hao felt as if he was sitting on a space chair.

“Ding~”

“Virtualization process is complete!”

“Detected first time entry into sparring building—DNA testing—-personal information loading completed—-constructing virtual character—–construction completed-”

“Hua!”

The surrounding scenery changed. Su Hao entered into a virtual world. Touching his own body, the feeling was exactly the same like real life. Such simulation was too high-leveled.

“Please choose the duel mode-”

Numerous options appeared within the virtual screen. Su Hao directly selected personal battle.

On the other side, Zhao Feng had already waited for a long time. As Su Hao selected the option, the scenery once again changed as both of them appeared on top of a castle.

The room was enclosed by wall. Completing the middle space was the old wooden floor as well as mats decorated with beautiful patterns and some small ornaments for decoration. It was totally like a real castle.

Virtual scene : Ghost castle!

Number of participant : 2 people.

Name of participant : Zhao Feng, Su Hao.

Winning condition : Foe death.

At that time, countless students were watching the video live from their communication devices. Looking at the scene, which seemed like a super action movie, whether it was the new students or repeaters, everyone was excited.

The 3 seconds timer to start was over and the duel was about to start!

*****

GMC is added into my page. Do support me and gain early chapter access!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0050 New embodiment of ability!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0050 New embodiment of ability!

Within the ghost castle, such an awe-striking European style castle, was plenty of interior space. Except for some cabinets on the side, there were practically no obstacles in the space, making it a perfect venue as a ring for a duel.

When the countdown was over, Su Hao didn’t make a single move. Instead, he carefully stared at Zhao Feng!

Model analysis, start!

Shua!

A model of Zhao Feng was established. Numerous cards appeared floating around his body.

Su Hao glanced at him. There were two cards which he was extremely familiar with, basic fighting technique and police fighting technique. Since they didn’t show a stage, it meant that Zhao Feng had fully grasped those two cards. Such an achievement would be extraordinary in a new batch, but as for repeaters, it was just a normal scene.

Besides those, there were two other cards. Origin ability cultivation method! Beginner origin ability transition technique!

His cultivation method had also been fully mastered, but his transition technique was just at beginner level.

“Origin ability transition technique, isn’t this the technique used to enhance further cultivation method?” Su Hao was pleasantly surprised. “Seems like Zhao Feng didn’t stay idle this year. He had opted for many good things.”

If this was the case, he no longer had to reserve himself.

Card model, establish!

“Card selection completed.....beginner origin ability transition technique.....analysing model....model analysis failed......card model failed to establish!”

Fail!

Su Hao’s mind was in shock. He had completed the character model yet he failed in establishing the card model.

That was so frustrating. Su Hao finally came to understand why his model analysis failed. The establishment of the card model just now didn’t collect any data at all.

Because here was..... a virtual fighting room!

Here, every character would be controlled perfectly despite being separated from the nervous system in the human body. But to analyse information, it was just an impossible feat.

If he wanted to establish a card model, he could only do so while looking at a real human body.

“Can’t establish a card model, can only view his ability.” Su Hao skimmed through the cards of Zhao Feng. At the corner, there was a grey card which caught his attention.

That was the origin ability of Zhao Feng – Penetration.

Penetration?

Su Hao quickly recalled back the information which he had came across in the textbook. It meant exactly what it was named, ignoring any defense! Based on the assessment from the Association of Origin Ability, this ability was only at grade B.

That was because at the early stage, the ability was a bit weak. At that stage, it only manage to neglect 10% of the foe’s defensive effect. As the origin ability was enhanced, only then would the ability gradually start to show its true potential.

At the latter stage, when the ability reached its peak, it could even completely ignore any defense. Really terrifying, but compared to the freak element control ability, it would still pale in comparison.

Thus, despite it being terrifying, it was still a grade B ability.

“Hong!”

As Zhao Feng noticed that Su Hao still wasn’t making his move, he took the initiative to launch his attack. Su Hao’s eyes flashed as he dashed sideway. The next moment the scene was filled with Zhao Feng on hot pursuit and Su Hao evading all the incoming attacks with his agility.

Never have a direct confrontation!

Countless times, when Zhao Feng managed to catch up with Su Hao, Su Hao quickly escaped from his palm when he didn’t even have the time to launch his attack. As Su Hao had the advantage in physical fitness and fighting technique, it wouldn’t be an easy task to catch Su Hao off guard.

The moment they faced each other, Su Hao would keep evading.

However, right now the new students were at a loss.

Why didn’t Su Hao counterattack?

With his domineering 300 points in physical fitness and 310 points of fighting technique, without taking origin ability into account, he could easily surpress Zhao Feng!

But the reality was that this strange scene was happening right now in front of them.

Zhao Feng didn’t use his origin ability and gave up his advantage. Recklessly confronting Su Hao, the new students right now didn’t even have any clue of his ability. And Su Hao also followed his step by giving up his advantage in direct combat, and began to avoid every time.

In contrast to the new students, the repeaters were extremely clear on why Su Hao kept avoiding direct confrontation.

Restraint!

Perfect restraint!

Zhao Feng naturally wouldn’t be that dim-witted to think that Su Hao obtaining first rank was just sheer luck. Every batch, the first ranked students were all abnormal freaks.

That was why almost every such challenge with a first ranked student ended up in failure.

And he dared to challenge so because he had identified that Su Hao’s main advantage was his fighting technique.

Su Hao’s advantage without doubt was his fighting skill!

And his advantage was his own origin ability which could restrain all fighting technique! With his ability to fully suppress the fighting technique, Su Hao could be considered to have absolute zero chance in winning this duel.

That really made the repeaters wonder how Su Hao found out about it?

Within the ghost castle.

Su Hao once again fled. The ghost castle was actually pretty huge, at least for two students to compete. Being unfamiliar with the castle, those two tried their best to avoid going sideways and only concentrated on the central area.

However, Su Hao was very clear that he couldn’t keep doing so forever!

Any attack of Zhao Feng on his body would definitely be something difficult to bear.

In order to beat Zhao Feng, he must do so under the condition when any counterattack was impossible. But the current situation Su Hao was in really made it hard to create such a scenario to take advantage of.

The origin ability energy within his body, although it was worse than Zhao Feng, the difference wouldn’t be much. Even when he was in a fight, he would never rely much on his origin ability energy. Besides the outburst during fighting point, there was really nothing else.

Model analysis during non-combat period gave him a lot of information and help. In contrast, while fighting, it didn’t matter much whether it helped or not. Thus, he never considered saving his origin ability energy because the impact during battle wasn’t much for him.

But in this virtual fighting room, the default energy for every character was a full tank.

As he once again evaded Zhao Feng’s attack, Su Hao’s mind suddenly moved. He finally thought of something which he could spend his energy on!

Model analysis, start!

“Hua!”

The scene around him changed. Within his mind, a model was completely established. It was not Zhao Feng but....the ghost castle!

Yes, Su Hao had spent the energy to create a full model of the ghost castle within his mind!

The consumption of energy to build a temporary model was small but once the ghost castle was established, Su Hao’s energy rapidly depleted like a waterfall.

Su Hao stayed stationary. In a short amount of time, he analysed the entire ghost castle model within his mind several times.

The ghost castle model within his mind rotated in various angles.

One moment enlarged, the next moment zoom out. It was as if it was a perfect 3D model.

Soon, Su Hao had become familiar with the whole mapping of the ghost castle, every corner, and every route. It felt like it was his own house.

“Pa!”

The ghost castle model disappeared. Even if it was just a temporary model, such a huge model, the consumption without doubt was still terrifying.

Although the model had disappeared, Su Hao still acted indifferent.

Zhao Feng attacked again and Su Hao dodged. But this time, he no longer stayed in the same circle. Instead, he dashed into a corner. Kicking a chair towards Zhao Feng, he suddenly turned around and attacked.

All the spectators in front of their respective virtual screens had a shine in their eyes.

Using the terrain as a advantage to attack, Su Hao had such keen observation! As the chair flew over, Zhao Feng would have to face the chair and Su Hao’s attack at the same time. He could only chose one!

Peng!

Peng!

With a punch, Zhao Feng destroyed the chair into pieces. His fist didn’t stop and kept moving forward. He actually planned to deal two attacks at once with his one punch. At this time, the punch was already quite weak as he spent almost all the energy on confronting the chair. Once Su Hao seized the opportunity, he would be caught in a bad spot.

But....Su Hao once again evaded!

Yes, he could only evade!

He was extremely clear that Zhao Feng’s punch was just a bait. With the attack which could penetrate his defense, he dare not to block!

Su Hao took a step backward. Escaping the attack from Zhao Feng, the distance between them didn’t get closer. But it still made Su Hao, who wanted to keep escaping, have one less option.

One step back, more steps backward.

Su Hao could only pick one direction to escape. Su Hao at first wanted to use the terrain as his advantage to attack. Instead, Zhao Feng was the one getting all the benefits. He had really gotten himself into trouble.

Those old timer repeaters, none of them should ever be underestimated.

It seemed like the move he made just now had caused him to lose. Having nowhere else to escape, he could only kept retreating. Now, he had reached the end of the corner!

The end of corner!

He had nowhere else to escape!

After being in combat for more than ten minutes, both of them finally would have their very first direct confrontation.

“Let’s see where are you going to escape!”

With his sinister laugh, Zhao Feng stared at Su Hao who was desperately looking around for an escape route and suddenly dashed forward to direct his fist.

As his fist was nearing the target, Su Hao, without a sign, gave a kick on the floor of the ghost castle. Pushing his figure up high, he lept over Zhao Feng.

With that leap of his, both of them instantly changed their position. Su Hao could once again continue his escape plan.

Everyone was in an uproar. He could even escape like that?

Su Hao really knew how to use the surrounding terrain so well.

Zhao Feng’s fist only hit the empty air. He could only bitterly smile as he once again let that brat escape from his palm. It seemed that he had to chase Su Hao for some time again. However, outside of everyone’s expectation, which made everyone’s mind tighten, Su Hao didn’t escape!

This time around, Su Hao didn’t escape.

Su Hao ferociously rushed forward to kick Zhao Feng, who was exposing his back to Su Hao. Zhao Feng who was in shock, quickly turned his body around to resist.

Peng!

Luckily he managed to smoothly block. He stepped backwards two steps to dissipate the incoming force. The kick didn’t do much harm to him, but he was now the one who was forced into the end of the corner.

The confrontation just now had impressively changed the situation for both of them.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0051 Zhao Feng, the prince of close combat
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0051 Zhao Feng, the prince of close combat

Attack!

After trapping Zhao Feng at the end of corner, Su Hao began his ferocious attack. Both of them were having their first direct confrontation. Without a doubt, Su Hao made his move much quicker.

Peng!

Peng!

Su Hao’s fists forced Zhao Feng to turn around and block.

After consecutive, fast paced attacks, Su Hao finally showed his true color. All the fighting techniques which he kept in store for nearly half a day burst out from his hands! Combo movesets and more combo movesets! [ED: Moveset isn’t a real word, but rather gaming terminology. As the name suggests, it’s a specific set of moves]

At that moment, Su Hao no longer held himself back. A variety of fighting techniques were combined and displayed perfectly and smoothly like flowing water. Movesets by movesets, Zhao Feng was being trapped and unable to counter.

Once again, he had been hit back, making him retreat half a step. Zhao Feng’s position right now was getting worse. The range of moves which he could take were limited.

However, despite having little freedom, Zhao Feng’s defense didn’t shown any sign of leakage. The exact same advanced police fighting technique, Zhao Feng was extremely familiar with Su Hao’s every move.

Whenever Su Hao attacked, Zhao Feng could accurately block.

The only thing which worried Zhao Feng was that Su Hao’s fighting technique had 310 points....the terrifying fighting technique showed that Su Hao had even mastered military fighting technique and even perfectly integrated it. But why didn’t Su Hao not show that move?

The only reason he dared to challenge Su Hao was none other than his origin ability, as high as 750 points – penetration!

As of now, through his continuous effort, he had reached 25% defense neglection. As long as he was close to the target, he could easily destroy anyone!

That was also the source of his confidence. Facing the monstrous 750 points origin ability with 110 points of fighting technique, there was no competition at all!

But at that very moment, inexplicably, he felt something was wrong, but he didn’t know where that feeling came from.

In front of respective virtual screen, the new students watched the battle with their blood boiling.

“Did you see that! Complete suppression! So what if he’s a repeater, in the end he’ll still be beaten by Su Hao.” A student exclaimed in excitement.

Indeed, front the screen point of view, Su Hao who had been chased for half a day had now suddenly counterattacked. This action of his caused Zhao Feng to be suppressed until he didn’t have much room. With all kinds of smooth and gorgeous moves, Zhao Feng was close to be beaten to death.

“Such formidable explosive force!”

“However, Zhao Feng seems to not sustain any injury....” A weak voice came out. As everyone got a clearer look at it, they were suddenly caught in surprise, “That’s true. That Zhao Feng, he could defend that well.”

“Both of them are using the same fighting techniques. Su Hao naturally couldn’t inflict any damage. What about Su Hao’s military fighting technique? Why hasn’t he used it?”

“With such high intensity attacks, Su Hao won’t be able to maintain such a rate for long.”

The students discussed among themselves in the conversation channel.

“True! His combo moveset is about to be broken.” One repeater continued with a brave tone, “Such a high-intensity outburst won’t last long. Although this terrain is small and let Su Hao have a better advantage, as long as Zhao Feng seizes an opportunity, this battle is as good as over.”

“Yes! Zhao Feng just needs to hit him once and he would emerged as the winner.”

This wasn’t an online game, this was reality!

In a game, reducing defense by 25% would just bring the meaning of inflicting more damage, but in reality...the force bursting within body, with 25% force guaranteed to reach the body, how would that taste?

It would definitely inflict serious injury or even death!

Within the repeaters, Zhao Feng’s origin ability could be considered at the bottom, only a mere 13 points. However, almost everyone was clear of one point: never let that guy close to you!

And at that time, a repeater’s eyes lit up, “A good opportunity there!”

Everyone concentrated back on the screen. Sure enough, Su Hao’s assault was getting stronger and more ferocious. The last two moves, they were the strongest ones in the police fighting technique.

Such powerful force had inflicted quite a bit of damage on Zhao Feng, but everyone knew very well that it was now an arrow at the end of its flight.

Su Hao could no longer continue his assault!

When his figure jumped up to the air, Su Hao once again initiated a formidable attack. He fiercely kicked Zhao Feng’s body, and Zhao Feng groaned in pain for a moment. He took a step back and his back was now leaning on the wall.

But right now, he was looking bright. The more powerful the moves, the more time was needed to recover.

After Su Hao’s move, there was a trace of pause and disruption in his breathing rhythm. His combo moves were finally broken! Although Zhao Feng didn’t take the opportunity to distance himself, he no longer had to block. Thus, his counterattack finally began!

“Hong!”

Within the fist of Zhao Feng, a trace of origin ability energy was illuminating. It seemed like an ordinary punch being bombarded at Su Hao.

Su Hao coldly smirked and the same fist was directed at Zhao Feng’s incoming fist.

“Aiya, that child is as good as over!”

All the repeaters now were looking very cheerful and happy. At first, they thought that they were going to suffer for acting as a pig trying to eat a tiger. But now, it was pretty obvious that this first ranked new student was going to step into the trap.

What was the consequences of being attacked by Zhao Feng?

Countless repeaters had used their own body to prove it. Extremely miserable....Not to mention those with 13 points, even with 15 points, directly eating the force of Zhao Feng with their own body, it was still a miserable situation. Let alone them, this time Su Hao’s origin ability was even lower than Zhao Feng.

Both fists were in contact. That seemingly ordinary direct confrontation, yet at that moment, a sudden burst of origin ability light ray occured.

With both fists illuminating origin ability light ray, the force erupted and shockwaves were produced. The shockwaves then swept over the surrounding environment and all the decoratives within the ghost castle were broken by the translucent light ray.

Everyone was terrified looking at the scene, how could this be?

Hold on!

Su Hao was beaten until he retreated a few steps. A mouthful of blood was sprayed out like a fountain. But what was even worse was that the opposite Zhao Feng, his whole body was blasted backwards and glued at the wall.

A crash sound echoed!

The wall suffered numerous cracks and Zhao Feng’s body faintly disappeared.

Su Hao, wins!

Everyone was dumbfounded, how could this be?

The new students didn’t completely understand the situation. Both of them seemed to have an ordinary confrontation, how could the force outburst have been on such a huge scale? Especially the last part where Zhao Feng flew over and hit the wall, which even caused cracks to form. The scene really made one shiver, how much force was there exactly?

The repeaters who were eager to see Su Hao fall were stunned too.

An outburst of force occurred, but it was Zhao Feng who had fallen...

Although with 25% of penetration on defense, that one attack on Su Hao would definitely inflict a serious injury. Too bad, from start to end, Zhao Feng only had that opportunity to land a hit and yet...

Just now when he found a perfect moment for counter attack, he was actually one hit killed by Su Hao.

The spectators couldn’t believe their eyes and rewinded the scene again.

And then rewinded!

More rewinded!

After several replays, finally someone was able to understand, “Such attacks....combo moveset...seems like, fighting essence! No wonder Su Hao didn’t show any military fighting technique. He actually didn’t master it at all. From the very start, he was accumulating fighting points.”

The next moment, everyone understood.

Their first reaction on this, damn trap!

Their second reaction, Su Hao had a very keen observation!

Their third reaction, if they have a rematch, Zhao Feng certainly wouldn’t lose.

But was that really the truth?

As everyone kept analysing more and more, they became more uncertain.

In this duel, Su Hao had many points which could make people amazed. How could he see through Zhao Feng’s ability? How could he, with limited time, make such good use of the huge terrain?

Finally, that countless combo moveset, the perfect delivery of fighting points, it was very clear that Zhao Feng had been led along by Su Hao from start to end.

The pace of the whole battle was within Su Hao’s control. Naturally he could easily defeat Zhao Feng.

The more they thought, the more they felt that this brat was scary. Although his ability wasn’t strong, but that full usage on overall aspect of battle, it was as if they saw the shadow of that year’s Viper!

And Zhou Wang, was without doubt the Chen Yifeng of this year.

The same scene was once again played!

Challenging first ranked new student, failed!

This had brought a huge boost of motivation and confidence to new students. They didn’t consider much whether the repeaters were formidable or not, but such a duel really made them puzzled.

They had never thought that they didn’t even follow the rhythm of Su Hao.

Why did Su Hao give up so many advantages? How did Su Hao win the duel? Zhao Feng’s origin ability? What was that last force outburst in the duel? Was it just a shockwave?

From the beginning to the end, they didn’t understand one bit of it.

Not able to understand?

It’s alright!

The repeaters had already analysed the reasons behind Su Hao’s victory....soon they would know.

“Ding~”

A message was mass forwarded to all new students. It was the same sender as just now.

“Repeater Zhao Feng VS First ranked new student Su Hao, the history’s most exciting battle! Do you understand the battle itself?”

“The horrifying prince of close combat, Zhao Feng with a super strong 15 points of origin ability, yet he lost in the hand of Su Hao? Do you understand the secret behind the victory?”

“If you don’t understand, no problem! Only one task point for the complete data and report which would make you understand each step and rhythm of battle and improve your knowledge!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0052 King of repeaters, Bai Xiao Sheng
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0052 King of repeaters, Bai Xiao Sheng

“....”

Su Hao received the message after just coming out from the room. That really made him speechless. That guy really took every opportunity to make a profit.

Opposite to him, Zhao Feng, who was at a bit of a loss, walked out.

“I lost.”

Zhao Feng raised his head and bitterly laughed. Still, he didn’t feel unconvinced of his loss.

A loss is a loss.

Su Hao didn’t know about his ability and yet was able to figure it out during the battle. And then, he even made use of the terrain to his advantage. Since Su Hao used the virtual equipment for the first time, he naturally had never seen the simulation of the ghost castle before. Yet, during battle he was even more familiar with it than repeaters.

“How did you know that corner was the most appropriate place to suppress and trap me?” Zhao Feng couldn’t help to ask.

Su Hao smiled and faintly said, “My ability is model analysis. Although it doesn’t contribute much during battle, but....to construct a model of the ghost castle is still possible.”

Zhao Feng was surprised.

It could be used that way?

No wonder he was ranked first. This time, he was convinced of his ability.

Both of them chatted as they exited the building. Su Hao asked, “With your strength, I believe you aren’t at the bottom within the repeaters. Just with your ability alone, you could easily destroy quite a number of people...”

Zhao Feng smiled, “If only by origin ability ranking, then I’m the last. But overall strength ranking...”

Zhao Feng just smiled. Su Hao rolled his eyes, so it was like so!

He knew it that those brats would be well prepared before issuing the challenge but...too bad he met with Su Hao!

Su Hao won!

Zhao Feng lost!

That was the final result.

When the perfect explanation video was released to the public, finally everyone knew all the minute details of the battle. Naturally there would be some who weren’t convinced – another challenge was issued!

As Zhao Feng failed in his challenge, another student would replace him then.

This time, Su Hao’s fighting style and ability had been seen clearly. The one who stepped up was naturally a strong one too. Confidently, he rushed forward until he was in front of Su Hao.

“I want to challenge you!”

Su Hao coldly glanced at him, “Wanna save face?”

“A?” The other guy was stunned.

“Repeaters, to deal with me, a lowly origin ability student, you guys are using continuous battle strategy? If I beat you, will another one will pop out?”

“What joke is this! You think I have time to play with you all?”

“Go play at the side!”

Those casual words from Su Hao had nearly caused that guy to choke on the spot. Thinking about it, if Su Hao was unwilling to fight, there was nothing he could do.

After driving out that bastard, Su Hao also received a lucrative amount of task points.

Unfortunately, his task points option on the communication device was still greyed out. He couldn’t see the current amount but he wasn’t worried that he would be cheated off the points.

“En, there are only two tutorials left out of four. Only after I complete all of them will this option be available. Seems that I have to speed up.” Su Hao talked to himself and opened the message which was sent to him just now. 4pm, fighting technique tutorial.

“4pm.....it’s still too early...”

Su Hao pondered for a moment. After participating in the ability index tutorial this morning and after that a duel with Zhao Feng, it happened to be lunch time at the moment.

Walking towards the direction of cafeteria, Su Hao’s mind suddenly moved.

Just now during the battle with Zhao Feng, Su Hao had found out about Zhao Feng’s ability, but due to the virtual environment factor he was helpless about it, but if it was in a real life situation....

En, this seems good...

Su Hao thought about it and sent a message to Zhao Feng to invite him to have a meal together.

Cafeteria.

Both of them chatted together as they ate their lunch. It could be considered that Su Hao had gained some understanding about the repeaters....for example, the guy who mass sent messages.

That guy’s name was Li Tiantian and a male....yes, there was no error in his name and gender. Such a strange name had made that guy consider his own name a taboo.

In all the messages he sent, they always ended up with his nickname – Bai Xiao Sheng!

A name which appeared countless time in wuxia novels, for someone who crazed over wuxia stories, Li Tiantian hoped to be like one of the characters in such stories and thus named himself Bai Xiao Sheng.

Of course, not many people knew about the relation between his strange name and the current alias he used.

At the same time, he was the oldest in the natural selection class. He had repeated 5 times! His batch had all gone to Zhanzheng College!

Su Hao was also surprised at this. Repeating for 5 times, that was a bit too extreme.

However, that wasn’t his main concern. While chatting halfway, Su Hao changed the topic to origin ability, “Your penetration is strong, but somehow, I felt that you are heading to the wrong direction.”

“What do you mean by that?” Zhao Feng frowned.

Su Hao stretched his fingers, “As long as your ability is sufficient to use, that would be alright! Especially your penetration. 25% is already more than enough. Especially at current stage, this is indeed enough. Let’s say that you have struggled hard to push it from 25% to 50%, your ability would increase and penetration would better, but....it doesn’t help your overall strength much.”

Zhao Feng frowned. That was really the case he was in right now. With his current ability, as long as it was close combat, nobody would be able to compete with him. Even Su Hao would have to evade.

Even if his penetration increase by another 25%, what use would it be?

As long as he could bring his opponent to a close combat, nobody would be able to compete with him. But if he couldn’t do so, then he would be useless!

“Using the knowledge of terrain to defeat you was only a small factor. The most important point here was that my speed was faster than yours. My fighting skill was stronger than yours. With these two factors as advantages, I would be having an upper hand.” Su Hao casually said, “With my 300 points in physical fitness, if I’m not to have any close combat with you, would you be able to chase me?”

Zhao Feng felt embarrassed.

Because what Su Hao said was right. The physical fitness gap was too huge!

If Su Hao insisted on running, he won’t be able to catch him. That was also the reason why Su Hao led him in a chase for a few rounds during the early stage of the battle. He simply couldn’t find a way to solve it.

“So..” Su Hao raised his head and looked at Zhao Feng, “To enhance your overall strength, the best way is to enhance your physical fitness and fighting technique.”

Zhao Feng bitterly smiled, “In fact, I know about that, but to do so in real life is really too difficult.”

“Why so?” Su Hao became interested.

Zhao Feng continued, “Because it’s too difficult. I have exchanged for a beginner body strengthening drug and also a large sum of different herbs. And I managed to get 200 points. As for fighting technique, I also rushed all the way to 200 points, mastering police fighting technique. However, to further enhance from there, the difficulty is too high.”

“Intermediate and advanced body strengthening drugs are too expensive. Even military fighting technique is expensive.” Zhao Feng sighed, “If I continue to complete tasks, I would need at least one year’s time to exchange for those. With only the 200 points I have right now, I’m pretty confident that if I am to invest them on my ability, I can raise another 400 points.”

“Just for the score?” Su Hao finally understood.

Because of the college entrance exam!

The college entrance exam was very similar to the mock exam. It’s not all about individual combat strength, but overall comprehensive strength. Thus, if Zhao Feng was to enhance his ability index, of course that would bring a better result for him.

Zhao Feng’s current origin ability was 13 points. During the college entrance exam next year, 200 points and 400 points would pose a huge difference. For Zhao Feng who had to repeat for a year, he could only struggle hard for once.

But, it seemed that he had ignored a question here.

“Although I’m not not that familiar with the natural selection class, but if your strength is enhanced, is it just some score?” Su Hao lightly said, “If you walk the path to increase overall strength, your combat effectiveness would allow you to have more advanced task. Your accumulated task points would also increase. Are you sure you need one year’s time?”

Zhao Feng paused for a moment and he saw a bright light at the end of the dark tunnel.

Correct!

How could he ignore this point!

If his strength increase, he naturally would be able to complete harder tasks. If his physical fitness and fighting technique were enhanced, he would be able to take higher ranked tasks. In the future, his rewards would be more lucrative!

Even the outfield exploration and killing berserk beasts would be within his palm. That was, after all, the true reward of task points.

Zhao Feng was glad. Never had he thought that this problem of his which had been a dud for a long time, it was Su Hao who woke him up. During his third year, he enhanced from 9 points to 13 points and became the prince of close combat. Yet, he missed the opportunity to enroll in Zhanzheng College. Having to repeat a year, he really didn’t have much confidence in himself.

But this time... it seemed that he had saw a ray of hope.

Zhao Feng dropped his head and started to plan for his future.

Seeing this, Su Hao indifferently smiled. This was something he understood after the end of the battle. Because he himself was also making the same mistake, having priority on one’s own strength.

The student with toxin which Teacher Su Wan told him was indeed terrifying. But not everyone would have a suitable origin ability. Everyone had their own path to take.

Only by taking the right path could you become even stronger!

As for him to specifically invite Zhao Feng over for a meal, just for giving some pointer to Zhao Feng? Absolutely not, both of them were not even close. Su Hao naturally wouldn’t have that big a heart to do so.

His advice would be exchanged for a reward, for example...

“Model analysis, start!”

*****

There would be double chapter release tomorrow. Stay tune!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0053 School activity
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0053 School activity

“Character model is established...”

“Card selection completed....beginner origin ability transition technique....model analysing....model establishing....card model establishment completed...”

A gray card appeared within his mind.

The only thing that made Su Hao surprised was that the number of stars, which had never change all these times, finally changed to two stars.

Name: Beginner origin ability transition technique

Rank: 2 stars

Introduction: A cultivation technique derived from origin ability cultivation technique; greatly helps your body cultivation. It can greatly enhance the upper limit of origin ability energy and rate of recovery.

As the illusion around him disappeared, Su Hao faintly smiled. Beginner origin ability transition technique, obtained!

The successful establishment of the card indicated that the analysis was completed.

However, as the number of stars in the card increased, it seemed that the duration for the model analysis was taking longer and longer. He could still remember that when he was using his upgraded ability for the first time, it only took him around a blink of eye, but now it took a few seconds.

After all, the abilities which he had to analyse were getting more complicated. Too much knowledge needed to be analysed into various units before being rebuilt back within his mind. The process of building a card model was too complex.

Fortunately, Zhao Feng was busy in the middle of enlightenment and didn’t notice Su Hao’s strange behaviour.

After a long time, only then did Zhao Feng awake. With his fiery fighting spirit in his eyes, “I think I have finally found the right path for me to walk! Su Hao, thanks!”

Su Hao waved his hand, “I just made a suggestion. Your path, you still have to take it yourself.”

Zhao Feng nodded, “True! Well, if you have anything which requires some help, just give me a call. But.... this time you helping me had actually brought more harm to yourself.”

Su Hao was stunned, “What do you mean?”

“Haha.” Zhao Feng seemed to have restored his self confidence, “Once I become stronger, you will be miserable during battle of honor. Maybe we might meet again there.”

Su Hao smiled and suddenly averted his sight to the door of the cafeteria.

A young man with luxurious clothes indifferently entered into the cafeteria. It was just that, within his hands, he was carrying a slightly disfigured berserk beast.

“Peng!”

The young man immediately dropped the beast onto the floor, “Chef, what you want is here! Faster, transfer the task point! I still have other tasks to do.”

“That impatient brat!”

A chef with a white uniform came out. Staring at the young man with dissatisfaction, he then carried the beast inside.

Zhao Feng looked at the scene with a burst of envy, “Steel tooth beast, being able to kill steel tooth beast, that brat’s exploration field must be at least in the 3000 meters range!”

“Field exploration?” Su Hao was puzzled.

Zhao Feng nodded. As he was eating, he answered, “Oh yeah, I forget that you still haven’t completed the basic tutorial yet. After you have completed all four basic tutorials, all the options available in school will be activated. In order to encourage students to struggle, the school has prepared the task points reward. So generous.”

“Field exploration refers to the exploration around the areas outside school. As our school is located at the center of the wild, basically anywhere outside the school is full of berserk beasts! Every step outside is extremely dangerous. The moment you are outside the school and not even 100 meter away, when you enter the forest, you are certain to face berserk beasts! You believe it?”

Su Hao was shocked, “There are really that many berserk beasts?”

“Of course.” Zhao Feng smiled, “This campus is, after all, located in the habitat of berserk beasts. Of course it would be full of them outside the school. However, the area closest to school is occupied by low levelled beasts. Since they are brainless, they naturally won’t know the danger faced. Seeing countless of students in the school, they usually camp near the school and wait for humans to come out.”

“As for areas further away, the beasts naturally have a bit of brain. Knowing the danger, they only act up when students enter the forest and they are not being noticed. And much further, those beasts are so strong that they are too lazy to bother with us.” Zhao Feng continued, “In other words, the area surrounding the school is dangerous, and farther away it’s even worse!”

“But danger and opportunity coexist together. Whether it’s the experience of battle with berserk beasts or materials from them, they are all wealth. Thus, in order to encourage students to keep improving oneselves, the school organises two activities, field exploration and berserk beasts hunting!”

Having said that, Zhao Feng paused for a moment, “field exploration is calculated based on distance travelled from the school. An appropriate reward would be given then. The deeper you explore in the wild, naturally the more generous the reward would be. As for berserk beasts hunting, it’s calculated by your harvest. When you reach a certain number of berserk beasts hunted, the reward would naturally be better as well.”

“As for the specifics of the reward....the list is too long. As long as you complete the basic tutorials, you will be able to access the list. In general, these two activities are the students’ welfare. Since there is the existence of life and death command, students in general rarely encounter danger. Oh yeah, the leading instructor must have already mentioned the method to activate the life and death command right?”

“Of course.” Su Hao continued, “Not only have we heard, we have even seen it before.”

Once he heard this, Zhao Feng burst into laughter, “There must be someone who didn’t listen and tried the command right? Every year there will always be such a student.”

“But how to say this....there seems to be quite a number of ways provided by school to collect task points.” Su Hao pondered by himself, so far he knew three ways to get the reward, school tasks, field exploration and berserk beasts hunting!

“That’s because you haven’t seen the things sold in the school store.” Zhao Feng’s mouth slightly twitched, “Every item there is expensive as f*ck! When I first came here my origin ability was only 9. For just a bottle of strengthening drug, I had to struggle for one month! That’s also after I had receive all the rewards from field exploration and berserk beast hunting which I could handle.”

“That long?” Su Hao was surprised. So, that time when he got the drug from berserk master, he must have been extremely lucky then?

“Of course.” Zhao Feng nodded. Looking at Su Hao, he continued, “As for you, of course you won’t use that much of time. But getting beginner strengthening drug is useless for you. It would be better to wait and exchange for body forging technique....That stuff is even much more expensive than origin ability transition technique and I had to spend half a year for origin ability transition technique.”

Su Hao suddenly had a bad feeling. It was even more expensive than origin ability transition technique, which required half a year for Zhao Feng to accumulate enough task points?

Would he have the opportunity to obtain it in his third year?

“Don’t worry too much about it.” Zhao Feng laughed for a second, “As for new students’ potential, you all will have vast improvements in a short time during the early stage in the school. Usually, most of you will overcome most repeaters. Also, there will be a lot of ways to obtain task points. For example, like the guy before. Hunting berserk beasts and directly selling the dropped materials directly to potential buyers.”

“That steel tooth beast?”

“En, steel tooth beasts usually stay in an area 3000 meters away. Being able to hunt them, that guy must have explored at least 3000 meters and more. Rewards from 3000 meters, that’s quite a number of task points there.” Zhao Feng sighed.

“But how do I feel that this is more like a game....” Su Hao felt strange about this.

“This, you must have not known about this. It’s said that our principal, before integrating origin ability, he was a game designer...”

Su Hao was embarrassed!

After having a clearer picture about the school, his heart was getting more excited.

Natural selection class, no wonder Zhou Wang’s master wanted him to enter it no matter what. The amount of resources here were so much that it was hard to imagine!

After struggling for so long to enter the natural selection class, Su Hao’s decision was right after all!

After finished his meal, both of them excused themselves. Su Hao began to prepare for his third basic tutorial class.

As the time was approaching 4pm, Su Hao rushed towards the fighting training classroom. In the empty classroom, only one person was waiting for him. With his full set of white training attire, that person looked like a young man at 20 plus years old.

“Su Hao?”

“Yes!”

“Come hit me.”

“Yes!”

Such neat and tidy interrogation. Su Hao instantly made his move. Sprinting forward, a fierce punch was thrown out. Never had he expected that his arm would be caught in the blink of an eye. The young man reacted at the speed of lighting. Turning around, he replied back with a turn around kick at Su Hao.

Su Hao was caught in surprise and his other hand quickly came to defense.

Peng!

Being pushed by the force of the kick, Su Hao was spun a few times mid air before he finally stabilised his body.

“Not bad. That first punch of yours looked fierce. Even after being counterattacked, you still managed to regain your composure.” The young man praised him.

After finishing that, the figure of the young man rushed towards him. Again, with the same punch thrown out, Su Hao also reacted the same by capturing the arm. The next moment, he performed his most commonly used technique, shoulder throw.

Unable to move like a mountain!

As if the stature he was seizing was a big mountain, it was motionless!

Peng!

Peng!

The young man turned around and it was Su Hao who was the one thrown to the ground instead. Following by a quick succession of attacks, punch by punch, they made Su Hao keep retreating until he was defeated on the spot.

“I lost.” Su Hao bitterly smiled.

“You’re not bad.” The young man voiced out, “But there’s one point you need to remember. Don’t easily make your move. When it’s not the time to make a move, don’t force yourself to do so. It must be connected or the accumulated fighting essence will disappear.”

“Yes!” Su Hao engraved that advice in his brain.

“My name is Shi Shaotian. I’m your fighting training instructor.” Shi Shaotian slightly smiled, “Alright, let’s go to the side and have a chat.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0054 Fraudulent school store
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0054 Fraudulent school store

“Of the total of 400 points in fighting technique, you have already mastered 300. The remaining 100 points are obviously for military fighting technique. As for you, it shouldn’t be too hard to master it. After mastering military fighting technique, then you have to apply every skill you learn perfectly. Only can you be considered as having fully mastered and comprehended fighting techniques.”

Shi Shaotian faintly said.

Su Hao obviously knew about that part. But what he was interested was this, “Teacher, then what about more than 400 points?”

“Oh?” Shi Shaotian raised his eyebrow as he smirked, “You brat, your ambition is quite huge, yea.”

Su Hao scratched his head.

“Since your theoretical foundation is 190 points, you should know that 400 points represents perfect mastery of fighting technique. In addition to this, there are also those legendary martial art moves. However, those things are extremely rare and too messy to be assessed under fighting technique.”

“As for those, I have no way to teach you. You can only depend on your own fate.” Shi Shaotian faintly said, “However, to fight for such an opportunity, you have to ensure perfect mastery in fighting technique first!”

“Yes!”

“Well, that’s all for our basic fighting training tutorial. I hope we get to see each other again in the future.” Shi Shaotian laughed.

“Finished already?” Su Hao was stunned.

“Your road is already so clear.” Shi Shaotian continued, “Many students are still struggling in basic fighting techniques, and yet, you have already reached the stage of military fighting techniques. As for your future path, you are already well aware of it. In this batch, out of everyone, the one that made me most at ease is you.”

After finishing the sentence, Shi Shaotian patted his shoulder, “Work hard!”

And thus, the fighting training tutorial had ended. Because he was a step ahead, there wasn’t much to guide him on. As for the remaining points, the way to obtain them was also very clear.

Fighting training, which Su Hao was so excited for, ended just like that. If fighting training made Su Hao end up feeling bad, then theoretical foundation...

Really!

The next day, the theoretical foundation tutorial came to an even faster. Su Hao had only entered the classroom for about 10 minutes and then exited.

It was very simple. For a bookworm like him, there was nothing else to teach him.

The teacher directly threw him a school website and told him that he was only lacking the final details. As long as he visits the school library, that would be alright.

As the theoretical foundation tutorial ended, Su Hao’s four basic tutorials officially finished.

“Ding~”

“Ding~”

Countless amounts of information appeared on the communication device. Su Hao opened them to have a look. As expected, it was the school notice, “Student Su Hao, welcome to being an official student of the natural selection class....”

And then followed by a bunch of introductions, which had been mostly mentioned by Zhao Feng before. The battle of honor, which was held once every month. Every month during the 1st day, there would be four classes. Each class lasts for two hours. In exactly one day’s time, four teachers would explain. You can choose whether you want to attend the lectures or not. In addition to those, there were no other courses.

Such level of freedom!

Such a terrifying level of freedom!

Even if you slept until the time for the college entrance exam, nobody would say a thing about you. But those in the natural selection class, who wouldn’t be desperate to keep improving themselves? If you were allowed to sleep, would you do so? [ED: Yes]

With the completion of the basic tutorials, the communication device finally had several more options activated.

Su Hao then looked into the options. If he wasn’t mistaken, it should be the school tasks, field exploration, berserk beasts hunting, and the first kill reward!

Su Hao chose the ‘school mission’ option. Basically, it looked similar to the one in the origin ability firm, just that the reward was replaced with task points. What he was more concerned about were the following options.

Field exploration.

Exploring the field around the school which is filled with berserk beasts, according to the distance travelled, when you reach a specific standard, task points would be rewarded. However, each reward would only be given once.

Field exploration reaching 100 meters, reward 10 task points.

Field exploration reaching 200 meters, reward 20 task points.

Field exploration reaching 300 meters, reward 30 task points.

....

Just like what Zhao Feng said, that detailed long list of rewards was the welfare for students. Although they were benefits which came with danger, the highest exploration was 10,000 meters, and the reward was also extremely terrifying, 1,000 task points. But in general, students usually wandered around 2000 to 3000 meters. Thus, that was just a hopeless indicator.

Berserk beast hunting.

As for hunting, it was according to the number of beasts hunted. And like before, when you reach specific standard, you would be rewarded with specific task points. Each reward could only be obtained once.

1 berserk beasts hunted, reward 10 points.

5 berserk beasts hunted, reward 20 points.

10 berserk beasts hunted, reward 30 points.

....

Similarly, the highest reward for hunting was also 10,000 berserk beasts with reward of 1,000 points. However, if you wanted to hunt 10,000 of them in a year, you would have to kill more than 30 berserk beasts daily on average!

And that was reality, not a game! For students with weak strength, it might be a bit too difficult for them to hunt berserk beasts. When two beasts team up, that task would already become very difficult. If three were to team up together, then even to stay alive was a problem, let alone kill more than 30 of them. As for powerful students, those low level beasts would have run away long ago, when they noticed them. Where could you find ten thousand beasts?

“Interesting way to encourage students. The first reward could be considered as to encourage students to hunt berserk beasts. It’s just free points.” After Su Hao finished analysing, he then went to the last option.

First kill reward.

In the wild, there were countless types of berserk beasts. According to the reward, every time you hunted a new type of beast, you would be able to obtain task points. Each reward was only allowed to be received once.

And then it was followed by a detailed list of the rewards for different type of berserk beasts. According to the different level of dangerous berserk beasts, the task points reward would be different too. And Su Hao saw a familiar name.

Violent red jackal, one star berserk beast. Hunting reward was 10 task points.

In order to hunt red jackal, the minimum origin ability required was 9. It happened to meet the minimum requirement for the natural selection class and was also one of the lowest level berserk beasts here.

“School tasks, field exploration, beasts hunting, first kill reward...” Su Hao pondered for a moment. If he was to include the material, then there were 5 methods to accumulate task points. Although the last three options were only one time reward, to get over hundreds of task points, it shouldn’t be that hard.

And Zhao Feng mentioned that he had to save for so long to have enough points for origin ability transition, and that body forging technique was even more expensive. Then....how much exactly was body forging technique?

After Su Hao had understood all the options, he directly went to visit the school store.

Instead of being like a store, it would be more appropriate to describe it as a huge one story lobby, surrounded by lots of self serve platforms, and a super large screen which listed down some item prices. In the middle of the lobby, a large, ring shaped room placed a salesperson in each direction outside the room.

The ring shaped room was transparent. In the middle of the room there was a rotating staircase. On the ground floor below, all the wanted items were all delivered from there.

Su Hao activated the virtual screen on his device and connected to the wifi.

“Communication device connection...”

“Checking out store merchandise information....detecting student status....basic tutorial completed, standard is met. Do you want to download the product brochure?”

“Confirm!”

“Downloading, please wait for a moment...download is completed. The existing product information has been saved. It’s recommended to always update the information to the latest one.”

Ignoring the sound, Su Hao immediately selected the product brochure.

Basic fighting techniques were missing from the list. The lowest one started from police fighting techniques.

Beginner police fighting technique, 100 task points.

Intermediate police fighting technique, 200 task points.

Advanced police fighting technique, 300 task points.

“So expensive!” Su Hao’s eyes shrinked. Adding them up, it was a total of 600 points! If police fighting techniques were already that expensive....Su Hao continued to scroll down.

Beginner military fighting technique, 300 task points.

Intermediate military fighting technique, 400 task points.

Advanced military fighting technique, 500 task points.

1200 task points! Twice the amount of police fighting technique! That bloody sucker?! That was just the goods for fighting techniques. Su Hao checked for a bit. Body strengthening drug, origin ability cultivation drug. Also, there were also herbs sold which could assist the body’s development. That, however, was quite cheap, costing only few task points.

The goods on origin ability were the most expensive ones. Element control essence, ability control essence, glacier century essence, blaze heaven burner essence, ability supplementary essence, origin ability consumption essence and so on...all sort of items to increase origin ability, and it emphasized more on those with element. As for Su Hao, they didn’t even have a slightest benefit for him.

“Ignore the goods of origin ability!”

Shua!

The list of items changed. Su Hao continued scrolling down. Finally he saw the one which he was searching for. But the very next second after he saw it, his mood instantly turned sour.

*****

drpetro said that gmc world and the natural selection class will made a good competitive VRMMO. Anyway, expect double release again tomorrow!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0055 Hungry for task points!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0055 Hungry for task points!

Body forging technique, 3000 task points.

Fighting essence, 3000 task points.

Advanced body strengthening drug, 3000 task points.

....

Su Hao’s first reaction: “F*ck, so expensive!”

His second reaction: “Sun family is freaking rich!”

Looking once again at the ability column, looking at those items which just required hundreds of task points, Su Hao felt heartache. The gap was too large!

No matter what, they were things he couldn’t do anything with.

For ordinary students, to enhance their origin ability, it was cheap and affordable. After all, natural selection class was created for the sake of students. The existence of goods to be exchanged with task points was none other than to stimulate students to give more effort and to gain more experience.

As for Su Hao, he was challenging the limit!

Theoretical foundation, he was challenging the limit of it, 200 points!

400 points of physical fitness, he was going to challenge to the limit!

400 points of fighting technique, he was going to do the same!

Looking at the upper right corner of the virtual screen, there were his current task points, 300 points.

The reward which he obtained from the battle, 150 points, and also another 150 points from the man, for a total of 300 task points. For ordinary students, it could be considered as quite a bit of wealth, but for him, it was far from enough!

Without a doubt, during the following year, he would fight for every single task points!

Zhao Feng spent a whole year to increase 4 points in his origin ability. That was considered normal. Those who had lower scores than him in the exam, although they won’t be able to enrol in Zhanzheng College, it was definitely sufficient to enter any ordinary university.

During the third year of high school, enhancing 4 points was considered as the bare minimum!

Su Hao thought for a moment. After mastering body forging technique and military fighting technique, he would be able to raise his origin ability by 2 points. Coupled with origin ability transition technique, 4 points shouldn’t be much of a problem.

It was just that for the same 4 points, he had to spend more than others!

“Task point.....”

Su Hao frowned. This time, he needed a careful plan. He would give priority to body forging technique, saving 3000 points! As for military fighting technique.... Zhou Wang had already fully mastered police fighting technique. He should consider breaking through it right?

The whole morning, Su Hao was planning for his future.

He didn’t like any clueless steps. As long as he had reasonable planning and usage, only then would he be able to maximise his growth. Forget about his long term plan, his first goal had already been confirmed, 3000 task points!

How to quickly raise task points?

In the school forum, there were already countless articles about it. The latter stage was naturally all about task upgrades, but as for new students, without doubt the fastest method was through field exploration, beasts hunting, and first kill reward!

It was just a pity that they were only one time rewards. During latter stages, they could only stare at them with drooling mouths.

All these methods could be carried out at the same time.

Su Hao put field exploration as his main priority. Zhao Feng who had 13 points in origin ability could only travel around 2000 m away from school. What about him? How far could he travel in field exploration?

Without any hesitation, Su Hao directly headed outside the school, to the territory of berserk beasts after his lunch.

“Huh?! Su Hao really went out!”

“Seems that he completed all four basic tutorials. In just two days, that’s fast. With his ability, even the teachers wouldn’t have much to teach him.”

After having a duel with Zhao Feng, nearly every student recognised Su Hao. Him exiting the school, naturally meant countless people would notice his action. This was true especially to repeaters. His victory, after all, was a slap on their face.

However, there were some who didn’t care about that. For example....Bai Xiaosheng.

Once again, a message was sent out to every student.

“Bai Xiao Sheng’s gambling is up! How far do you think the first new student in field exploration will be able to travel?

A: FIrst time into field exploration, naturally there would be quite a risk. Reaches 500 meters at most. Odds: 1 to 1

B: After all, he scored 1200 in the mock exam. Rushing up to 1000 meters shouldn’t be a problem. Odds: 1 to 1

C: No matter how bad he is, he’s still first ranked student. 1500 meters! Odds: 1 to 1

D: This terrifying first ranked student, how dare you underestimate him! At least 2000 meters! Odds: 1 to 1

Be brave and make a bet! Believe in your own eyes and grow your confidence! From one to 100 task points, be rest assured to place your bet. Only 60 seconds countdown to bet so be quick! New students can take credit ~” (Its like credit card so edit the last sentence)

New students: “.....”

Repeaters: “.....”

Su Hao had to look for a second and secretly replied, “Half.”

At a place distant away, Bai Xiaosheng, who was proud of himself for seizing every business opportunity, suddenly went mad, “Bai Xiaosheng! You idiot! Why did you forget to exclude this bastard again! Arrr my task points!”

During Bai Xiaosheng’s cry, the students began to place the bet. However, they were all from the repeater batch.

Being bored in that life of endless training, betting could be considered as a form of entertainment. Plus, the fact that the odd was 1 to 1! If everyone was able to guess it right, then wouldn’t Bai Xiaosheng have a failed business instead?

With how smart this guy was, he surely wouldn’t involve himself in a losing business. So, what was he actually planning?

But, to explore the world of berserk beasts, it isn’t just based on the number of your origin ability. For a first timer out there, it could be said that every step they took was going to be something new.

Fighting a berserk beast, whether to kill or not, they would have to hesitate for half a day. Whether they dared to kill or not, they would have to hesitate for the second time. After killing and experiencing the bloody scene, even if not vomiting, they would certainly have nausea for the whole day, let alone the fact that they were still not familiar with the wild environment.

During the first time going out to the wild, some immediately retreated when they encountered their very first berserk beast. Some forced themselves all the way to 100 meters before getting the hell back with a pale face, before restarting their journey after resting for a long time. No to mention the fact that Su Hao’s origin ability wasn’t elemental control. He was proficient in close combat and not ranged assault.

Fighting in close range with berserk beasts, that would surely be a bloody scene!

So, for the first time experience of Su Hao in field exploration, many students had picked option A, 500 meters.

Some smart ones took into account Su Hao’s calm performance during the battle with Zhao Feng and placed their bet on option B, 1000 meters.

Scoring 1200 points in the exam, in the eyes of everyone it was naturally 12 points of origin ability. Generally, such people would be able to reach within the range of 1500 to 1800 meter. But that was only true for old timers who had already experienced it several times. When origin ability reached 13 points, only then would there be a chance to explore more than 2000 meters.

Thus, a few decided to bite the bullet and picked option C. They believed that Su Hao would be able to show his full potential on his first try.

As for option D, nobody was betting on that.

Only when the 60 second timer was about to end, a few bets in option D appeared. Bai Xiaosheng glanced for a moment and his anger erupted, “F*ck that bastard! Not only did he bet on himself, but also 100 points!”

As long as he could see the detailed data about the bet, 90% would bet on option A and B, 9% on option C, and the remaining one percent on option D, which included Su Hao....as well as Zhou Wang, Chen Yiran, and Zhao Feng.

However, he had already obtained the consent of Su Hao and agreed to divide the profit equally.

Bai Xiaosheng no longer bothered himself with this and immediately activated his silent observer tool, which seemed like a small butterfly which leisurely flew to Su Hao’s body.

“Pa ji!”

The tool directly hooked itself above the clothes on the left shoulder of Su Hao. Camouflaging like a sticker, if you didn’t pay any attention to it, it really seemed like a design on the clothes.

“Hua~”

A high definition screen popped out in front of Bai Xiaosheng. A few meters of radius surrounding Su Hao was clear and everything could be seen on the screen. It was a perfect view that every little move of Su Hao could be seen.

Su Hao naturally noticed that, but he didn’t care about it. Since Bai Xiaosheng wanted to watch him, then let him do so. After all, there were task points for him to get.

Sure enough, a short message was forwarded to everyone. Just one task point and you will be able to watch a super clear live stream of Su Hao’s adventure.

Many students cursed. That also needed to be charged?!

They already bet 100 points and yet he still wanted to charge one task point? Too bad, they couldn’t help themselves wanting to watch Su Hao in action and obediently paid. Once again, Su Hao’s figure became the main character of the public broadcast.

That was the advantage of being a celebrity.

Just like any superstar and public figure, without spending any money, someone would be doing all the work for him. Su Hao really used his fame as the first ranked student well!

Of course, the moment he failed even once, all the fame as top student would disappear.

After placing his bet, Su Hao muted his communication device and began to step outside the school campus slowly.

That wasn’t him being arrogant. His idea was that if Zhao Feng could do it, he could also do the same. If he could overcome Zhao Feng in the battle, naturally this time he should be able to perform better than Zhao Feng!

As for his experience in hunting berserk beasts?

Hehe, does he even lack taking any berserk beast’s soul within his own hands?

*****

Who here is an expert in linux diistro? Just starting to explore linux. Absolutely clueless in what I am doing, copy paste is my friend ?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0056 Field exploration
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0056 Field exploration

After taking a deep breath, Su Hao carefully walked towards the forest.

Since this was a field exploration, then it would be best to avoid any battles as long as possible. Once he got into combat, more and more berserk beasts might gather. It may even progress to the stage where escaping wasn’t possible. That was the main reason most students used the life and death command.

However, that didn’t mean that just because you wanted to avoid battles that you would succeed. In the wild, there were a variety of berserk beasts. Naturally there was no shortage of those with fast and nimble figures.

“Shua!”

A yellow monkey appeared on top of a tree, baring its fangs while rushing towards Su Hao. This creature, which used to be cute at one time, became terrifying after undergoing mutation and gaining a pair of sharp fangs.

“Sou!”

The monkey jumped off the tree. Once landed, it rushed forward with a momentum that was as if were an artillery shell that was fired.

In front of the virtual screen, everyone was looking forward to this scene.

The beast was called a yellow-skinned monkey. Like its name, it was a monkey which had undergone mutation with sharp fangs and claws. It specialised in attacking from the trees with extreme speed and dealing a fast blow. If you weren’t paying enough attention, a serious injury was possible. It was ranked as a beast equivalent to 10 points in origin ability.

It wasn’t known how many newcomers had been attacked by this beast.

Su Hao’s eyes shone with a cold stare. Looking at the approaching shadow, he could naturally see it clearly with his extraordinary physical ability.

With both claws forward, the monkey claws swiped at Su Hao.

Su Hao effortlessly evaded. At the same time, his right elbow the monkey’s side during that short moment.

“Peng!”

The yellow-skinned monkey and its skinny body was pushed to a nearby tree. Without any hesitation, Su Hao marched forward to close the distance between them and twisted its slender neck.

“Kacha!”

The yellow-skinned monkey instantly died on the spot.

Leaving the scene to avoid any possibility of nearby beasts surrounding him, Su Hao continued to sprint towards the deeper parts of the forest.

Everyone was staring with a blank expression in front of the virtual screen.

Too fast!

The yellow-skinned monkey only appeared for a duration of one second and yet its neck had been twisted to death by Su Hao. Just as if he were patting the dust away from his body, Su Hao once again proceeded as if nothing had happening.

Was this his first time killing a berserk beast?

Such an approach was even much better than most repeaters and even more skillful!

This time, if there was anyone who thought that Su Hao was just a random brat who just happened to score high in mock exam, then anyone that thought that would be silly. However, the first thing they thought when most of them recovered from the shock was that they had once again been cheated by Bai Xiaosheng!

Especially those who bet on option A. They could’ve gone straight to the wall to hit their heads. That was 100 points, man!

On the virtual screen, Su Hao was like a spirit flying around the forest, avoiding any berserk beasts. In this unknown territory of berserk beasts, he was like a fish back in water.

200 meters...

300 meters....

500 meters....

1000 meters....

In just a short half hour period, Su Hao had directly rushed all the way to 1000 meters away from the school. That had really shocked the spectators again! Although some had predicted him being able to at least travel this far, but....that was a bit too fast.

Every time Su Hao met any berserk beast, he would handle them clean and fast. It was so quick that there was no opportunity for the berserk beasts to group up together. Thus, Su Hao was able to avoid the worst case scenario.

His terrifying 300 points in physical fitness had began to show their advantages!

Many newcomers suffered due to the berserk beasts’ speeds. They were extremely fast, with thick, rough skin as defense. For Su Hao, his body wasn’t inferior to them in any aspect. That had became his advantages instead!

1100 meters....

1200 meters....

1400 meters....

When he reached the area 1500 meters away, he stumbled across a pack of red jackals. Compared to those outside of city, they were entirely different. Not only were they more ferocious and thicker skinned, the most important point here was that.....the team consisted of 11 berserk red jackals!

“Do I fight or not?”

Su Hao pondered for a moment. The current him was extremely familiar with them and much stronger than before, to defeat them shouldn’t be a problem but.....this was still the wild, the territory of berserk beasts!

The reason he kept evading was to avoid large scale battles!

In front of the virtual screen, the spectators obviously noticed about that point.

“Finally he stopped!”

“He’s too formidable! Directly rushing all the way until 1400 meters non-stop, Su Hao is too strong!”

“In my opinion, he should be strong enough. To face a team of 11 red jackals, that’s quite a small number.”

“To get past those red jackals and past the 1500 meter range, that should be possible. Whether he will be able to do so smoothly, that will depend on his luck.”

Everyone was secretly speculating his next move in their hearts. What surprised them was that right at that moment, Su Hao decided to confront them directly.

“What’s Su Hao planning to do?”

“That’s still a group of berserk red jackals. Once a battle occurs, it will surely cause a riot and it will be easy to get surrounded.”

“Ah, after all, it’s his first time.”

In front of the shocked expression of everyone, Su Hao marched forward.

“Ka!”

“Ka!”

Cleaning off every single red jackal efficiently, only one hit per red jackal! It was too easy for him to deal with them with his extraordinary physical fitness.

Every time he dodged, it felt like Su Hao was able to predict the attacks of the berserk beasts.

After effortlessly cleaning up the group of red jackal, Su Hao harvested one fang from them before quietly retreating.

At that moment, the rich heavy odor of blood permeate surrounding the area. Many berserk beasts were attracted to it and began to gather there. Like everyone was expecting, the amount of berserk beasts was increasing more and more.

Su Hao was hiding in the dark, motionlessly watching the scene.

He waited patiently until the gathered berserk beasts began to disperse before he started moving forward with his field exploration. This time around....since most of the berserk beasts were attracted there, Su Hao’s next exploration was proceeding smoothly.

“WTF, you can also do it like that?”

“These berserk beasts are that stupid? Su Hao was hiding in the nearby bushes!” One repeater exclaimed with unsatisfaction, “He can evade them like that?!”

“Nonsense! If you’re the one there, you think you would notice him? But.....since he had reached there, he should be reaching his limit....my task points....”

After triggering a large scale riot, Su Hao once again surged the distance travelled in his field exploration.

1600 meters...

1800 meters.....

1900 meters....

And then, 2000 meters....

“F*ck! How could he be so lucky?!”

“Just like that he reached 2000 meters?”

“I remember at 1900 meters, there was this kind of terrifying berserk beast. Why isn’t it there?”

“You’re silly! With such huge radius of our school, you think every direction would have the same kind of berserk beasts?”

“....”

2000 meters!

Was it far?

No, not far!

Even Zhao Feng could do it. Su Hao’s own goal was also to reach that stage. But for everyone, doing so for the first time in field exploration and under such a huge disadvantage, that was something to be shocked about.

Crossing the threshold of 2000 meters, Su Hao once again rushed forward to the deeper parts of the forest.

This time, luck wasn’t on his side. When he only reached the range of 2300 meters he encountered danger! A group of black ox beast.....Su Hao really didn’t understand how a black ox could appear in a forest.....

Activating a virtual screen, if he wasn’t mistaken, the next reward was at 3000 meters. But currently, he was only at 2300 meters, so there was still a full 700 meters to travel.

Su Hao’s goal this time was just for the task points reward. Since this time, he was lacking in confidence, he had no need to get desperate and turned back.

It was just that when he was heading back, Su Hao encountered quite some danger. Especially the area which he could evade just now, when he passed through it again, he wasn’t able to replicate the same feat.

Killing the beasts while escaping, that was quite a thrilling sight in the forest.

However, there was only one chance for Su Hao to use the fang in his hand to penetrate at one of the berserk beast’s body. When he reached the gate of the school, his whole body was stained with blood.

Looking at his dirty school uniform, Su Hao helplessly smiled.

For others, exploring the field for the first time was definitely a thrilling experience. But for him, Su Hao was already familiar with such an environment. When he was rushing forward for rewards, that wasn’t difficult at all. In fact, it was during his journey back that he encountered some difficulties.

It wasn’t difficult for him to adapt quickly to the ever changing environment in the forest.

“With my current strength, rushing all the way to 2000 meters should be considered normal. However, this Bai Xiaosheng, he really knew how to play a psychological game with the repeaters. Knowing that they would recall how difficult it was during their first time, they were naturally willing to gamble with certainty.”

Su Hao smiled indifferently while looking at the spy device on his shoulder.

As if noticing the sight of Su Hao, the device that seemed like a butterfly once again activated and flew away.

Obviously, Bai Xiaosheng was afraid that Su Hao would make a move and destroy the device, thus he quickly commanded it to flee.

“A!”

Su Hao smiled, “It’s such a rare occasion for me to show such a high profile performance. Also, I have revealed so much of my strength this time...This time the task points should be quite a lot.”

“Finishing the field exploration, plus some first kill rewards and also the reward for berserk beast hunting. The first gold pot is finally in my hand.” Su Hao activated his communication device and checked the amount of task points he currently had. Looking at the number, a burst of joy appeared within his heart.

At last, it was the time to collect the harvest.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0057 A generous reward
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0057 A generous reward

On the virtual screen, countless lines of information began to appear at almost the same time.

“Field exploration reached 100 meters, obtained 10 task points.”

“Field exploration reached 200 meters, obtained 20 task points.”

“Field exploration reached 300 meters, obtained 30 task points.”

...

“Field exploration reached 900 meters, obtained 90 task points.”

“Field exploration reached 1000 meters, obtained 100 task points.”

“Field exploration reached 2000 meters, obtained 200 task points.”

A total of 11 lines of information about his task points rewards. Adding them all together, Su Hao had obtained a total of 750 task points!

In other words, just based on the reward he obtained from field exploration alone he had earned exactly 750 points!

During his field exploration he had killed quite a number of berserk beasts and also obtained the first kill rewards. They should be quite numerous. Su Hao continued scrolling down and sure enough, there were still a lot of unread information.

“Berserk beasts hunted reached 1, obtained 10 task points.”

“Berserk beasts hunted reached 5, obtained 20 task points.”

“Berserk beasts hunted reached 10, obtained 30 task points.”

“Berserk beasts hunted reached 50, obtained 40 task points.”

In one whole day of rampaging, more than 50 berserk beasts had died under Su Hao’s hands.

Berserk beast hunting task points accumulated to a total of 100 points. In addition, there were the first kill rewards, since he had killed a dozen different species. When added together, a total of 150 points were obtained.

When the three segments were added together, 1000 points!

Su Hao’s mind was in a state of ecstasy!

3000 points, that seems not to be far...

However, no wonder Zhao Feng had mentioned that every new student would have the opportunity to increase their strength tremendously during the early stage. So many task points to obtain, even ordinary students would have at least hundreds of points. That should be sufficient to exchange for a cultivation method and some strengthening drugs.

But as for him....that was still far than enough!

“Unfortunately, these rewards were all one time rewards only.” Su Hao had some regret, “It seems like this is quite an amount for such a short duration, but the next reward for field exploration would be 3000 meters, for 300 task points....After these rewards, in the future I can only slowly accumulate them through given missions.”

Su Hao had a clear vision regarding his sources of task points. However, as for now, his harvest was not only from exploration!

Betting!

Bai Xiaosheng’s bet!

His bet of option D earned him yet another 100 task points! Of course, the most important thing was the split of the profit....Very soon, Bai Xiaosheng transferred his portion over.

This time, the students betting on this weren’t many. Repeaters dared to bet, but many newcomers were wary to do so. This was true especially under the circumstances of not knowing much about task points, at most they would only bet a mere 10 points.

Excluding Su Hao, Chen Yiran, and the others who picked option D, the final profit was 1200 points. 600 points were divided to Su Hao.

For a total of 200 students, the final profit was only a mere 1200 points. It was clearly shown that not many people were willing to bet.....but.....they were still free points!

1200 points, how many students had to struggle for more than six months just to accumulate this much?

Bai Xiaosheng just casually sent a few messages and yet the students had already been baited. He was indeed worthy as the king of repeaters, repeating 5 times. He had mastered how to grasp the psychological state of students here.

After all, betting was a kind of entertainment.

Those who dared to bet 100 points were the ones who had complete confidence in their own ability. Even if they lost the bet, they would just curse a few words and resume their journey in their road of origin ability.

Su Hao looked at the 600 task points reward, and with the 100 points which he won himself, he gained a total of 700 points. Together with the previous 1000 points, he had obtained 1700 points this time!

Adding up the previous 300 points, his current total was 2000 points.

Unknowingly, Su Hao had suddenly became a rich student.

However, looking at the school store, at that overwhelming 3000 points of body forging technique, Su Hao could only bitterly smile......the route which he wanted to take was still far from his reach.

Over the next few days, many students had completed the four basic tutorials. Experiencing their first field exploration, each of them gained a generous amount of task points. After purchasing cultivation techniques, they began to work hard.

Su Hao knew very well that he had reached the wall in field exploration. It was hopeless to reach 3000 meters.

Thus, he casually visited the school forum and bought himself a map. After engraving all the hotspots of different kind of berserk beasts, he began to hunt.

First kill!

Each different species of berserk beast, he only killed once!

The reward for the first kill, with the exception of some iconic berserk beasts, were just 10 task points. Luckily, there were all kind of species there and this hunting game was somehow enjoyable to Su Hao.

Over these few days, Su Hao could be seen active surrounding the school campus. Only after he had killed every species of berserk beasts there and collected all the rewards did Su Hao finally stop.

And the amount of berserk beasts that he had killed already exceeded 100, earning him an additional 50 task points. But to reach the next level of 200 berserk beasts, he could only give up as he started to get sick of it.

With the dozens of first kill reward, this time he had earned 400 points!

At this point, Su Hao had completed basically every task which was within his capability, accumulating a total of 2400 points! For other students, such an amount was more than enough to buy countless products, but for Su Hao he still lacked a little bit more.

Still 600 points left!

The materials dropped by berserk beasts could be sold but... the more expensive materials could only be found from 2000 meters onwards. Would Su Hao be able to smoothly return back with his life intact?

With his current strength, he could only barely rush through it. Having to carry materials around while travelling, there was still the question of whether or not he could return back with his life. As for those close by beasts, the materials were just simply unworthy.

Thus, collecting material was something which he would never consider.

No matter how hard he cracked his brain, the only way Su Hao could raise his task points was through school missions!

The reward at the origin ability firm were star dollars, while the school missions had task points as the reward. Besides these, there were basically no difference between them. Su Hao entered the missions list panel and began to browse through before deciding on it.

In the origin ability firm, you must personally accept a mission and get verified before being able to do the mission.

As for the school, since the missions would be accepted by their own students, verification was not required. Missions could be accepted easily through the communication device and were much more convenient.

Su Hao kept browsed through the list.

The missions were divided into two categories, one was from the school while the other was from Jianghu City.

As for the school mission...

The very first mission on the list caught Su Hao in surprise.

“The glory of freshmen!”

Rating: 3 stars

Description: Obtain the victory in battle of honor! After facing the provocation from repeaters, can you still bear with it? As for me, I can’t tolerate any longer! Youngster, rise to your feet! Beat them in the battle of honor and win the freshmen the glory!

Reward: 500 points

“OMG....”

After he finished reading it, a burst of sweat appeared on Su Hao’s back, “Our school really wants to stir up battle between freshmen and repeaters? However, such a task will indeed stimulate faster growth among students.”

And what was interesting was that there was a task which had been completed by Su Hao.

“The counterattack from top student of freshmen!”

Rating: 1 star

Description: According to the school tradition, repeaters would have to challenge the top student of the freshmen, and what you have to do is let them toy with you.

Reward: 150 points.

“En, so those 150 points came from here. But, school tradition? The school is so shameless for such a mission to be listed. Then, repeaters would keep bugging me for a duel?” Su Hao was helpless.

Opening the list of mission from Jianghe City, the amount of missions listed were abundant with a variety of stars. Basically, they were similar to origin ability firm. Most likely the school had partnered with the firm.

One star tasks, were all just some messy tasks. Su Hao ignored them all.

Two star tasks, were more appropriate for his current strength.

Su Hao had a look at them. There were quite a number of strange tasks. Different kinds of material collection, assistance help, catching thieves, private investigation. From these, Su Hao had a clearer understanding of Jianghe City.

Compared to the school’s simplicity and students’ hardship, the society in Jianghe City was much more complex.

Each task listed exposed the current state of the city. Hiding behind the prosperity, evils were lurking around. Su Hao just casually glanced through when suddenly, an emergency task appeared in his field of vision.

Su Hao paused for a moment and was in shock.

“Private bodyguard task.”

Rating: 2 stars (Emergency)

Requirement: 12 points and above in origin ability.

Description: Protect the child’s safety for a period of 3 days.

Reward: 300 task points.

Requester: Yang Ziqing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0058 An adopted lolita
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0058 An adopted lolita

“This....”

Su Hao was stunned. Teacher Yang requested such an unexpected mission?

Was Teacher Yang in any danger?

Without any hesitation, Su Hao accepted the mission. Teacher Yang had always been good to him. He couldn’t just sit and do nothing. After accepting the task, the virtual screen immediately refreshed.

Luckily, at this time in the evening, there was a trip going back to the city from the subway.

Su Hao quickly packed and rushed back to Jianghe City. This was the very first time he was going back to Jianghe City after coming here.

After he reached his home, Su Hao went to his mom and sister to get better information on the situation. Hearing that Teacher Yang might be in danger, his mom, Li Xiaoru urged him to quickly go to Teacher Yang. Su Hao didn’t know whether to laugh or cry looking at her action.

But he knew the temper of his mother very well. Not even finishing his meal, he stood up and rushed to Teacher Yang’s home.

Teacher Yang lived in the eastern district of the city. This was where most well-off families resided. Su Hao looked at the address given and searched for her house. This was the first time he visited Teacher Yang’s home.

“Ding dong~”

Su Hao pressed the doorbell.

“Who is it?” Teacher Yang’s voice travelled from the built in speaker in front of the house.

“Teacher, it’s Su Hao.”

“Su Hao, hold on for a moment.” It was very obvious that she was occupied with something, “Girl, go open the door!”

“I know~” A sharp and clear sound could be heard. Then the anti-thief door suddenly opened. Once the door was wide open, a strange little girl appeared in front of the door. She looked like a 13 year old kid who just hit puberty. It was just that at that time, she was wearing white pyjamas with cartoons so her appearance was very cute.

Having a glance at her, Su Hao began to have a bad feeling.....oh shit, how could I forget that just because I was anxious?!

He still remembered when Teacher Yang was selling off her daughter without any regret and the task that he accepted was to protect this little girl?

FML.... [ED: top kek]

“Hey, uncle! What are you dazzling around? Faster, come inside!” The lolita waved her little hands to remind him.

Uncle....

Su Hao frowned his eyebrows. Instantly, he felt that the little girl in front of him was very annoying.

Walking into the living room.

This was a house for the mother and daughter. It was indeed neat. It seemed that Teacher Yang was someone who liked to tidy her home. The surface of the table had been wiped clean as there were still traces of water stains on it. They had probably just finished their meal.

Stacks of homework were placed on top of the coffee table that was in front of the sofa. Teacher Yang, who had just finished cleaning, began to walk over. She must have helped her daughter do the homework before the meal just now.

Having a look at the surroundings, Su Hao had completely analyzed the situation in front of him.

Because of his origin ability, Su Hao had the experience of analyzing countless of things over these years, so it was not a hard feat for him to understand such a situation. Even without using his ability, he was still able to observe it clearly.

As both of them entered the house, the lolita threw off her slippers, ran to climb on top of the sofa, and resumed her homework. Looking at the scene, Su Hao bitterly smiled, taking care of this girl?

The bad feeling grew stronger as time passed by...

“Have a seat, Su Hao. How come you are here today?” Teacher Yang poured a glass of water for him, “Counting the time, you have entered natural selection class for a week. How do you feel about it?”

“Still alright.” Su Hao continued, “It’s just that I don’t know how many tasks I have to do to enhance my body.”

“As long as you get used to it.” Teacher Yang laughed, “That mission system is really good for sharpening your analysis and cultivation. It’s definitely beneficial for your growth in strength. In the future, you will know more about it.”

“En.” Su Hao nodded.

“Today you’re here for what?”

“Well, it’s like this. I just took a task just now....” Su Hao glanced at the lolita’s homework. Teacher Yang was surprised for a moment and at the next second, came to understand his words.

“Let’s go to the study room and have a chat.”

“Alright.”

Su Hao nodded and both of them entered the study room.

The ears of the lolita who was obediently finishing her homework twitched as if she was dissatisfied with both them as she looked at the direction of the study room and muttered, “I hate them...I just heard the keyword task....What task is it....”

In the study room.

Teacher Yang looked serious, “Is it the one I requested?”

“En.” Su Hao nodded, “Teacher Yang, what happened?”

“Not a big matter.” Teacher Yang shook her head, “Just that..... I have a friend out there that needs my help. I don’t feel safe leaving her alone here, so I need someone to take care of her.”

Three dark lines appeared on Su Hao’s forehead. You think I’m your daughter’s nanny or something? I was a student under you for two years and yet you dare to look down on my IQ?

Looking at Su Hao’s expression, Teacher Yang snappily said “Alright, little brat. You don’t have to look like that. Sometimes there are things which are better not known. It’s for your own good.”

Su Hao sighed, “Teacher, I know you care about me but, after all, I have accepted your task. At the very least, you should inform me of the danger so that I can prepare before hand to face potential danger.”

Only then did Teacher Yang nodded. She had subconsciously thought of her own daughter and Su Hao as her children that she forgot that this time, Su Hao was coming here to protect her daughter.

Indeed, Su Hao had broken through at a monstrous rate. From less than 5 points in origin ability, in less than a period of one month, he had crazily rushed to 12 points, shocking everyone! They might at first had thought that Su Hao was lucky to have his talent blossom at the right time, but his results clearly showed that it was all his hard work during those two years and the accumulation that finally pushed him to a breakthrough!

“This time, I’m not even sure about the possible dangers that might faced.” Teacher Yang shook her head, “There’s indeed some risk helping my friend. However, since this covers a wide implication, I need to have some preparation too. If you encounter any danger, just bring my daughter along and flee. Not many are able to match your speed.”

“Alright!”

Su Hao nodded with a serious expression, “How to protect then?”

Teacher Yang grinned and looked at him, “Of course, it’s 24 hours personal protection. At first, I thought I had to delay for a few days, but since you’re here tonight I will leave early tomorrow. Three days later, I will be back. So, you’re in charge of this girl for these three days.”

Su Hao, “....”

Personal protection? Su Hao believed that Teacher Yang would never request personal protection from a random stranger. It was so obvious that she was trying to make things difficult for him.

Could it be that Teacher Yang was still planning to sell off her daughter?

But this girl, her looks aren’t bad. Why is there such a need to rush and find the one for her?

“Alright, brat. Now the day isn’t early anymore.” Teacher Yang glanced at him and said with a gentle voice, “Why don’t you stay here for tonight? Sleep with the girl together and familiarise yourself with personal protection.”

Su Hao was thrown into the pit of hell by her words. Teacher Yang indeed had such an idea!

“Well, teacher. I haven’t met with my family for quite some time, so I want to spend some quality time with them tonight. Tomorrow morning, when you’re about to leave, just send me a message through the communication device.” Su Hao said so while running away in embarrassment.

In front of the sofa, the lolita looked at the big footprints on the floor left by Su Hao and her nose wrinkled, “Hate it.....he dirtied it again.”

Teacher Yang came out from the study room, “Girl, did you finish the homework?”

“Not yet, there are two questions left.” The lolita shook the pencil within her hand, followed by her big pair of eyes blinking and staring at her mother, “Mom, who was that uncle just now?”

“Uncle?” Teacher Yang burst out in laughter, “You think he looks like an uncle?”

“Hmmpphh, of course.” The lolita opened her little hands and began counting, “Junior school students can be called brothers. 1st year high school students can be called big brothers. As for second year, they’re already uncles. As for that person, it’s so obvious that he’s in uncle level!”

“Such clearly defined levels.” To be able to describe such out of mind logic with such details, Teacher Yang could only felt ashamed, “That person just now isn’t an uncle. Mom told you before right? He’s Su Hao, the school’s top student.”

“Wa, top student!” The lolita’s eyes lit up, “What’s the task then?”

“The task is...” Teacher Yang halted her sentence as she patted the lolita’s head, “You little girl, you eavesdropped again as we spoke?”

“Hehe, mom, faster, tell me.” The lolita began to act cute and shook her mother’s hand.

“What could it be, of course it’s to tutor you. Su Hao got first in three segments. With his super high 190 points in theoretical foundations, he’s more than qualified to be your tutor. Also, I thought I told you before that I’m going on a trip for a few days. During that time, Su Hao will be taking care of you.” said Teacher Yang.

The lolita pouted, “Mom’s going tomorrow?”

“Only for a few days. Don’t worry me and behave yourself. Also, don’t bully Su Hao.” Teacher Yang stared at her.

“Smelly mom, you should be worried that your cute daughter would be bullied.” The lolita stared with her big eyes, showing dissatisfaction as her eyes began to become watery, “I knew it. No wonder I have never seen dad before. I must have been adopted somewhere.....”

Teacher Yang bitterly laughed and quickly comforted her. At the same time, she gave a moment of silence for Su Hao’s next couple of days.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0059 Nostalgia
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0059 Nostalgia

Back at Su Hao’s home, his mother Li Xiaoru and sister Su Ling were waiting for him before having their meal.

The family of three enjoyed their delightful dinner. Su Hao took out a bundle of star dollars for Li Xiaoru. Some materials were not exchanged at the school store, instead, they were exchanged for cash.

Star dollars were simply worthless within the school, but it was still very helpful in improving his family’s condition. These few hundreds of star dollars were more than enough for a better living and to help his sister attain a higher achievement.

“Bro, that’s a lot! You better keep them for your own spending.” Su Ling said while frowning.

“Even with hundreds of thousands of star dollar you won’t be able to buy a thing in the natural selection class, they are simply worthless there. Rest assured, your brother has his own plan.”

Su Hao patted her little head, “But rather, you are the one who needs it more. Although your talent isn’t bad, the skills you’ve mastered are a bit too few.”

“Who says so? I have tried my best.” Su Ling replied in a serious tone.

“I know.” Su Hao laughed it off. “Just that, from now on, don’t be reserved. Just tell bro what you want. As for fighting techniques, bro can teach you himself. Regarding origin ability, I have mastered origin ability transition. In the future, when you have reached the requirement, bro will personally teach you.”

“En.” Su Ling replied obediently. Happiness could be seen on her red rosy cheek.

Just like what Su Hao saw last time, Su Ling’s mastery was a bit too pitiable. Her gap with others was caused by none other than lack of money. But now, Su Hao had already planned everything for her. Fighting technique, check. Even origin ability transition is checked too!

Having such a brother, how could there be anything which she wasn’t satisfied with?

“And you too, mum, you don’t have to be so hard on yourself. Our family no longer lacks money. If you can, all those overtime works, just stop doing them.” Facing Li Xiaorui, Su Hao continued, “If the company doesn’t allow you to do so, just quit it.”

“Alright, alright. Mum knows what to do.” Li Xiaorui laughed. This son of hers, in such a short time, had suddenly became the pillar of the family. She felt at ease with her son’s achievement.

After dinner, he straight went to the only room which could be used for training.

Su Hao began teaching his sister advanced basic fighting technique.

Peng!

Peng!

Su Hao seriously demonstrated them again as Su Ling tried to follow her brother’s steps. Su Ling had already mastered intermediate basic fighting technique, what she was lacking right now was the final little push.

Or perhaps, she didn’t actually plan to learn them.

After all, Su Ling was an ability type user. Fighting is just a supplement to her ability. Such a way was indeed possible, but now Su Hao had much more knowledge about it. In order to be more effective in using the ability, at least 300 points in fighting technique was needed.

Fighting essence is still fine to not be learnt, however, those three fighting techniques must be completed.

Basic fighting technique to build the base.

Police fighting technique to master grappling.

Military fighting technique to master massacre.

By mastering these, the ability would be greatly enhanced!

Only relying on ability alone? Not allowing foes to get close to oneself?

Are you trying to make a joke here? Without mastering fighting techniques, escaping your ability would be just a matter of seconds for the foe. You wouldn’t even notice when the foe was right next to you.

For example....that abnormal Zhao Feng.

With such ability, no wonder he was called the prince of close combat. Although Su Hao won the fight, he couldn’t help but admit that Zhao Feng indeed deserved such a nickname.

Even an ability like penetration exists in this world, so what about other abilities?

In this era of origin ability, there were definitely many strange and weird ones.

Thus, when guiding Su Ling, Su Hao had a very high requirement. The increment of origin ability is one thing, but as for fighting technique, he would personally make sure that Su Ling mastered this life saving art completely.

Su Ling was serious during the session.

Especially since she became aware of the danger she might face in future after Su Hao spoke to her about those freak abilities.

Perhaps seeing Su Hao working hard all the time, Su Ling also began following her brother’s step. However, she was even more talented than Su Hao, what she lacked was none other than resources!

And now, with Su Hao giving her all the resources which she needed badly, her future would be soaring sky high!

The next day, early in the morning, Su Hao received a message sent by Teacher Yang.

After cleaning his room for a bit, he then arrived at Teacher’s Yang house. However, this time....wasn’t it a little too early? Half past five?

Teacher Yang quickly left her house after passing the key and password to Su Hao.

From her eyebrows, Su Hao could noticed the worries hidden within. The task which she was about to perform must not be something simple. The reason she didn’t inform him about must have been because he wasn’t able to be of any help.

The only thing which he could do now was to take care of Teacher Yang’s daughter.

After Teacher Yang left, Su Hao entered the living room. The sky began to slowly turn bright. That loli was still sleeping soundly in her room. Su Hao opened the door to make sure he was able to see her before sitting himself comfortably on the sofa.

The loli’s books were placed on the table in front of the sofa. Out of curiousity, Su Hao took one of them and read.

Junior high Year 2, Yang Zixi.

The book was about natural sciences, one of the important main subjects. Out of all courses, the only one which was quite close to the curriculum in high school was none other than this.

The so called natural sciences, naturally it was all about explaining basic knowledge, which was very useful for theory.

As for the rest of the courses, most of them were about humanities, history, mathematics, etc.

In this era of origin ability, from kindergarten to junior high school, the education was all about learning basic knowledge, from pronunciation of the words, to calculation in mathematical operations. All these basic pieces of knowledge must be completed in junior high school.

These pieces of knowledge contained the high school curriculum from the 21st century. Even some of the university syllabus was included too.

Fortunately, in general, people in this era have better memory. Learning all the knowledge shouldn’t be very difficult. As long as enough effort was poured in, completing the school shouldn’t be difficult.

Then, when reaching high school, in addition to the theory, the rest of the courses emphasized combat and survivability. For students enrolling in the school, their aim was none other than to compete for seats in a university.

Once you stepped into university, this aspect would be even more apparent. Personal strength would be greatly appreciated, highlighting combat and survivability. This was the current era – the era of origin ability!

As for Su Hao, who had become used to fighting, flipping through the textbooks from junior high year 2 brought quite a feeling of nostalgia and joy.

Year 2....

Looking back, back then he was in the same school as Chen Yiran. It was just that they still didn’t know each other, so that eliminated any chance of interaction.

Occasionally, when they passed by each other, Su Hao would casually smile at her as he enjoyed the view of the goddess Chen Yiran.

At that time, Su Hao only thought of how beautiful that girl was. He just wanted to have a longer look and nothing more than that.

Most likely, it was during that time that the seed of love began to sprout.

In high school, Su Hao struggled all the way to become the top student.

Although he had a weak talent and such a pathetic origin ability, his terrifying knowledge on theory made him occupy the first place in that department since then. Nobody could compete with him and that was when he got the chance to know Chen Yiran.

It was that encounter in the park.

Whenever Chen Yiran had any problems regarding theory, she would ask him. After meeting each other several times, they began to get closer. In conclusion, no matter in what era, being a bookworm was always the magical technique to capture the heart of a girl.

(TL: I don’t think so...) (ED: Let’s leave the author in his delusions...)

Of course, during that time, Su Hao didn’t think too much about it.

Being left behind in origin ability, Su Hao trained hard with his crazy routine all the time. How could he have the time to focus on other stuff. However, there was only a tiny bit of progress in his origin ability enhancement.

When he was at a loss, it was Chen Yiran who kept comforting and encouraging him to keep going. That was how both of them gradually became best friend.

Although both were getting more familiar, they still managed to keep a nice distance. That was why such a relationship was able to continue for a long time.

This was because everyone knew well that both of them had a super huge gap in status.

They continued in such a relationship until later there was sudden, tremendous improvement...

Knowing that the time was right, both of them began to show their feelings unknowingly.

“To conclude all this, I guess I do have my attractiveness.”

Remembering all those sweet memories really made him more motivated to achieve his goal! Sun family, in 4 years, I will make sure this family is flipped upside down!

As he was thinking of something, unexpectedly, Su Hao felt a hint of killing intent. A cold wind rushed directly towards him.

Cold expression appeared on his face with hidden killing intent within his eyes.

“Who?!”

*****

I am still in the middle of adjusting my schedule. Do bear with me. Also, for those who didn’t notice the announcement from my site, and will be moving here too. Future chapters would be released here. Thanks for your support as always!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0060 I hate loli!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0060 I hate loli!

A biting cold breeze!

Su Hao suddenly turned around and seized the unknown object approaching him. However, he felt something wasn’t right when he captured the object. When he took a closer look at it, it was actually just a mere slipper.

When he raised his head, the little loli Yang Ziyi was standing in front of him. Her cute face was filled with murderous intent as she stared at him while barefoot.

Su Hao was totally clueless as he felt it was strange, “What’s going on?”

“What’s going on?” Yang Ziyi was getting more furious, “You lolicon middle aged pedophile! Not sleeping at night and secretly opening people’s room. Also, holding people’s textbooks while showing that perverted smile. The only thing left was not salivating!”

Su Hao looked down, he was really still holding her textbook. His face turned bad, but still.......what does this little girl’s head contain?

WTF!

In the end, who’s the perverted one!

Not feeling good, he put back the textbook on the table, and then immediately got up and held little loli up.

“Hhheaeaa, bastard! What’re you trying to do?! Go die, lolicon!” The little loli could be seen desperately struggling to get off of Su Hao. Her still developing body kept rubbing against Su Hao, which triggered his nerve, “If you still move around, I will throw you outside!”

The little loli instantly behaved herself and stopped moving. However, her mouth still whispered, “Indeed a lolicon.”

Su Hao removed the quilt and then threw her on the bed before covering her up, “Quickly, have a nap. You can still rest for an hour before I send you to school.”

Watching little loli with the quilt tightly wrapping her body while staring at him, Su Hao began to feel a headache. The next three days, they wouldn’t be that easy to get past.

Only thirteen years old and yet already so dirty minded, he couldn’t imagine her future...However, to develop to this degree at this age seemed not that bad....NO! What the heck am I thinking!

Su Hao rolled his eyes. Thinking back to Chen Yiran’s perfect figure, he quickly eliminate that little girl out of his brain. Then, he sat on the carpet cross legged and began to meditate.

Rays of origin ability began to illuminating around his body. Su Hao immersed himself into the space within his brain. Looking at the space, the only card which was not illuminating was the beginner origin ability transition!

These days, he was slowly discovering the contents of the card. In the end, what he could see was the scary consumption rate of origin ability energy.

After emptying the fuel tank in his body several times, the progress of the card was not even reaching halfway! It seemed that to completely master the card, a period of time was needed.

Once again, the progress moved a little.

Su Hao dared not exhaust all the energy in his body since these few days there might be danger approaching. He only allowed 10% consumption to make sure that his body was always ready for any foe.

Moreover, his real task....was to carry the little loli along and run.

The new function of model analysis: terrain modeling, was super useful and gave an absolute advantage, especially when running away. Su Hao began to have a more positive impression on his own model analysis.

An hour passed by in a blink of an eye.

The little loli had gone back to her dream long ago. After Su Hao made breakfast for her, he then waked her up. The little loli half consciously walked to the dining table and took a mouthful......and she spit it out!

“So disgusting! What medicine did you put in it, strange uncle!”

Su Hao’s face turned bad yet again, I really hate loli!

At first, he wanted to just throw this girl to his mum, but thinking of the potential danger they might encounter....if it was just the little loli alone, he could still carry her along and run. If he had to protect more people, then nobody would be able to run.

Having tried one mouthful himself, Su Hao’s eyebrows wrinkled. Alright, it wasn’t that delicious indeed....but still, it wasn’t bad to that point. At the very least, it wasn’t any worse than the food in the school cafeteria.

“How bad it is to eat it?” Su Hao stared at her.

“Compared to mum’s food, of course it is hard to eat.” Little loli complained with dissatisfaction, “I want to order food delivery!”

“No!” Su Hao immediately rejected the idea. This wasn’t something to joke about. Any individual could casually put drugs into food. “Hurry and eat it! If not, you’ll have to go to school with empty stomach!”

“Child abuse....” Little loli muttered to herself and swallowed the food with an ugly expression. It seemed as if this was the greatest test in her life.

Su Hao’s mouth twitched. He was resisting planning to tie up this kid and beat her.

Finally, after finishing her breakfast, Su Hao was ready to send her to school. His mind began to spin on how to send her safely to school.....how to prepare for any potential attack....how to protect the little loli instantly.....how to defeat the foe....

Only when he had ensured his perfect plan did he bring her outside.

Entering the car, after fastening the seat belt on the little loli who was sitting at the front passenger seat, she voiced out as Su Hao was about to start the engine of the hovering car, “Strange uncle, do you even have a driver’s license.....”

Shua!

Su Hao’s facial expression changed. Only now did he realize what was the mistake in his plan.

Generally, any high school student would go for a driver’s license test during free time. As for him, since his family couldn’t afford such a luxury and also, he himself didn’t have time for it, naturally he would put that idea out from his mind.

Only now did he remember that, and it looked like....he really didn’t have a driver’s license.

Am I supposed to take this girl to school by bus?

Su Hao glanced at that mischievous little brat and frowned. No, no, no. This is too dangerous. If I drive it only takes me ten minutes, but with bus it will be at least half an hour!

The little loli naturally noticed Su Hao’s facial expression and yet again daringly stabbed at his heart, “Strange uncle....don’t tell me you’re a novice.”

“Novice....”

Su Hao’s mouth twitched. At such a task as being a bodyguard, he was indeed a novice. Even he didn’t do his homework well before accepting this task. But to let a little girl condemn him like so, it was really.....

Shua!

He stepped all the way on the throttle and immediately rushed out!

The suspension car dashed out with a stream of light ray trailing behind, disappearing into the sky. The little loli dared not speak, as her face turned pale and she tightly held onto the grab handle and mumbled.

“Mummy....at this time next year, remember to burn paper for Ziyi....pervert strange uncle is bringing Ziyi to die together.....”

Su Hao attentively listened and immediately rolled his eyes again.

He felt that it was necessary for him to visit the little loli’s school and see what their teacher actually taught them.

As Su Hao drove the suspension car within the air space, he carefully observed the surrounding. If there was any unusual car, he would keenly eye it.

Su Hao didn’t want to make any mistakes in his first task as bodyguard for his most respected teacher’s daughter..

Luckily, he didn’t encounter any abnormal vehicles. Instead, as he was approaching the school gate, Su Hao himself was seen as abnormal car and was stopped by a police officer.

“Hello, sir. We need to check your identity.” A police officer gave his salute and then asked Su Hao for his cooperation.

“Alright!” Su Hao replied.

An instrument which emits green light ray appeared on the police’s hand. Facing the front of the car and scanning, countless information instantly appeared.

The police officer’s expression instantly turned wary.

A student without a driving license.....bringing a pale looking little loli..... this looks like human trafficking...

But still, the police equipment was so advanced that it was able to match up data between the two. A second later, the relationship between Su Hao and Yang Zixi appeared.

The police had a look and only then did he feel relieved, “Student, because you don’t have a driver’s license, I’m afraid that we will have to temporarily seize the car. You have to get the license and pay the fine to get the car back.”

Su Hao faintly smiled, “Have a closer look at my information below.”

“En?”

The police was caught in surprise for a moment. He had a clearer look once again on the virtual screen and looked surprised. Once again saluting, “Sorry, I hope you will understand the trouble we are causing you.”

After that, the police let him pass. Su Hao smiled indifferently. Once again, the suspension car started up and sped away.

The other police officer nearby was stunned, “What’s the situation here?”

The police officer bitterly laughed and directly set the virtual screen to public. When the police officer nearby had a look, he was surprised as well, “Military merits?!”

“Who is this kid? He even has military merits?”

Yes, military merits!

In this era, to be able to achieve military merits, such individuals are true heroes. Naturally they would have privileges. A youth having military merits at this age, could it be people from the state secret department?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0061 Piao Ling Organization
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0061 Piao Ling Organization

In the suspension car.

Su Hao casually drove as the little loli next to him stared at him with her big eyes filled with curiosity.

Military merits!

Only before starting to drive had Su Hao recalled the fact that he had military merits, which was previously thrown behind his mind! To be frank, he always thought that military merits were useless and yet they served a purpose there.

This was the reason he was so brave and kept driving.

If Captain Zhou heard about Su Hao using military merits as a driver’s license, he wondered whether he would vomit blood on the spot.

After sending off the little loli to school and ensuring her safety up to the point of entering the school gate, Su Hao immediately started his cultivation within the car.

It was unnecessary to think about the school’s security. After all, it wasn’t only ordinary civilian children that studied there, but also those rich officials’ kids. Thus, the school was a completely safe fortress. Su Hao wasn’t worried at all.

A day went by in just the blink of an eye. Su Hao slowly restored his origin ability energy while at the same time slowly progressing his origin ability transition technique.

Cultivation!

For other students, after purchasing origin ability transition technique, they needed to carefully study it and then cultivate it wholeheartedly. Only then would they slowly master it.

As for Su Hao?

Model analysis required the consumption of origin ability energy, which was used to replace the time needed to study. In other words, the time he had saved to study turned into a need for energy.

As long as he had enough energy to consume, learning something instantly wasn’t difficult.

However.....in Su Hao’s case, what he was lacking was none other than origin ability energy! Thus, what he could do now was to keep using advanced origin ability cultivation method to restore back his energy. Then, he would move forward one step at a time.

Well, he wasn’t in a rush.

At present, he only had this one card to analyse. Even if his energy was full, it would be a waste. In this situation, he couldn’t afford to live with an empty tank.

“Ding~”

The alarm rang and Su Hao’s eyes suddenly opened. It seemed like time was up!

The little loli had finished her classes!

After opening his communication device, Su Hao entered little loli’s name and soon her information appeared on the virtual screen.

“Activate auto-search!”

“Activating....”

Su Hao pointed his communication device at the school gate. Small boxes appeared on the virtual screen, detecting every human exiting the school gate to recognise their face.

A few moment later, among lots of student that were appearing, a small box suddenly locked on the face of little loli.

Su Hao got out from the car to fetch her.

“Come, let’s go back home.”

“Strange uncle, don’t tell me that you are here the whole day.” Little loli looked at Su Hao with her big, surprised eyes, “Won’t you feel hungry?”

This, this little brat knew how to care about others?

Su Hao felt much more pleased now, “I’m still alright. It won’t be too late when we go back and have dinner.”

Little loli muttered to herself, “This lolicon’s patience is indeed formidable.”

Su Hao: “.......”

WTF!

This loli is so damn annoying!

While leisurely driving back, a flash of light from the rear mirror attracted Su Hao’s attention. He took a closer look at it.

But he found nothing.

“Strange, am I mistaken?”

Su Hao wrinkled his eyebrows. He couldn’t have seen it wrong, but yet, nothing was behind. Logically thinking, there could only be one possibility...

“Activate heat detection!”

“Received....activating heat detection....please hold on for a moment....heat detection complete.”

Looking at the notification on the virtual screen, Su Hao, with one hand, dragged the virtual screen towards the car navigation system. The screen then changed to the information from the virtual screen.

“Shua!”

Su Hao, with his right wrist, clicked the direction of heat detection to the rear of the car. On the screen, three red human like figures suddenly appeared with a very vivid box frame surrounding them.

You could hide a car, but a human’s body heat and the heat coming from the car engine couldn’t be hidden! Under heat detection, the so-called stealth function was simply a joke.

“Wow! What is this?” Little loli was surprised.

Su Hao sneered, “The latest kind of invisible car. Using origin ability energy and blending with the surrounding environment, making it as if it’s transparent in general. Due to the potential security risks, such production is banned. It must have been illegal to create such a vehicle!”

“Waa, so amazing!” Little loli was totally clueless about the danger it might bring upon her. “Let’s make one and play with it too.”

“I think the most important thing to do now is to......escape!” Su Hao glanced at her for a moment, “Little girl, fasten your seat belt well, I’m going to speed up!”

Shua!

Little loli’s seat belt was fastened.

Su Hao immediately opened the driving assistant panel. With sudden acceleration, leaving a stream of light ray behind, he dashed away from the invisible car. Noticing something was not right, the car behind closely followed Su Hao.

Through the heat detection, Su Hao could clearly see every one of the car’s movements.

In fact, shaking off the car was pretty simple, he just need to drift around in an area with lots of cars. Since other drivers wouldn’t notice the invisible car, very soon an accident was bound to happen.

But doing such a thing would involve innocent bystanders, which he couldn’t bring himself to do.

After once again increasing the acceleration of the car, the little loli screamed loudly, “Strange uncle, do you even know how to drive!!!”

“How could I not.” Su Hao coldly smiled. “This brother here played Need for Speed countless times in junior high school.”

The little loli was silenced and burst into tears. Although she was young, that didn’t hinder her from knowing that Need for Speed was just a racing game....

Su Hao really didn’t know how to drive.

Under normal conditions, with the aid of a car’s automatic navigation system, it wouldn’t be much of a problem when driven at normal speeds.

However, in the current situation, the only thing Su Hao knew how to do was accelerate!

After looking in one direction, he would suddenly accelerate!

The traffic system of Jianghu city had a suspended orbiting ray in the sky and all vehicles were moving within the ray; only Su Hao’s car deviated from the ray. It was a truly eye-catching scenery as he accelerated towards a random direction.

At almost the very next second, the traffic alarm was triggered.

“Wu~”

Several police cars instantly rushed towards him and surrounded Su Hao’s car. However, when surrounding Su Hao, a police car behind seemed to have hit something, producing a banging sound.

Su Hao managed to connect to the police navigation system and quickly sent a screenshot of his current communication device’s screen over.

The traffic police acted decisively and began their hunt for the invisible car.

The government’s equipment was naturally more advanced than Su Hao’s. Once the heat detector was activated, everything was clearly seen within the circumference of 100 meters. Thus, currently, the invisible cars were exposed!

After the traffic police exchanged communication several times, they started to surround the invisible cars.

After using a thick smoke to reveal the outline of the car, the car fell to the ground. In a panic, the car dashed in another direction. It was just unlucky that an old lady was crossing the road in the direction the car was heading at. If this was to continue, she was bound to be hit.

“Damn it!”

Su Hao cursed for a second. He rushed towards the scene but sadly, his old car technology wasn’t something created to serve the purpose of saving people. At such a speed, the deviation from the actual target was quite a margin.

Fortunately, a flash of light ray passed by.

A police car rushed forward and hit the car to a different direction with a huge impact before gorgeously drifting and landing safely.

Compared to Su Hao, such people were professionals!

Su Hao, with lots of difficulty, finally managed to stop his car. Bringing the little loli along, he ran to the scene. The invisible car had been hit to a very sorry state. Two people in black spit a mouthful of blood out. Obviously, they suffered serious injuries.

The traffic police were trying to come forward when Su Hao suddenly shouted, “Wait! Hold on!”

The traffic police looked at him in surprise and Su Hao quickly covered the little loli’s eyes without warning. He clearly saw that in the invisible car, the two men in black had produced a trace of white smoke and then their bodies gradually evaporated.

In just a blink of an eye, the two men and their car disappeared into thin air just like that.

After the little loli strugglingly removed Su Hao’s hands, she didn’t manage to see anything. With a pair of burning eyes, she stared at Su Hao.

The traffic police were all dumbfounded too. Su Hao’s face turned black and his heart was beating heavily. Corpse decomposition liquid... ... that guy also had it. This must be the work of the Piao Ling organisation....

Last time, his one encounter with the Piao Ling organisation had given him the opportunity to obtain that mysterious card.

Never did he expect that this time, while protecting the little loli, Yang Zixi, that he would encounter the killers from the Piao Ling organisation again. For the little loli, three killers were dispatched!

What exactly happened with Teacher Yang?

Wait.......three killers?

Su Hao’s face changed again. Rushing to the area where the car disappeared, he looked at the liquid on the ground. Based on his past experience using the liquid.....such an amount....wasn’t enough!

Just now he also seemed to only notice two people, so what about the third person?

Su Hao looked around every corner. Nope! No trace of the third person. It seemed that the man had disappeared into the endless crowd of people.

***

Yorasu is dead. Yorasu 2.0 replaces him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0062 Another confrontation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

0062 Another confrontation

More and more people gathered and surrounded the scene.

At this time, the traffic police recovered from the shocking scene, “Sir, please follow us back for an investigation.”

Although they could see what was going on, since this was a case where there was a death while chasing, there was still a standard procedure which they needed to follow.

Su Hao walked towards the little loli and dragged her along to follow them back to the police station. Since the situation had drastically changed, this case was to be handed over from the traffic police to the police station.

“Sir, we need to check your identity.” A policeman politely asked him.

Su Hao nodded and stood up.

Rays of blue light flashed and passed his body. As long as there was a tiny bit of DNA trace there, any human identity could be easily identified.

Surely enough, Su Hao’s personal information appeared on the screen.

And his identity was none other than a student from the natural selection class of the high school in Jianghe City.

“Wow, talented student.” The policeman in-charge laughed. Seeing that super high 1200 points in the exam, he naturally knew that Su Hao was a strong individual. In the future, he would be an existence looked up upon in Zhanzheng College. Such a person, he dared not offend him for no reason.

“Don’t worry, this is just a normal procedure.” The policeman quickly explained.

“En.” Su Hao smiled and nodded.

The little loli was silent all the time in front of strangers. With both hands grabbing onto Su Hao tightly, she leaned against him.

Every individual present there waited for a moment before Su Hao was led into an interrogation room. Su Hao’s brow wrinkled. As far as he knew, normally general procedure would be done in the public hall. The interrogation room.....isn’t that the place for suspects or criminals?

As for the reason for Su Hao’s questioning, the policeman bitterly laughed, “Because this case is a bit extraordinary, the Captain personally intervened, and as for the suspected organization....to ask about that at the public hall might be a bit too inconvenient.”

Su Hao was relieved, but he insisted on bringing the little loli along.

After the policeman considered for a moment, he could only agreed to the request.

Together with little loli, Su Hao entered the interrogation room. The scene was almost similar to what he imagined. With one side of the wall covered with a black glass which could only be seen through from outside.

In the middle of the interrogation room, a transparent glass table was placed.

However, when Su Hao had a closer look, the material on top of the table was actually not glass, but a screen. Such an unique table was naturally a transparent screen equipped with a computer.

Su Hao took the little loli to sit at one side of the table and soon a policeman entered the room.

“Hello, my name is Li Jun, first brigade captain of Jianghe City Police Department.” The policeman introduced himself to Su Hao. He had a burly figure and together with his short hair, he looked neat and capable.

“If there’s anything, please ask quickly. We have to go back fast.” Su Hao said casually.

“En, alright.” Li Jun tapped on the table with his fingers. One by one, images began to pop up on the screen. Impressively, they were all of the scene just now.

“Can you tell us what exactly happened here as precisely as you can?” Li Jun asked.

Noticing that Li Jun didn’t record anything, Su Hao could guess that all the dialogue here would probably be recorded or videotaped. After pondering for a moment, he answered, “When I was bringing Zixi back home, I accidentally found out that someone was tailing us from behind with killing intent. So, I purposely drove out of the designated track to trigger the traffic police alarm. When the police traffic arrived, I then took the initiative to share what I found with them, which then led to their effort in capturing the killers.”

“Really?” Li Jun thought for a moment and then had a glance at little loli, “What is the relationship between you two?”

Su Hao frowned. Why ask something which you already know of? He didn’t believe that there was no record about his mission that the police department didn’t know of.

Su Hao put the doubt in his heart aside and answered cautiously, “She is the child of my class teacher. These two days, my class teacher won’t be here so I’m taking care of her.”

“So it’s like that.” Li Jun nodded. “How did you notice the foes’ car? As far as we know, the car was in stealth mode. With naked eyes, it would simply be impossible to see.”

Su Hao waved the communication device on his wrist, “Heat detector. Although it’s not as advanced as the one used by the traffic police, it’s still easy to detect the killers.”

“Alright.” Li Jun continued, “So, how did you find out about their identity and give out a warning? According to the scene recorded by police traffic, when they were dying, you stopped the police from having contact with the bodies. In the end, the bodies and car, including all the clues, disappeared without a trace.”

“En?” Within Su Hao’s eyes, coldness flashed by. “I saw traces of white smoke coming out, so I just guessed that it might be corpse decomposing drug.”

“How could you guess that it was corpses decomposing drug with just the white smoke?” Li Jun was still smiling as he asked, “As far as we know, only those familiar with corpse decomposing drug would know about it. Ordinary people wouldn’t know at all.”

Su Hao’s eyes were completely cold.

At this point, if he still couldn’t notice the problem he was facing now, then he would be a retard. This Li Jun seemed to be polite, but in fact, he was just taking every calculative step. From the beginning of the questioning, if Su Hao made any wrong moves, he would be in deep trouble!

Someone framed him!

It was just that, who was it?

This whole thing, could it be a conspiracy?

No, impossible. The other party was, after all, the Piao Ling organization! With such a familiar method, it couldn’t be wrong! If it was really the Piao Ling organization, they wouldn’t be plotting something like this. In fact, they would make their move in front of Su Hao directly. The few people that the organization dispatched weren’t strong. Obviously, their target was none other than Yang Zixi.

Teacher Yang probably predicted something like this would happen, that was why she requested such task.

Therefore, the organization wanted to kill, not a conspiracy. Also, the goal wasn’t him. Well, things were becoming more interesting.

The only possibility was that someone noticed this incident, saw him entering police station, and intended to plot against him.....who was that person?

Su Hao thought back to recent individuals he came in contact with.

Zhou Wang? Nope, that’s a no. Although he kept pressuring Zhou Wang into second rank, from his few interaction with Zhou Wang, Zhou Wang was just a simple person. He was just an otaku freak in cultivation, this kind of plot wasn’t something he was capable of doing.

Then, the next one would be Zhao Feng. Not willing to be defeated by him? If it was before, then it would be possible, but after Su Hao gave him some pointers for him to breakthrough, Zhao Feng was extremely grateful. How could he still hate Su Hao?

The last individual would be Bai Xiaosheng. After all, Su Hao did rake up mission points from him. It was quite a wealth. However, they were just cooperating together. Plus, this guy had been a repeater for five years. How could he be so shortsighted and do such a thing?

So all that was left, Su Hao’s only enemy, seemed to be the one and only.....Sun Yaotian!

Originally, he thought that this bastard would just mind his own business, however this time.....while not even being clear of the situation, he wanted to backstab Su Hao?

A cold light flashed within Su Hao’s eyes.

“Hey, can you please answer my question.” Seeing that Su Hao went silent for quite a while, Li Jun politely urged him.

“Ah~” Su Hao seemed to be surprised and embarrassedly looked at Li Jun, “Sorry, I’m a bit emotionally unstable. After all, this is the first time encountering such an incident, especially involving death, haiz...”

“Yes, we can understand such thing. But still, we hope you will cooperate and answer.” Li Jun continued to kindly remind Su Hao, but this time there was a hint of urgency in his tone. He already knew that Su Hao was about to jump into the pit. All this was an act to delay it.

Su Hao’s heart sneered. From his facial expression, an extremely proud face could be seen, “It’s very simple. It’s because I’m Su Hao!”

Li Jun was stunned. What kind of reply was this?

Looking at Li Jun’s expression, Su Hao immediately explained, “You guys must have seen my data right? I, Su Hao, am ranked first in the high school of Jianghe City and am also the top in the natural selection class. Theoretical basis of 190 points, close to full score.”

“In order to achieve such a high score, I learned a lot of things, and studied a lot of extra information. The specific phenomena of the corpse decomposing drug is just one of them. There’s also the usage of star grass and the favourite berserk beasts that are eaten by the prairie lion. Even the habits of the berserk red jackal living outside of Jianghe City, I also know.” Su Hao said seriously.

“O, yea. Captain Li, what’s your score in theoretical basis?” Su Hao kindly asked.

Embarrassment could be seen on Li Jun’s face.

To work here and smoothly increase his rank to a captain, for sure he was a graduate from a top university but....still, he wasn’t from Zhanzheng College. Thus, his theoretical basis was at best 150-ish. Although he always felt that he wasn’t that bad, right now, when compared with Su Hao, he seemed like an idiot.

Especially, Su Hao could have a hidden meaning in telling him that all of these are just basics. Li Jun asking such a question, wasn’t that just making him look like an idiot? Such basic knowledge, you don’t know it? Oh, your theoretical basis is only 150 points, no wonder.....Although Su Hao didn’t say it all loud, Li Jun seemed to feel such an intent.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0063 Groundless accusation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0063 Groundless accusation

After being secretly teased by Su Hao, Li Jun quickly changed the topic, “Are you confident of your judgement at that time?”

“Nope,” Su Hao shook his head. “Since there are many kinds of white smoke phenomenon, especially coming from the body, I still won’t be able to be 100 percent sure it’s body decomposing fluid. However.....my judgement seems to not be that bad. Even if there’s one percent chance of danger, I shouldn’t let the traffic police take the risk!”

“Even if it’s not body decomposing liquid, there are chances that the temperature in the car is too high, which might lead to explosions.” Su Hao continued pressing, “Don’t tell me that in this situation, I’m supposed to let the traffic police to be in such danger? Naturally, as a good citizen, I should stop them from doing so.”

Su Hao looked at Li Jun with a puzzling look. Such an expression made Li Jun felt even more like an idiot. That look was as if asking if once you joined police team, you were supposed to go and die?

Without a doubt, Li Jun was sure that if the record of this scene were to be seen by his comrades from the police traffic team, they would probably hate him.

Obviously he was the one who supposed to do the questioning here, but was unknowingly being led by Su Hao instead. Without being clear of the situation he was in, he was slowly, but surely, led into the pit.

Li Jun’s face turned cold. Seeing that faint smile on Su Hao, he suddenly understood that he had been seen through!

Since he had been seen through, then there was no longer any need for him to act.

“Su Hao, according to the traffic police, you looked like you were stopping them but you might have be taken that opportunity to throw body decomposing fluid into the scene to destroy evidence.” Li Jun sneered.

“Then what’s my motive?” Su Hao smiled indifferently.

“About a motive, there are lots of possibilities. For example, you had a slow progress in Yang Ziqing’s class during the first two years, but somehow in your third year in high school you suddenly improved rapidly. It was probably because Yang Ziqing delayed your progress that you feel sadness in your heart. Perhaps, you have some bad intention to Yang Ziqing and so on....” Li Jun just blurted out random reasons.

Su Hao was stunned. Such a reason, couldn’t he think of something more realistic?

When he looked down and noticed the huge eyes of the little loli, that cute and charming face.....oh well..

Indeed, that seems tempting.....NONONO! What the heck was he thinking? Daddy isn’t a lolicon!

Besides, his heart already had Chen Yiran.

“Just because of this pathetic reason, you want to press charges on me?” Su Hao’s brows moved. With a faint smile, he continued, “Just for Sun Yaotian, you guys are even willing to throw your life away.”

A flash of killing intent appeared on Li Jun’s face. Su Hao was able to notice that very moment. After all, these days he had been hunting berserk beasts for quite some time. Naturally, he would be sensitive to killing intent.

With just a word, his heart now was already clear and sure enough, his speculation was right!

Sun Yaotian!

Originally, he thought of waiting until a few years later, but since Sun Yaotian had made his move, then Su Hao won’t be reserved either. Due to the agreement between Sun and Chen family, Sun Yaotian only dared to sneakily make his move.

Under such a situation, what was so terrifying about him?

Li Jun looked at him and voiced out, “Sorry, student Su Hao. Due to the possibility of the suspicions we have of you, we need to temporarily detain you. Forgive me for any trouble that we might have caused you. Once you are proven not guilty, we will immediately release you with compensation.”

A set of general sentences, easy to understand. No matter how you looked at it, there wouldn’t be any loopholes.

Li Jun’s suspicions were simply nonsense, but the police could detain anyone for any reason. Of course, they only dared to detain for a maximum of 24 hours.

Sun Yaotian was bringing trouble to Su Hao, taking this opportunity to make his move in the police station. However, once Su Hao was detained here, sooner or later, there would be countless pieces of evidence fabricated. Perhaps, evidence of Su Hao being one of killers from Piao Ling organization might be a possibility too.

At that time, if Su Hao was really hung for punishment, what could the Chen family do? For a dead man, would they seek for an explanation? Obviously not, at most Chen Yiran would take care of his mother and sister.

If these were normal days, Su Hao wouldn’t mind playing with them, but this time....when he was detained, what about little loli?

Never did he forget that there was still a killer out there.

Originally, he was being cooperative with the police station, hoping that they would help him in catching the killer. But now it seemed like that plan had backfired on him instead.

“Being targeted by a killer, she’s now in danger.” Su Hao held the little loli’s hand tight, “If you want to detain me, then let her stay with me here. I don’t mind accompanying you guys in the investigation.”

“I’m sorry, Su Hao.” Li Jun said casually, “Because you are under suspicion, we can’t let the victim stay here with you. During this period of time, we will be the ones to protect Miss Yang Zixi. Taker her away!”

After that, two policemen came in and intended to bring Yang Zixi away.

The little loli was surprised and took two steps backwards, hiding behind Su Hao.

Both of them smiled bitterly and looked at Li Jun.Of course, he tried to justify his order, “Miss Yang Zixi is still small and vulnerable to abduction. For the time being, forcefully take her away. When Yang Ziqing is back, I will personally explain to her.”

Both of the policemen stepped forward, heading towards the little loli.

“Pa!”

One of the policemen’s figures went stiff. Su Hao casually caught his wrist, “Mr. police, bullying a child is no good. While I’m still not angry, get out from here.”

“Let go!”

That policeman raged and threw Su Hao’s hand off of him. “If you dare to make a move again, I will arrest you under the identity of a suspect. When that happens, things won’t be this easy anymore.”

“Really?” Su Hao sneered. Looking at the policeman once again trying to reach the little loli, he didn’t hesitate at all to catch his wrist again.

“Kacha!”

Su Hao gently twisted his wrist while at the same time a kick was directed out. In just a single moment, the policeman’s wrist and ankle were destroyed by Su Hao, causing him to lie on the floor helplessly.

Peng!

Peng!

Peng!

At almost the same time, Su Hao made his move at the other policeman. With his right elbow, he hit the same spot on the chest three times. The last hit seemed to carry a much stronger force and the policeman flew backwards to the wall, sticking there mercilessly. Traces of blood could be seen on his mouth.

In less than two seconds, two policemen were brought to the ground.

Kuang!

Su Hao kicked the chair over. Flying through the air, it crashed into the door of the investigation room.

Peng!

The door was completely sealed.

Only then did Li Jun react. His face changed. With his right hand stretched out, a flame was floating within his hand. He was ready to throw it at Su Hao, but this here was an investigation room!

The distance between Su Hao and him was only one metre, how would Su Hao let him make any moves?

Shua!

In the blink of an eye, Su Hao rushed forward and grabbed Li Jun’s wrist to destroy it.

“Hong!”

A flame ball was shot at the wall, leaving a mass of black gas. It seemed that the wall in the investigation room had been reinforced numerous times, since it was strong against origin ability.

What were the consequences of being brought into close combat with Su Hao?

Apparently, Li Jun didn’t carefully investigate his ability, resulting him to be unable to make a move. Outside he could easily toy around with Su Hao, but here.....in such a small environment, and with the fact that Su Hao had the advantage of initiating, his strong origin ability was totally unable to play any role.

After exchanging five moves, Li Jun was fighting while withstanding the pain. Then, he found an opening to fight back.

“Open!”

Red hot flames emerged from his whole body. The flame began spreading to the surroundings. Of course, the first one in the receiving end was none other than Su Hao!

With just one glance, Su Hao was able to identify it. This ability was..... flame storm!

B-class ability, flame storm!

Flame, one of the elemental abilities. There were countless of abilities with the flame element, each having their own distinct characteristics. Flame storm was just one of them. One of its special characteristic was that it won’t harm the user and its main advantage was defense.

Once the flame covered the whole body, the foe wouldn’t dare to attack at a close range. Elemental attacks might work, but with other abilities, the foe would be burned to death, perhaps before even getting close!

Wasn’t this to get rid of him?

Su Hao sneered. Knowing his ability, did he still think of leaving here in one piece?

Fighting points, burst!

At first, Su Hao, who still wanted to accumulate more energy, suddenly didn’t hesitate to burst his energy. Without fear, he faced off Li Jun’s attack with his fist. The ability coming out from Li Jun was once again returned back by Su Hao.

Su Hao didn’t care at all about his clothes being burned off to near nothingness. Facing Li Jun, his attacks kept getting more ferocious.

Peng!

Peng!

Beating Li Jun to near death, Su Hao then pinned him down to the ground.

A drop of water could be heard in the room. There wasn’t even the slightest movement.

Strange, it had been quite some time now. The policemen outside, why had they still not rushed in?

Su Hao was even planned to forcefully get himself out of the police station. When he looked back, only then did he realized that the little loli had secretly ran over when he wasn’t paying attention to her, locking the door from inside!

***

I am getting new laptop tomorrow ?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0064 Little loli the devil
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0064 Little loli the devil

No wonder!

Su Hao never thought of this. When he first blocked the door, it was mainly to prevent Li Jun from escaping the room. In this investigation room, he could easily beat this guy up, but outside things might not be simple.

Although Li Jun wasn’t qualified to enrol in Zhanzheng College, as a graduate from a main university and having served for several years, his origin ability wouldn’t be that bad. Coupled with his B-grade flame storm, his power was still quite impressive.

Never had he thought that this little loli was so cunning, approaching the door herself to lock it.

“Well done!”

Su Hao hugged the little loli and forcefully kissed her delicate face.

“I hate it!”

With all her strength, the little loli gave him a nice kick, “You are indeed lollicon!”

Su Hao rolled his eyes. Ignoring this little loli’s brain, which was full of nonsense, he turned around, facing the glass wall on one side of the interrogation room.

“At this time, you still don’t want to open the screen?”

The glass in front of him didn’t show any reaction at all. Su Hao sneered as he looked at Li Jun, who was lying helplessly on the floor. Aiming his kick at the chest, Su Hao directed his leg there.

“Ah~”

A scream of pain echoed within the interrogation room. The glass wall in the room suddenly turned transparent.

Sure enough!

Su Hao looked at the scene outside casually. By this time, all the policemen in the station had already gathered outside, it was just that the door couldn’t be opened.

“Su Hao, what are you planning to do? If you kill our captain, don’t think of leaving here alive!” Some men were threatening him.

Su Hao stretched his body and placed a chair back to correct position. Sitting down in a comfortable position, he looked at the little loli, “Little brat, what do you say about staying here till your mum comes back? Here it’s safe, yet comfortable.”

“No!” The little loli shook her head and counted with her little fingers, “My stomach will get hungry, I need to eat. Also, I will have to go toilet and need a bath too.”

“That’s true.”

Su Hao said so in a regretful tone and then turned to face the policemen outside the room, “Hey, fellow policemen, tell your bureau chief to come here. I need to speak to him personally.”

“Bastard! Who are you? Don’t think that you can meet with our burea....”

“Ah~~”

Yet another painful scream. Su Hao retracted back the leg which he used to kick and looked at the policemen, “Aiya, my bad. This interrogation room is quite boring. I guess this is the only fun part...”

Pleasure....

He really went and abused the police station chief for pleasure?!

The policemen took a deep breath and dared not to utter a word. They were afraid Su Hao was going to kick again. Li Jun was in such a sorry state, plus every time Su Hao kicked, it seemed like he wasn’t holding back either.

Thinking of this, they immediately contacted the bureau chief.

At this time, the almighty bureau chief was climbing on top of an unknown woman with his little junior standing upright. However, when he received the emergency communication from police station, his little junior instantly dropped dead.

Emergency communication, unless there were special circumstances, such communications wasn’t permitted to be used.

He quickly got down from the woman and dialed back. The scene inside the police station made him stunned, especially the current situation in the interrogation room.

The police station chief who was beaten like a pig was lying on the floor in such a sorry state, and the two other policemen next to him were in a coma. There was also one student casually standing there and one cute little loli....

What’s this messed up situation?!

I don’t care?

It was a little problem, yet they still dared to disturb their daddy. The bureau chief rushed back to the bed and climbed back on top. Sadly, he found out that it couldn’t get harder anymore.

Damn!

He spent one hundred star dollars to buy this male boosting drug, yet he was just distracted for two minutes and the effect vanished!

Cursing out loud, the bureau chief rushed back to the police station.

Inside the interrogation room.

The little loli wasn’t afraid at all. With her big eyes looking around, she seemed bored, “Strange uncle, our school is going to train for a choir contest. Why don’t you teach me.”

“O?” Su Hao was curious, “What song?”

The little loli played with her fingers, “I think it should be what unity is strength. I myself can’t remember. After all, I still haven’t learned it.”

“I don’t know!”

Su Hao firmly waved his hands. He had sung that song so many times during junior high school that he felt sick of it. Right now, even if he was to be beaten to death, he wouldn’t sing it again!

“O.”

The little loli looked down in disappointment. Feeling some guilt, he saw the little loli run to Li Jun, “The police should’ve learned this song. Captain, you must’ve known this song, right?”

Li Jun’s whole body was in pain. Since when did he have any energy left to bother with her?

The little loli learned from Su Hao and copied the action of kicking, and then angrily asked, “Do you know or do you not?”

“Si~”

“I kn....know...” Li Jun took a deep cold breath. The little loli’s strength wasn’t great, but she was kicking at the wound. How could that not hurt?

“Then sing for me. If you sing badly, I will kick you again.” She said so while pointing at Li Jun.

“Uni...unity.... is strength.....” Li Jun sang with a crying face, “Si~ pain....I didn’t sing it wrong, kay?”

“Wrong, our teacher said that at the end of the sentence you have to drag it longer.” The little loli said seriously.

Li Jun was mad. He was in such a painful state, how could he still able to drag it long?

But when he saw the little lolli was about to kick again, he quickly sang, “Uni....unity is strength......strength strength strength! Uni....unity is strength......strength strength strength! This strength....as strong as.....iron! This strength is as strong as steel! Compared to iron........”

Su Hao who was standing besides them looked stunned.

Looking at the little loli carefully once more, it was as if Su Hao was able to see a pair of black horns emerge from her head, a pair of wings on her back, and a little demon tail coming from her buttock.

Instantly, he felt sympathy for Li Jun. At the same time, he was glad that he escaped this torment.

Not only Su Hao, even the policemen outside the interrogation room were dumbfounded too.

Chief Li who was always proudful and majestic, why was he reduced to such a state....

When bureau chief He Qizheng arrived, he was angered by the scene, “What happened? Why are you guys assembled here? Get back to your positions!”

“Uh, bureau chief is here!”

Seeing this, all the policemen quickly got back to their seats, leaving only the one in charge to make the report to the bureau chief.

After greeting some officers that were guarding the room, he looked inside and growled, “Have you made enough of mess!?”

With his obese body perspiring non stop, it was clear that He Qizheng did rush back here.

His roar echoed inside the interrogation room. The little loli was surprised and quickly ran to hide behind Su Hao.

Su Hao looked at her and helplessly shook his head, “A dignified bureau chief, scaring little kids is no good.”

“Heng, beating two officers until they’re in a coma, injuring one into such a sorry state, occupying the interrogation room, ignoring law and now, you dare to threaten me? You think you can get out of here?”

He Qizheng said with no fear.

“Well, I don’t care.” Su Hao shrugged, “I ask bureau chief here for justice.”

“What justice?” He Qizheng frowned.

Su Hao casually replied, “Right now I have reason to suspect that Li Jun and the Piao Ling organization are related. Fact is, I’m the one who helped catching those killers from the Piao Ling organization, but this Li Jun is planning to trap me here and let Yang Zixi outside for an opportunity to assassinate her.”

“Also....”

Peng!

Su Hao kicked the door open. He casually walked out from the door as the two officers guarding the room were looking at him.

Holding the little loli, Su Hao looked at He Qizheng, “I’m pretty sure you know the overview of this incident. If this goes big, I’m sure it won’t bring you guys any good either. I’m here now, you dare to catch me?”

“How wouldn’t I dare?!!”

He Qizheng sneered, “Just a tiny puny student, yet he thinks he’s invincible? Hold him down. Guys, send the evidence and see how many years of imprisonment he would be getting!”

“Ding~”

One of the officers entered a series of evidence of Su Hao’s wrongdoing. With data running all over the screen, soon the final result was out.

“Hello, according to the new law, the police have no right to convict those who have military merits. If there’s enough evidence of guilt, please transfer to Jianghe City’s army.”

The cold AI voice echoed within the police station.

He Qizheng’s whole body was stiff. Several nearby officers were stunned too.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0065 The cost of making the move
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0065 The cost of making the move

Military merits......military merits!

He’s just a high school student, how could he have military merits?

As if He Qizheng didn’t believe Su Hao’s information, he went to read the wall of text and suddenly realised that there was only one small sentence about Su Hao’s military merits. He must not have obtained much. Too bad, he couldn’t check anything about military matters, but it was this little military merit that changed Su Hao’s status.

Damn it!

That idiot Sun Yaotian, he never mentioned anything about this!

If this case was handed to the army, Su Hao’s case would only be a minor one. The matter of Sun Yaotian contacting him might be exposed, and all the things he received as bribes might be identified. The worst case was that Sun Yaotian’s future would also be affected by this. From the way Sun family worked, they wouldn’t leave him alive for sure!

This was trouble!

“Fellow police, don’t tell me you guys aren’t going to follow the law and take me down by force? I’m so afraid oh~” As Su Hao said so, he lightly released the little loli’s hand and checked inside her fingernails to see whether there were any dirty spots.

He Qizheng’s mouth twitched slightly. He didn’t even look one bit afraid, did he?

“I’m sorry. Just now I accidentally took a video. You know, with this communication device, things are getting convenient. You can easily record a 360 degree video.” Su Hao grabbed one of the little loli’s fingers and got the dirty spot out before blowing a sigh of relief. Next, he hit the little loli’s head.

“Pain!”

The little loli covered her head.

“Causing yourself to become so dirty.” After Su Hao cleaned off both of the little loli’s hands, only then did he felt satisfied enough to turn his head around and look at He Qizheng. “I have those friends who are eager to give a lesson to this Sun family. For example.....Zhou Wang? Guess what will happen if I send this video to them?”

He Qizheng looked at Su Hao coldly, “What do you want?”

Su Hao’s mouth was getting itchy. He glanced at Li Jun for a moment and moved his lips a few times but no sound was produced.

He Qizheng saw his actions and again, his whole body froze!

Su Hao smiled and held back the little loli’s hand. Those few words that left He qizheng shocked were “I! Want! Him! Dead!”

“You’re too much.”

He Qizheng tightened his whole body, “Absolutely not. At most, you will have monetary compensation.”

Li Jun was no ordinary policeman. At such a young age, he already became the chief of the first team. He was in the right path and might even be a police chief in future! This move was something Sun family did under the nose of Chen and Zhou family. Spending countless resources to arrange such a good pawn, to the Sun family, Li Jun was a significant person.

Su Hao patted his shoulder, “In a war game, everyone knows how to play. You make a move at me, and I will reply back the same. You come to play a game with me, then he who has the ability will emerge as the winner. He has hatred toward me, so taking an action toward me is pretty normal. But since he failed, he should pay the price, right?”

He Qizheng’s heart turned cold. He at first thought that Sun Yaotian wanting him to kill a high school student was a common thing. In this chaotic era, a few people dying occasionally won’t attract attention from the public. But now, never did he expect that this single move would bring such trouble.

And this guy in front, he was so terrifying!

Murder in his eyes, was just a something normal. His whole body was filled with confidence as if whatever the situation was, he would be able to leisurely handle it and set up a grand plan step by step.

Perhaps, from the moment Shi Lei saw that Li Jun intended to make a move at him, he had already labeled Li Jun as dead man? Hurting Li Jun, occupying the interrogation room, obediently coming out from the room, all of those seemed like reckless moves. It can’t be that these were all steps for the grand plan that he thought off?

This young man was no ordinary people!

“Don’t think too long.” Su Hao kindly reminded him, “This little brat is hungry. I still need to get her meal.”

“Alright!”

He Qizheng bit his teeth and forcefully uttered this word out.

“Now that’s the right choice.” Su Hao smiled indifferently, “We plan to go back now, but since the sky is dark, can you please send us to the traffic police team? After all, our car is still at their place.”

“Xiao Wang, send Su Hao to the traffic police team.” He Qizheng said to the officer, “We caught the wrong person, so we need to express some apology.”

“Yes!” Xiao Wang nodded and brought out Su Hao and the little loli.

In the police station, after leaving only Li Jun in the interrogation room, a policeman ran to quickly report to He Qizheng, “Bureau chief, Captain Lee’s condition is no good. He needs immediate treatment.”

He Qizheng sighed and had a look at Li Jun before his face turned cold, “What’s the need to be anxious? As the chief of the first police team, he even dared to conspire with the Piao Ling Organization and frame a student! This police officer doesn’t deserve any treatment! Dismiss Li Jun’s from his duties and check his account!”

The police officers in the police station were all dumbfounded. What situation was this?

Captain Li Jun was, after all, one of the bureau chief’s most important lackeys. Plus, with the fact that he had some relation with the Sun family, he had slowly climbed up to his current position. Why was he suddenly abandoned like that?

The officers that were trying to figure out the reason began investigating Li Jun’s account. “Bureau chief, in Li Jun’s account, there are several transactions for which the source is unable to be detected.”

“Sure enough!”

He Qizheng acted furious and increased his tone, “Hold him down! This scum should be eradicate at once! He wasted all my trust on him!”

Several policemen quickly went and got the unconscious Li Jun up, “Bureau chief, treatment....”

“Go!”

Sadness could be seen in He Qizheng, “No matter what, he’s still one of my men. Although he’s involved in corruption, he still needs to be treated before being sent off to prison.”

“Yes!”

The police ordered Li Jun to be given priority for treatment in the hospital.

Half an hour later, due to heavy injury, Li Jun was dead. Due to the dismissal from his duty and criminal record, he could only blame himself for the injury on his body. Even all the tiny traces left in police system were erased.

At this point, Su Hao had already brought the little loli back home.

Having to face so many events in one day, the little loli was so tired that she went straight to sleep when she got home.

Su Hao carried her into her bed and covered her with her quilt. Only then did he return back to living room. He felt that he need to sort out all the events that happened today.

“Sun Yaotian.....you’re finally not able to hold yourself back.”

Su Hao leaned against the sofa; his mind were moving like electricity.

The hatred between them was already long ago tied into a knot. Sun Yaotian could make a move at him at any time. Of course, if Su Hao had the opportunity, he naturally wouldn’t hesitate to do so either.

There was no doubt, but this time.....Sun Yaotian’s timing was a bit too precise!

When he calculated the time, from the moment he and the little loli encountered the killers, until the reaching police station, how long was it? Half an hour? In such a short period of time, Sun Yaotian who was far away in the natural selection class had already received the news and started making a move?

It was impossible to be that fast!

Then the only possibility would be that Sun Yaotian had long ago paid attention to his movement and perhaps....from the moment he accepted his task?

Su Hao’s mind moved.

Task!

This was the first time he had accepted a task since he entered natural selection class and it was also the first time he left the natural selection class. With his influence in the school, naturally he would be noticed when he left the school compound.

Then.....Sun Yaotian must have sent a person to monitor him and see whether there were any opportunities to disrupt his task?

That must be it!

Su Hao’s eyes brightened. In such a short period of time, he understood Sun Yaotian’s plan.

Destroying his task! The Sun family had already instructed Sun Yaotian to not make any moves toward Su Hao. That was why Sun Yaotian decided to disrupt his task, making him unable to get any task points.

With Su Hao’s current strength, to improving further wasn’t an easy task.

If task points were even more difficult to obtain, then he would have a hard time improving his origin ability. Not to mention Zhanzheng College, it would be hard to get admitted to even those main universities.

And this was Sun Yaotian’s main goal.

It was that the appearance of the Piao Ling Organization that made him think this was the chance to eradicate Su Hao! That was why such a framing occurred to Su Hao.

“Interesting, Sun Yaotian. You care so much about me.” Su Hao casually said with a touch of coldness within his eyes.

This was yet another clash between Su Hao and Sun Yaotian.

Sun Yaotian, of course, was free to make any move. After all, their relationship wasn’t the lovey dovey kind. However, since he made a move, he naturally had to pay the price for failure.

And this time, the price that Sun Yaotian needed to pay was Li Jun’s life!

This was a warning from Su Hao.

The relation between Sun Yaotian and Li Jun wasn’t ordinary, even Su Hao could see that. But, so what?

It’s because their relationship wasn’t ordinary that he want his life. If they were just a nobody, he wouldn’t even have the time to bother him!

You want to make a move, I will accompany you along! Just that, your first move already involved a life. Are you ready to accept the consequences for your next move, Sun Yaotian?

This was getting interesting. When Su Hao no longer had to worry about the strength of the Sun family, whatever Sun Yaotian was going to do, Su Hao would repay him back one hundred times!

The game had only just begun! [ED: On the next episode of Game of Thrones...]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0066 Strategy to attract lolicon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0066 Strategy to attract lolicon

Peng!

A jade bottle was forcefully thrown on the floor. Emerald green fragments scattered all over the place.

Sun Yaotian’s face was extremely dark.

He lost again!

He really lost again!

Once again, he lost to that Su Hao! [TL: Hatred x999]

He found that Chen Yiran was getting more diligent with her training these days, but she had turned colder and colder. However, whenever she heard news of Su Hao, Chen Yiran would reveal a sweet smile.

He was jealous; his hatred was at the depth of an abyss!

Especially since, recently, Su Hao had not only become the limelight among freshmen, but in no time he also upgraded his status as to top student! Also, the battle with repeaters and the berserk beasts hunt in field exploration also let Su Hao claim the spotlight.

Not only Chen Yiran, but even those few girls who kept following behind had begun to worship Su Hao. Once the name ‘Su Hao’ was mentioned, their eyes would be twinkling like stars.

Being first there was really something worth mentioning. After all, everyone that could enroll there was a genius.

From thousands of student in school, excluding those taking private lessons, only a few dozen were accepted to the natural selection class. Who there wouldn’t be favoured? With Sun Yaotian’s talent, he was only considered ordinary.

What about the Sun family’s identity?

Have a look there: Zhou family, Chen family, Bai family......and so on; there were too many!

Although some of the families weren’t as powerful as the Sun family, there was still no need to curry favor with him by bootlicking him to get into Zhanzheng College. To become a true pride, all those family statuses were just trash. From now on, strength was the true king!

Thus, Sun Yaotian, was just a nobody who was ignored there.

As for Su Hao, he was getting more prosperous each day.

He had an E-grade talent! Sun Yaotian kept telling himself that fighting technique was only useful in the early stage. All other students knew about this fact too.

Su Hao wouldn’t have an advantage in the late stage, only the early stage!

However, this didn’t prevent the public from admiring him. In fact, many people were eager and looking forward to him creating another miracle. In just one year, he was able to increase his origin ability to more than double what it was before. What other miracle couldn’t he make?

Thus, Sun Yaotian wasn’t able to hold himself back.

Although his brother had told him that as long as he was able to enroll into Zhanzheng College, when both brothers were together, this insignificant Su Hao was nothing. Although he knew very well that as long as he graduated from university, Chen Yiran naturally would have to marry him....

But when he looked at Su Hao, who kept getting stronger, he still made his move!

Can’t kill you, so I will just send people to disrupt your task. The surveillance went smooth, and with the appearance of Piao Ling Organization he saw a perfect opportunity to seize. But, never did he expect Su Hao to cleanly counter his plan. Even, his good pawn Li Jun was dead from this.

“Su! Hao!”

Sun Yaotian gritted his teeth as he said those two words. Looking at his place which was now full of jade fragments, he was somehow trembling in fear.

In his first confrontation with Su Hao, one of his eyes had been dug out by Su Hao.

As for the second confrontation, the day before the natural selection class exam, Su Hao threatened to dig out his other eye. Due to him being afraid, he retreated.

And confronting Su Hao for the third time, which was this time, Li Jun became the victim. Su Hao once again warned him.

Every time, blood would be spilt!

He was afraid! The shadow left by Su Hao in his heart was growing bigger and bigger. He didn’t understand how this cowardly student that he easily trumped over before had become so terrifying now.

He probably wouldn’t be able to understand in his whole life.

Some would tolerate all the humiliation that no ordinary human could withstand for the sake of their family. There were also those who chose to change their life and became more powerful for their family.

Su Hao was the latter one!

During the cold night illuminated by moonlight, Su Hao was sitting cross legged in the living room with both eyes closed as he began sensing the surroundings. Advanced origin ability cultivation technique was slowly running in the background.

Not far behind from Su Hao, the bedroom door, as always, was opened wide. The little loli was lying on her bed, sleeping sweetly. Occasionally she would move her mouth, causing Su Hao to wonder what good dream she was having.

The night went past just like that.

The next morning.

Su Hao opened his eyes at the right time. After dragging the little loli out from her bed, she then brushed her teeth, washed her face, and ate breakfast. Unexpectedly, Su Hao was amazed that this little loli was behaving well today.

Obediently putting her uniform, she then followed Su Hao out.

In the car, Su Hao looked at the little loli. With his brows wrinkled, he touched her forehead, “No fever, huh? Brat, why are you so quiet today?”

The little loli: “..........”

“Sick? Fever?” Su Hao looked at her with a surprised expression.

The little loli’s face was a bit shy, “No, I’m usually like this.”

“O?” Su Hao looked at her strangely, “Really? Then yesterday, that little loli who kept annoying people, who was that then?”

“Aiya, you’re so hateful. Yesterday I had that, so my mood wasn’t that stable,” the little loli said in a soft tone. Compared to yesterday, she was like a completely different person.

“That?”

WTF?

Damn, aren’t you only thirteen years old?

Thirteen years old already had that? Really? Or not? Got? Or not? [ED: I guess sex ed was too practical to be part of theoretical foundation.]

Su Hao was completely clueless about this. However, how could she just say such a thing like that with a gentle tone? Su Hao once again touched her head, “Strange, did yesterday’s incident cause a concussion?”

The little loli clearly turned stiff and then quickly returned back to being tender, “Big brother, I’m going to be late.”

“Big brother......”

Su Hao’s hands trembled. With his mouth twitching, he strangely looked at this little loli and then drove, heading towards the direction of her school.

While they were on the way there, Su Hao saw the little loli take out a book and then grind teeth while mumbling, “That’s weird. The book clearly stated that lolicons like this kind of gentle, soft expression. The type that will make them mad. Don’t tell that my acting isn’t good enough?”

“Chi!”

Su Hao’s hand once again trembled. He almost hit the nearby tree with his car.

Turning his head to look at the little loli, a burst of anger rose within Su Hao. He didn’t want to listen to what she was mumbling about. In fact, in normal situations, only the little loli could hear what she said, but since Su Hao’s physical ability had been enhanced, all aspects of his senses were improved together. That was why he was able to hear the little loli quite clearly.

“Shua!”

Su Hao snatched away the book in the little loli’s hand, opening the book, “Strategy to attract lolicon..........” [ED: Hello, my name is Chris Hansen...]

“Bastard, return my book!”

The little loli was mad, struggling as hard as she could to take back her book. With a right hand pressing on her head, the little loli wasn’t able to reach Su Hao with her short hands.

Su Hao had a look at the book and was shocked by it.

He really couldn’t keep up with the times!

Nowadays, students really had all kind of books!

The content of the book described the details on how to attract a lolicon. Obviously, the little loli’s behaviour this morning was the content of the first chapter in the book.

“Let me ask you this, brat. What’re you trying to do now?” Su Hao asked her curiously.

The little loli coldly snorted and then calmed herself down by placing both hands crossed on her still developing chest, “Chase after you. My mom said that the most important thing in a girl’s life is to encounter a good man. Once you encounter him, you mustn’t miss the chance or you’ll regret your whole life.”

Su Hao’s mouth twitched, “Then, did you mom tell you to do that only after reaching adulthood?”

“Hmmpph, you don’t have to care about me!”

The little loli quickly snatched back her book, “This is what I borrowed. I still need to return it.”

“Return it to where you got it from.” Su Hao glanced at her, “If you let me see it again, I’ll burn it.”

“I know. You’re just like my old mom, so long-winded!” The little loli’s feet hit the car’s floor, “Start driving, quick! I’m gonna be late!”

Helplessly, Su Hao once again drove towards her school.

Although this time a thrilling episode took place, fortunately, the little loli was able to calm down and no longer did any nonsense.

But this time, Su Hao had to admit that he really didn’t understand the world of junior high school girl!

At the same time, he was deeply skeptical about Teacher Yang’s method of education. How did she educate her daughter for her to become this annoying, weird little loli?

Once he sent the little loli off to school, Su Hao once again resumed his cultivation in the car.

After experiencing yesterday’s events, Su Hao now didn’t even dare to let his guard down. Last time he just suspected that someone was targeting the little loli, but yesterday it was clearly proved that the Piao Long Organization was indeed behind this and there was still one killer wandering around!

Piao Long Organization would act differently on different targets!

For example, in the little loli’s case, the organization only used some low level killers in order to save their resources. According to Su Hao’s speculation, all the killers in the organization had at least 10 points in origin ability.

Su Hao kept his senses to the max.

Make progress on origin ability transition technique, advance cultivation, and send the little loli to school. The following days seemed to be pretty simple. Two days had passed, but the third killer still hadn’t appeared.

I am changing the format a bit with additional horizontal lines. This seems much better ?

I guess Chen Yiran need to work harder, making sure she stays in Su Hao’s heart?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0067 A fatal blow from sky
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0067 A fatal blow from sky

“Perhaps he’s dead?”

Su Hao pondered. Today, Teacher Yang would be returning. With her strength, coupled with the fact that she was one of the school instructors, this killer wouldn’t even have a chance.

Was he really dead?

If he wasn’t dead, then why has he still not take any action?

Su Hao was in a deep thought.

“Hey, strange uncle. Let’s go and fetch my old mum.”The little loli got into the car excitedly. Today she was wearing a white princess dress and looked more like a lady now.

“En.”

Su Hao nodded, driving the little loli to the airport.

But when he saw the little loli, Su Hao felt that something was different, as if......She was more beautiful. Coupled with a gorgeous dress, her appearance seemed like a little angel. Her bright face, big eyes, and pink lips, at this moment, revealed a sparkling ray .....Hold on....Sparkling?!

Su Hao who was caught in surprise suddenly exclaimed, “You used make up?!”

“How is it? Am I pretty?”

Su Hao’s mouth twitched, “That damn book, did you throw it away already?”

“I have returned it to my classmate.” The little loli proudly said, “But with this miss’s intelligence, all of the contents have been memorized. Wakakaka.”

Su Hao: “...Dressing up like this. Be careful, your mother is going to flame you.”

“Ceh, that won’t happen.” The little loli curled her lip, “I am, after all, a cute adorable girl loved by all. Only you, damn lolicon that’s acting in disguise, don’t dare to approach me.”

Su Hao: “...”

Not caring about this unreasonable loli, Su Hao drove cautiously. After these two days of learning, he could be considered a skillful driver. At least, when he applied what he learned from theoretical basis, his mastery was at a high rate.

However, the killer that made him feel uneasy these past two days still hadn’t appeared. Why so?

Was he really dead?

No, if he was dead, then that was good. But if not? Why hadn’t he made any moves still?As someone from the Piao Ling Organization, he definitely wouldn’t give up the task. Thus, he would definitely attempt an assassination again.

The reason he didn’t make any moves must be because he still hadn’t found the right opportunity!

Knowing my strength, he couldn’t find a golden opportunity, so ... ...He would make a chance for himself! Su Hao used the substitution method to analyse the killer’s movement. How could he create an opportunity?

An opportunity wasn’t so easy to create. Su Hao always stayed alert everyday from home to school. Any suspicious movement would be detected at once. Currently, on this road, such a chance wasn’t possible either. Plus, he was about to return the little loli back to Teacher Yang. The killer had no chance at all.

What separated them from meeting Teacher Yang was just this straight road....

“Hold on.... Airport?!”

A cold flash could be seen within Su Hao’s eyes. The only thing he was pretty sure he would be doing these past days was to fetch Teacher Yang from airport. And this killer, if he wanted to make a move, that would be his only chance.

But in the airport, the crowd would be a total mess. To find someone in the crowd wasn’t easy, not even mentioning an assassination.

Airport security personnel weren’t just a decoration. They were able to scan each person’s identity. Such an approach would be suicidal.

Since it wasn’t the airport, then this road was the only chance he had. Since Su Hao kept driving on the high speed lane, the killer didn’t have any chances, unless....

Su Hao’s mind jumped.

“Turn on the heat detector!”

“Received command – the heat detector is starting – the heat detector has started up.”

Su Hao connected his communication device to the car system. Looking at the screen, nothing appeared.

In front of the car, the system didn’t detect anything!

Behind, nothing was detected!

On the left, the system didn’t detect anything!

On the right, nothing appeared either!

“No way.” Su Hao frowned. This was the only opportunity for the killer to make any moves. Unless he was really dead, where else could the killer make a move if not here?

“Yeah, strange uncle, today the sun is so big yea.” The little loli looked at the sky excitedly, “A lot of white clouds drifting within the sky.”

This girl still had the heart to play around at this time.....Wait, sky?!

Su Hao was shocked. If nothing appeared in the front, back, left, and right, don’t tell me that he would make a move from above.....?

Above?

Su Hao scanned above too. No abnormality was observed except the super huge sun with its heat.

“How could it be from above......Huh?”

Su Hao had a closer look. Besides that huge red dot representing the sun, there was a tiny little red dot besides the sun. Small, but still visible.

Moreover, as time passed by, that red dot gradually became larger.

The killer, he was here!

The foe wanted to die together!

If the high-speed stealth car clashed with his car, both cars would fly to the ground on Earth, and death was a near certainty!

Su Hao slowed down his car. The foe apparently noticed the idea Su Hao had. Since his whereabout had been revealed, there was no need to hide anymore. At the back of the killer’s car, a burst of blue light ray could be seen.

Origin ability acceleration!

“Hong!”

A pair of brightly illuminating rays ejected out from behind the invisible car. As of now, the car revealed itself and its speed surged, travelling in a straight line and abruptly dashing to Su Hao’s car.

At this point, Su Hao controlled his car to descend in a straight line. Clearly, such impact from the foe’s car was beyond his surprise. Stealth vehicles usually had their acceleration removed in order to maintain stealth mode. Clearly the foe’s car had been modified.

Being attacked from top, it was actually pretty much impossible to evade anymore!

Especially with the current acceleration from the foe’s car, no matter whether Su Hao drove his car forward, backward or even descended, he would still be hit directly! Just by comparing the speed, Su Hao’s car couldn’t be compared with the foe.

In such an accelerated state, without even reaching 3 seconds, Su Hao had already been caught up to!

So, this was what the killer thought to ensure a successful assassination!

“OMG!”

“What’s that!”

“Seems like a car. Oh shit, the other car is going to get hit!”

By this time, the blue light ray from the burst of origin ability had attracted the attention of the nearby crowd. They couldn’t even help themselves to ignore that dazzling blue.

Everyone was horrified at noticing that the sudden attack was directed at one of the cars on the road. At this speed, the car was doomed to get hit!

“Murder!”

“It’s definitely a murder!”

Many people were having such ideas in their minds and quickly got out from the range of the two cars. This was no joke. The scale of this impact would surely affect many nearby vehicles.

“Damn it!”

Su Hao’s throat was a bit dry. Biting his teeth, a fiery flame appeared in his heart. You think only you dare to hit?!

Thus, within the sky, under the watch of the curious crowd, Su Hao’s car suddenly reversed. His speed was at the maximum, heading towards the stealth car from behind.

You wanna hit, come then! Let’s see who’s afraid of who!

“Hong!”

Two vehicles collided with each other at high speed, and the effect was like a dazzling firework. Such a scene attracted the full attention from everyone nearby. Within a certain range of the vehicle explosion, dozens of car pieces scattered around.

“Peng!”

A figure suddenly landed on the land. The dull sound was coupled with crack marks and two deep footprints imprinted on the land.

Su Hao, carrying the little loli, admired the beautiful fireworks on the sky.

“Beautiful right?”

“En.” The little loli quietly nodded.

Su Hao rubbed the head of little loli. He was secretly relieved that this had finally ended......

With the death of the third killer, this time all the members involved in the assassination had been completely obliterated.

Due to the connection between his communication device and the car system, Su Hao could easily control the car with his communication device.

When the foe was accelerating and heading towards his car, in such a crisis Su Hao carried the little loli and jumped off. From about 10 metres above ground, they just jumped like it was nothing. At the same time, he controlled the car to reverse at a high speed! All this was for the collision to happen further from them. If not, with the debris from explosion, they might not even have been able to escape unscathed.

“A perfect firework!”

Su Hao smiled indifferently. Then, carrying the little loli, they headed towards the airport.

A plane slowly landed from the sky.

As Yang Ziqing walked down, she saw Su Hao holding the little loli, waiting for her arrival.

“Mama!” The little loli ran towards Yang Ziqing and hugged her.

“Alright.” Yang Ziqing carried her up, “Seems like during these two days you two were able to get along. Did Brother Su Hao take care of you well?”

“Hee hee.” The little loli secretly smiled.

Yang Ziqing helplessly shook her head and looked at Su Hao, “You must have had a hard time these few days.”

“It’s nothing.”

Su Hao helped carried Teacher Yang’s luggage and followed them. At the same time, he began to tell the events that happened these past few days.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0068 You have slept with my daughter?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0068 You have slept with my daughter?

“Piao Ling Organization?”

Yang Ziqing was obviously shocked at this. It was an organization with countless killers, strange and vicious. You wouldn’t be able to catch the killer alive and no body was left when they were dead. Once in contact with the body decomposing liquid, the person would disappear into nothingness. Plus, there were cases where the liquid was used on living humans.

“Piao Ling Organization......such ruthless moves!” A killing intent flashed for a moment in Yang Ziqing’s eyes, “Since you’re working in such way, then don’t blame me for being ruthless!”

At this moment, Yang Ziqing’s whole body was full of a murderous aura. Su Hao’s mind turned cold. This murderous aura was even thicker than his. Teacher Yang.....was she really just an ordinary high school teacher?

On the way home.

Looking at the little loli that was sleeping soundly, Yang Ziqing looked at Su Hao, “Thanks.”

“No problem, this was my job after all.” Su Hao laughed, “I believe anyone who accepted this task would accomplish this.”

Yang Ziqing shook her head: “This isn’t something simple. Besides you, nobody would be that attentive. Usually when Zixi isn’t besides me, it’s hard to get her to sleep. But, looking at her face now, it seems that you two got along pretty well these past two days.”

“Well, she’s well behaved.” Su Hao said so while going against his will.

“Pu ~” Yang Ziqing instantly laughed, “It’s alright. How couldn’t I understand my own daughter?”

Su Hao laughed it off, thinking of what Teacher Yang said just now,“She usually doesn’t sleep this well?”

“Not that.” Yang Ziqing shook her head, “It’s just that she would look at who the person was. Only when with those whom she trusts would she be able to sleep well. Otherwise, she wouldn’t sleep the whole night and only take a nap at school, because at school her safety was pretty much guaranteed.”

Su Hao: “......”

Is that so?

But it seemed like every night, once the little loli was in her bed, she would be dreaming until the next morning. After all, children get tired easily and were able to sleep well easily. However, since Teacher Yang had said so, he felt something wasn’t right.

“So she trusts you.” Yang Ziqing smiled as she looked at his expression, “Don’t judge her young age. Her sense is even better than mine sometimes. When there’s a sign of trouble surrounding her, she’ll react.”

“That smart?” Su Hao exclaimed. Never had he thought that this little loli had such a feature.

“Of course.” Yang Ziqing laughed, “How did you find out about the Piao Ling Organization’s killer?”

“That time, I saw a flash from the rearview mirror......” Su Hao recalled back to the moment when Yang Ziqing suddenly broke his train thought, “That flash...could it be......”

Yang Ziqing touched the pocket of the little loli. An ultra small flashlight was brought out. It was as small as an ordinary key, just that on its body there were several switches, representing different grades of light.

“Damn!”

Su Hao’s mind was blown!

He was also wondering, with the skills of Piao Ling Organization, how could the killers reveal themselves? With an invisible car, how foolish were they to give out their position with a flash of light?

Never had he thought that the one who warned him at that time was the little loli herself! Obviously, the little loli noticed the approaching danger and she alerted Su Hao with her flashlight.

Moreover, when they were on the way to airport, when he was wary and clueless of the killer’s next step, the little loli reminded him, the sun in the sky, the floating white clouds.....

Wow!

From beginning to end, it was the little loli who reminded him!

Su Hao was shocked, “If she noticed, then why didn’t she tell me?”

“Would you believe then?” Yang Ziqing asked.

Su Hao didn’t know how to reply. True enough, if there was a cute little loli informing you that there was a killer nearby, would you believe it? A kid’s word?

Su Hao thought for a moment. If it was any other, he wouldn’t believe it, but this little loli.....

“I would believe it!” Su Hao confidently nodded, “Better be safe than never. If Zixi does warn me, I’d definitely check it.”

Yang Ziqing laughed, “That must be the reason Zixi trusts you.”

“Really........”

Su Hao murmured to himself. When he recalled, he noticed one problem. The little loli was never afraid of anything! Not even once!

Whether it was at home or at the police station, although the little loli seemed to act heartless, she was never afraid. In the interrogation room, when he was making his move, she was able to act independently and locked the room from the inside, causing the policemen outside to not be able to enter. This proved that she had a sharp intuition.

“You don’t have to think too much about it. Sometimes, her alertness is even better than mine, let alone yours.” Yang Ziqing smiled as she looked at her sleeping daughter, “This child, she has followed me when I roam around. She has seen many things and also experienced them. Seems that I‘ve made her suffer.”

Su Hao was silent.

In the end, what kind of experience had she gone through that could make a thirteen year old little loli remain calm? Killings, explosions, all the events these few days were all thrilling, yet she was able to keep calm all the time.

Was it due to her absolute trust in him, or an indifferent feeling on life and death?

Su Hao wasn’t clear.

Looking at this sleeping little loli, he suddenly had a heartache.

When he sent the little loli back home and wished farewell to Teacher Yang, Su Hao was ready to go back. However, the little loli suddenly grabbed him.

“You’re awake?” Su Hao looked at that sleepy face on the little loli.

“Strange uncle, why not you leave tomorrow instead?” The little loli looked at Su Hao with her big, moist eyes.

Su Hao bitterly smiled and looked at Yang Ziqing.

Yang Ziqing laughed: “Once you leave, it’ll be hard to predict when you two will meet again. Better appreciate the opportunity and accompany her more.”

Su Hao looked at the little loli, thinking of her numerous warnings, “Alright then!”

“Yay!”

The little loli suddenly got excited. Her sleepy and confused state seemed to disappear. Su Hao bitterly smiled; he had been cheated again.

Yang Ziqing prepared their meal. Having the honor to enjoy Teacher Yang’s cooking skills, he had to admit that.......the little loli was right. If compared, his cooking was really hard to swallow.

At night, Su Hao was in a dilemma on where to sleep. Teacher Yang looked at him indifferently, “My house only has two rooms. My room or Zixi’s room, which one are you going to choose?”

Su Hao: “......”

“Can I choose the living room’s sofa?” Su Hao weakly replied.

“So many things happened today, she must be very sad. After all, she’s just thirteen years old.”

With an emotional tone, she continued, “Such a small child, and yet she has no father to accompany her. She........”

“Alright then.” Su Hao also felt sorry about this, “I’ll go accompany her then.”

“Then I’ll have to trouble you.” Yang Ziqing said, “Remember to cover her with quilt when she’s asleep.”

After that, Yang Ziqing went straight back to her room. Su Hao suddenly regained his sense and reacted.....

Damn it!

I’ve been cheated yet again!

This mother and daughter are exactly the same, don’t you think so?!

Always cheating the same person, is that fun? Is that interesting? Su Hao didn’t ask, because he knew Yang Ziqing wouldn’t hesitate to tell him that it’s interesting.........

Walking into the little loli’s room, Su Hao didn’t feel anything as it had been his routine to throw the little loli on her bed these two days. It was just that this time, he himself voluntarily entered.

The little loli’s mental state was stable. There was no effect on her at all from the events that happened today.

However, Su Hao gave her a good talk for not informing him about the danger. The little loli curled her lip, “You, as an adult, still want to haggle with a child?”

Well, this time she’s a child.....

Accompanying the little loli, they chatted for a long time before lying on the bed to sleep.

The next morning.

Su Hao opened his eyes and saw the little loli, wearing a thin pyjamas, lying on his body. Her still under developed chest was sticking on him. Plus, she kept moving her hips unconsciously.

“Hey brat, get up. If you still shake around, I’ll kick you out!” Su Hao snappily said. Noticing that the little loli was still not awake, only then did he helplessly get her off him, before getting up from bed.

After placing the little loli’s quilt down, Su Hao went to the living room. Yang Ziqing had already prepared breakfast for them.

“Ar, you’re awake?”

“En. Teacher Yang is so early.” Su Hao laughed.

“Yea, but be honest to me. What do you think about my beloved daughter?” Yang Ziqing smiled as she looked at Su Hao.

“Zixi? Very beautiful. In high school, she’ll be among the top beauties.” Su Hao replied bluntly.

“Then.......what do you think about these two days being together with her?” Yang Ziqing’s eyes went narrow.

Only then did Su Hao notice. A burst of horror was felt in his mind. Damn, it couldn’t be. Teacher Yang still hadn’t given up on selling her daugher?

“Hmmphh hmmphhh, after enjoying your meal and wiping your mouth, you already want to leave?” Yang Ziqing looked at him coldly, “Su Hao, after all, last night you slept with my daughter!”

Starting off the week with double chapter release. Hmm, this little loli is no ordinary loli....

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0069 Taking part in an dishonest deal
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0069 Taking part in an dishonest deal

“You slept with my daughter last night!”

Yang Ziqing’s sturdy voice echoed within the living room. Hearing this, Su Hao began to have cold sweat on his back.

Sleep, what shit...... He didn’t even dare to take off his clothes and only slept at the side of bed. He only considered the little loli like his own sister. Plus, the little loli was so much younger than his own sister, a kid would be a better term for her.

Being lectured by Yang Ziqing, Su Hao completely shut his mouth.

Not because of respecting his elders as a younger generation but..........to talk back to someone who had been his classroom teacher for two years, wasn’t that just looking for trouble?

Eventually, the little loli woke up. After the three of them finished their meal, Su Hao was ready to depart.

“Hey, Su Hao.” The soft voice of the little loli could be heard.

Su Hao snappily pinched on her little face, “Little brat, you think Su Hao is a name you use to call me?”

“Hmm, stop pinching other people’s faces.” The little loli brushed off Su Hao’s hand, “You’re going to take the admission exam for Zhanzheng College?”

“En, yea.” Su Hao nodded.

“Then when you’re in Zhanzheng College, you must quickly find a girlfriend.” The little loli replied.

“Why so?” Su Hao asked curiously.

“Because when I’m admitted into Zhanzheng College, I will use what’s left in the book if you still don’t have a girlfriend.” The little loli smiled sinisterly.

“Little brat! Don’t mess with me!” Su Hao stared at her. “Rest assured, I’m going to have a girlfriend very soon.”

“Ceh!” The little loli curled her lip, “Talking to a little girl about girlfriend matter, so thick faced.”

Su Hao: “.........”

Damn it!

Obviously it was you who said it first!

This time, you’re a small kid?

Facing with the little loli’s messed up logic, Su Hao once again lost. Leaving the residence of the Yang family, Su Hao laughed out loud.

The little loli, she seemed to believe that Su Hao would definitely enter Zhanzheng College.

“Even the little loli is that confident in me, I can’t disappoint people.” Su Hao smiled, he mustn’t let himself become a joke to her. That brat, not fully integrating with her origin ability and yet already having a different kind of talent. This girl, her future would be limitless.

At this point, it seemed that Teacher Yang had already submitted the completion of the task to the authority. His first task was finally done!

“Ding~‘

The task interface on communication device refreshed. A line of messages once again popped out.

“Two star mission: Private bodyguard completed. Obtained 300 task points.”

“Congratulation for completing your first task. Your next task, on October 1st, is around the corner. The battle of glory with repeaters; student, are you ready for it?”

Looking at the list of task, the battle of glory was pinned at the highest on the list.

Su Hao could only helplessly shake his head. 500 task points, that was a huge amount. To get that in a short amount of time was wishful thinking. After completing his first task, Su Hao as of now didn’t accept the second task.

To reach 3000 task points, he was only 300 points behind!

At this point, he had collected an enormous amount of 2700 task points! If he completed about two more tasks, he would reach his target. It was just that, this time, there was no emergency task available to accept. The current tasks listed were not up to his satisfaction.

The task which awarded 300 points mostly had long durations. They would usually require 10 days, or up to half a month, something Su Hao absolutely couldn’t afford to spend.

As for those faster tasks, usually lasting within a week, the task points reward was only a little over 100.

In fact, such tasks weren’t high risk. However, a lot of students would compete for them. In just a few minutes, those tasks had disappeared from the list.

Although emergency tasks were rewarding, the risk was also high.

For example, this time.......if he was being careless for a moment, Su Hao would have been a dead body by now. Piao Ling Organization’s killers, even if they weren’t strong combat wise, they still managed to come up with all kind of strange assassination methods.

Thus, these 300 points seemed few, but to collect 300 points a huge period of time was required! Plus the fact that you had to spend time participating in school affairs, the progress of the tasks would be slow like a snail.

Also, a task suitable to oneself was very important.

“Well, why not take this opportunity to complete my origin ability transition technique.”

Su Hao’s mind moved. Via these few days of constant hard work in training his origin ability transition technique, he had now reached 30% progress. Even with advanced origin ability cultivation method running, the consumption rate was extremely scary.

“70% more to go. This is too slow! I’m not even sure that I’ll be able to complete it by October’s battle of glory. I need to speed up!”

His card reading skill was the source of his origin ability energy consumption. To speed up the progress was pretty simple: keep restoring his fuel tank. Origin ability restoration drug would be the first choice. The first man who popped up in his mind: Berserk master Zhang Zhongtian!

“Master, long time no see!”

In the pharmacy, Su Hao smilingly looked at the busy as ever Zhang Zhongtian.

Zhang Zhongtian looked back and suddenly frowned, “Again, it’s you, kid.”

“Hehe, it’s me again. How’re you these days?” Su Hao laughed it off, but in his heart he was secretly cursing. I thought you had bad memory? Damn you! During their first meeting, he managed to get it cheap due to his so called ‘bad memory’. As for the second time, Su Hao had lost in the deal due to him remembering Su Hao.

A businessman always wanted to get a profit!

If not for the words of Teacher Yang, Su Hao would still thought that this old man was just a random master drug maker who would go for endless, sleepless nights and didn’t understand communication.

“Do you have business?” said Zhang Zhongtian with a black face. It seemed that he still kept it in his heart when Su Hao cheated him off a bottle of black market strengthening drug last time.

“En, of course. This time, I want to make a deal with you.” Su Hao casually replied.

“Stop beating around the bush, I’m busy here.” Zhang Zhongtian impatiently said.

Su Hao didn’t mind at all. He continued to slowly say, “The one you created, beginner body strengthening drug, in addition to the sure 50 points addition to physical fitness, how much is the upper limit that the side effect gives?”

Zhang Zhongtian stopped doing what he was handling with his hands, “What do you mean by that?”

Su Hao mysteriously smiled and kept fishing for his interest, “If you tell me, I’ll give you a pleasant surprise.”

Zhang Zhongtian hesitated for a moment before replied, “100 points! I remember that there was one little brat who consumed it and then it was extremely harsh on his body. Due to his lack of money for intermediate body strengthening drug, the side effect gave him a surprising increase, directly to 100 points in increment! His originally 100 points in physical fitness sky rocketted to 250 points including the confirmed 50 points, saving the money to get intermediate body strengthening drug! This should be the largest record so far!”

The effect of intermediate body strengthening drug usually would add up to the range of 200 to 250 points. Being able to reach the range of 200 points at once, naturally you would save 8 million star dollars on intermediate body strengthening drug.

Such a record was enough to make a name for black market strengthening drug!

As long as you were willing to be extreme harsh to yourself, a bottle of black market beginner body strengthening drug was comparable to both ordinary beginner and intermediate body strengthening drug combined!

As long as you spent 3 million star dollars, you would be able to enjoy the benefit of nearly 10 million star dollars. That was the reason black market strengthening drug was so famous.

“Brat, did you break that limit? That time when you used it, how many points did you manage to rake up?” Zhang Zhongtian emotionally asked. If there was a living case which managed to break this limit, then his research could move one step further.

Su Hao laughed, “100 points!”

“Owh, I knew it. It’s not easy to break that limit.” Zhang Zhongtian replied with disdain, “100 points are indeed high, but you’re not as good as that little brat.”

“Really?” Su Hao smiled, “What I broke through was from 200 to 300 points.”

“That’s still 100 points.......what?!” Zhang Zhongtian was shocked as he said halfway through, “You broke through from 200 to 300 points?”

The same 100 points! But different starting points had different representations.

After 200 points, the effect of beginner body strengthening drug would be extremely hard to gain. Even with intermediate and advanced drugs, you could only upgrade 50 points at once.

As for Su Hao, he used the effect of beginner body strengthening drug and completed both the effect of intermediate and advanced body strengthening drug at once.

What he saved was not 10 million, but 40 million!

Intermediate body strengthening drug costs about 8 million, as for advanced, it costs 30 million. The effect from them both could be achieved with just one bottle of beginner body strengthening drug.

Zhang Zhongtian was now imagining how crazy it would be. Once this matter was confirmed to be true, it would be more than enough to shake the world of pharmacy. And the price of black market body strengthening drug would once again skyrocket!

This meant more star dollar! More resources! Better environment! More advanced equipment!

Zhang Zhongtian seemed to be able to imagine all these in his mind right now.

“How did you manage to achieve it?” Zhang Zhongtian excitedly asked.

Su Hao laughed without uttering a word.

Only then did Zhang Zhongtian calm down. Like what Su Hao had mentioned earlier on, a deal! Yea, this was a deal. How could Su Hao tell him so easily?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0070 Little fox confronting old fox
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0070 Little fox confronting old fox

“This is something which would contribute to mankind!”

Zhang Zhongtian began to get excited again, “Once black market body strengthening drug enters the large scale production and is able to upgrade to 300 points from the injury effect, this would definitely be the turning point in the history of mankind! Human physical fitness would increase by leaps and bounds and the amount of lives which would be saved would be enormous! This is definitely a great contribution worthy of a place in history. Such a contribution, yet you want to measure it with money?!”

Su Hao looked at his exciting act and casually asked, “So this thing is that precious?”

“Of course. Young man, tell me about it.” Zhang Zhongtian continued in a serious tone, “For the future of mankind, so that humans would be able to survive under the attack of berserk beasts!”

“Well, if it’s that precious.......” Su Hao pondered for a moment.

Zhang Zhongtian secretly glanced at Su Hao while his heart was thinking that a newbie student was just a newbie student. Just adding a bait of societal contribution and he was already being fooled. Such patriotism, good then.

After Su Hao finished pondering, he answered, “Since it’s so precious.......then I have decided to increase the price.”

“What?” Zhang Zhongtian was stunned on the spot.

“I originally intended to sell it for 1 million star dollar, but never had I thought that it was so precious. Seems that I can sell it at higher price, 10 million, 50 million? It could be even more than that. This is perfect!” Su Hao exclaimed and then, with a relieved tone, continued, “Fortunately, you reminded me, I nearly sold it cheap.”

Zhang Zhongtian was still in his stunned mode.

In other words, Su Hao, who originally wanted to sell it to him for 1 million star dollar, decided to sell it at a higher price after being swayed by him?

Damn it!

Zhang Zhongtian immediately regretted his decision. 1 million was nothing to him, just one bottle of black market body strengthening drug would earn him 3 million. Forget about 3 million, even 10 million he was willing to pay! However, looking at Su Hao’s current excitement, perhaps even 50 million wasn’t enough for Su Hao to share his secret.

Damn his itchy mouth!

Zhang Zhongtian slapped his face with his full force, which then woke him up. No, this wasn’t right!

This kid was tricking him!

Zhang Zhongtian instantly understood. Last time he had been tricked by this kid and this time he wanted 1 million? Last time, that few fangs Su Hao brought had increased in price from 500,000 to 3 million! Selling it for 1 million, he would never do so. He was just testing the water to know Zhang Zhongtian’s psychological price on this matter. Yet, he said it carelessly.

Priceless!

This thing to his heart is priceless!

Such a devious little fox, Zhang Zhongtian cursed, “Damn brat, stop pretending. Just say it, what do you want? As long as I have it here, feel free to take it.”

Zhang Zhongtian gave up. He had already exposed his psychological price and could only let Su Hao suggest his offer now.

“Really?”

Su Hao expressionlessly looked around the store, though his heart was currently super excited. At first, he only planned to get some recovery drugs, and if given the opportunity he would grab a bottle of intermediate body strengthening drug as well. Unexpectedly, Zhang Zhongtian actually valued his method so highly.

If this was the case, then he wouldn’t show reserve. Su Hao’s plan had quietly changed in his heart.

In the small pharmacy store, numerous precious drugs were put on display.

The beginner black market body strengthening drug, which was worth 3 million, Su Hao saw at least 30 bottles of. Adding them together, the sales would be near 100 million!

Zhang Zhongtian was so rich! Even if the principal cost was 1 million per bottle, he could still earn 2 million. Once he sold off these bottles, he would easily pocket himself 60 million. This was madness!

Without a doubt, Su Hao was confident that even if he was to ask for dozens of body strengthening drugs, Zhang Zhongtian would definitely give them to him.

This time, he had picked a treasure. No, it would be more accurate to say that he had gambled with his life to get this once in a lifetime opportunity. Thus, this chance, he would use it to the fullest.

“Just say, what do you want?” Zhang Zhongtian pushed his old spectacles and calmly said so as if he didn’t put this matter into his heart at all.

Su Hao smiled indifferently, “1 million star dollar!”

“What?”

Zhang Zhongtian thought that he had heard it wrong. 1 million star dollar, Su Hao really opened the price at 1 million star dollar? He had even prepared to spend lots of money, at least 100 million. But Su Hao was just asking for 1 million. Something wasn’t right here.

“Just like that?” Zhang Zhongtian unbelievably asked.

“No matter what, I, Su Hao, am still a good student. For the future of mankind and their progress, what’s wrong with it?” Su Hao laughed it off.

Zhang Zhongtian also followed the laughter. Listening to Su Hao mentioning contributing to society, who would believe that?!

He would rather believe that a pig could climb a tree than believe Su Hao to be such a selfless person. Of course, some kind of mutated pig in this world would be able to climb a tree.......

“Alright.”

Seeing that Zhang Zhongtian wasn’t fooled, Su Hao said with a smile, “1 million star dollar with a condition.”

“Say!” Zhang Zhongtian efficiently replied.

“I want to learn how to make drugs!” Su Hao casually replied.

Zhang Zhongtian was caught in surprise. Raising his head to look at Su Hao, he instantly understood Su Hao’s intention. This brat.........

Yes!

This was Su Hao’s true aim!

More than 100 million star dollars?

That’s a lot!

But then so what? A bottle of fighting essence drug costing tens of millions, that was just the market price! A bottle of advanced body strengthening drug with at least 30 million worth, that was again the market price!

Su Hao absolutely wouldn’t be interested in that!

Instead of granting people a fish, why not granting oneself the skill to fish? What Su Hao was aiming for was a true mean of livelihood. and pharmacy was one of the hottest professions without doubt. Not to mention that Zhang Zhongtian was arguably one of the best masters in this field.

As long as he was able to master pharmacy, later he could earn as much money as he wanted. Market price?

It doesn’t matter. The drug I make would be also the same as market price. If you want the drug from me, you will need to have equivalent value to exchange with!

Zhang Zhongtian coldly stared at him, “Little brat, you think I will agree? There are all kinds of drug in the black market, but to have such effect, only I can do it. If you are to leak it, then the value of my drug would be zero!”

“No no!”

Su Hao laughed, “It absolutely wouldn’t be zero, if I pay a visit to Pharmacy Association and share the method with them. Using my method and then being able to lessen the pain, a new drug would be born. At that time, I’m afraid that the berserk master’s drugs would disappear in the eyes of the world.”

Zhang Zhongtian’s pupil shrunk.

What Su Hao said was true!

Berserk doesn’t mean it was good. The one and only representative of success in the drugs made by Zhang Zhongtian was the body strengthening drug. That drug was expensive, but the others?

Those were failed products!

For example, berserk beginner origin ability restoration drug, it was only worth 8,000 star dollar in the market. As it was such an ordinary drug, it costs 10,000 star dollar. This was the difference between these two drugs.

The same situation happened in countless drugs he had created.

Failed products!

Countless failures!

If he really was able to complete every research, the Pharmacy Association would definitely not have kicked him out. It was because he had too many failures, but was crazily addicted to such research, that he was then removed from his position.

The only one that led to his fame was none other than the berserk body strengthening drug. If such a thing was to disappear and be replaced by the Pharmacy Association, then his stage would completely disappear.

Zhang Zhongtian was silent for a moment before slowly opening his heavy mouth, “Pharmacy isn’t something easy to learn. Beginner, intermediate, advanced.....every step needs a long period of time. To reach what I am now, you would need to study at least 10 years! Are you sure you wanna learn?”

“I want to learn!” Su Hao answered decisively.

“Alright! From now, I will pass you the knowledge of beginner drug making. These few days, just stay here and learn. If you have any question, you can just come here and ask me anytime,” Zhang Zhongtian said to him.

“Thanks!” Su Hao sincerely replied.

Zhang Zhongtian was completely helpless from the start. This kid was very cunning when it was the right time to be so. Yet, he was sincere too.

“Alright then, now you should tell me the method.”

“Alright!”

Su Hao smiled and then said, “Do you still remember those dozens of origin ability restoration drug that I took from here?”

“En, yea. Why?” Zhang Zhongtian strangely asked.

“Those drugs have a side effect.” Su Hao reminded.

“Side effect.......” Zhang Zhongtian pondered for a moment before his eyes shone, “You’re saying to superimpose the side effect of the origin ability restoration drug with the body strengthening drug?!”

“You’re right!” Su Hao nodded.

“Superimpose.........impossible, I did the same experiment. Beginner origin ability restoration drug indeed would bring some harm to the body, but such an effect wasn’t permanent. As long as you take a few days of rest, you would recover.” Zhang Zhongtian frowned, “At that time, when I was experimenting with it, the effect of body strengthening drug was almost minimal.”

I am searching for a permanent editor to join my team. Your main job would be focusing on my other project, HacKer. If you’re interested, do drop me a message in our discord channel.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0071 The mighty bookworm
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0071 The mighty bookworm

Rich man!

Tycoon!

Such words once again popped out within Su Hao’s mind. Just a casual experiment would cost 3 million. He finally knew that Zhang Zhongtian earned lots of profits from his sales. As for why he was still stuck in this little store, it was most likely due to his enormous research funding expenditures. Without support from the Pharmacy Association, now he could only depend on his profits from sales.

“Of course a single bottle wouldn’t have any effect.” Su Hao continued, “But....two bottles, three, or even dozens of bottles? Body damage isn’t as simple as just one plus one! Previously, when I was tempering my body, every session would inflict some minor damage to my body. However, one day, it went haywire and I was nearly dead. When I was rescued later, I suddenly thought of this method.”

“When the same damage accumulated to a certain extent, it would bring a terrible change that would harm the overall state of body. As the recovery drug treats the body as a whole, when body strengthening drug is consumed, the outbreak effect would be extremely terrifying!”

Zhang Zhongtian’s eyes were getting brighter as each second passed by.

As Su Hao finished his sentence, he knew that he had accidentally missed out his precious wealth.

Regret?

No, he won’t! In this field of pharmacy, such cases were a norm in experiments. Accidentally, you might miss out the answer. Sometimes, you might also find an answer accidentally. Many times, experiments were just one step away from success.

That time, when he created berserk drugs, it was all by accident too, right?

“So that’s it!”

Zhang Zhongtian excitedly said. Su Hao just reminded him for a bit and then, all sorts of information was flowing in his mind. After all, his experience was much higher than Su Hao’s.

At this moment, what was in his mind was more than Su Hao’s.

Combining the effect of beginner origin ability recovery drug with black market body strengthening drug!

Experiment, countless experiments. How many bottles were needed in order to bring the best effect out, but at the same time not harm any life?

Add pain loss drug and people’s bodies wouldn’t be experiencing such pain!

Add coma drug and he could make the consumer completely unconscious for the whole day!

For these four kind of drugs to fuse together perfectly, each and every one of them needed countless experiments to be carried out.

When all these experiments were done, a new drug would be born in this world. That time......when you consume it, you will lose feeling in pain receptors, faint for the whole day, and when you wake up the next day your body would be super strong. This was comparable to advanced body strengthening drug!

This was definitely a milestone achievement!

Such an achievement in world of pharmacy, Zhang Zhongtian would no longer be the so called mad berserk master who created berserk drugs.

At that time, he would be a real true master!

The real fame for making a great contribution to mankind!

Zhang Zhongtian was so excited that he was about to start his experiment, but too bad, Su Hao was still standing beside him, “Master Zhang, shouldn’t you teach me beginner drug making first?”

“O, yea.” Zhang Zhongtian patted his head, “The materials for pain loss drug and coma drug are no longer available. Even if they were ready, I still can’t start my experiments. It seems I will have to start with the two other drugs first. The ones I make and those from the government are different though. I should consider from both perspectives.”

“Su Hao, just wait for a moment.”

Zhang Zhongtian anxiously made several calls and released a series of tasks for material collection.

Everything was ready, what was left were the materials.

As long as the materials arrived in a few days, he could start his experiments.

Su Hao stared at the mad Zhang Zhongtian blankly. With his continuous calls and request for different kinds of materials and drugs, he naturally knew that Zhang Zhongtian must’ve had countless ideas to work with.

As for Su Hao’s himself.....

He could only use two drugs together and the risk he was taking was extremely high. If he wasn’t careful for a bit, his life would be gone. Yet, Zhang Zhongtian had come up with countless of solutions for this.

This was indeed a dignified pharmacy master!

“Master Zhang, are you done?” Su Hao asked.

“En.” Zhang Zhongtian took a deep breath. His mind seemed to be pleasant, “Well it will take a few days for materials to arrive. Meanwhile, I’ll teach you then about beginner drug making.”

“En, I will have to trouble you.” Su Hao said.

Although Zhang Zhongtian would teach him about pharmacy, both were just in a business relationship. To call that mentoring, wasn’t exactly right. At most, they were more like a little fox and an old fox.....

“Alright, the first thing to do in pharmacy is mastery of foundations in pharmacy. Before you start experimenting, you must first master the basics. Although this knowledge seems useless, each one of them will provide you inspiration in future.” Zhang Zhongtian casually said as he was finding a book on the shelves.

“Peng!”

A book which was comparable to the thickness of Cihai’s 16k book was slammed on the table, making a dull sound, “Your first task is to read finish this book.”

Zhang Zhongtian smiled sinisterly, “The materials in pharmacy are mostly herbs, for each herb, their temperature and rarity must be remembered.”

On the table, the thick book really was titled ‘Herbs.’

This was no ordinary textbook with only few dozen pages containing general information, but a complete version which introduced all characteristics of each herb in detail. This book was the nightmare for every student in the pharmacy field.........because it really was too thick!

The worst part was that the words were all so tiny, even the pictures were small too.

In the eyes of students, in this era when virtual screens were the norm, this monstrous book that still survived in this era was a sin in itself. Even high school lessons were taught via virtual screens, making the learning environment more fun. Wasn’t this book a hindrance to the development of science instead?

No matter what or how they hated this book, they still had to read it!

To be a master pharmacist, you needed to hone your patience. Without patience, how were you qualified to be a pharmacist? What about spending time doing boring experiments?

Although there were such reasons, most of them were in doubt whether the mentors spent all the government funding for data entry on experiments and came up with such reasons.

No matter what, in the end.......this book had become the nightmare for every student out there.

Zhang Zhongtian took this book out as a little revenge on Su Hao, but he forgot to consider something......Su Hao’s identity......

Su Hao glanced at the book for a moment and then took back his sight, “This book, I have finished reading it.”

“What?”

Zhang Zhongtian was dumbfounded.

“Yea, a total of 6286 pages. About 12,800 herbs are recorded in the book. Also, some of those are mutated herbs.” Su Hao casually replied.

Zhang Zhongtian turned at the last page and sure enough, 6286/6286 was written there.

Zhang Zhongtian was shocked. Even as a pharmacist he admitted that this book would be useful, but the pain from when he was reading the book for the first time was still fresh in his memory.....

And Su Hao, a total newbie in pharmacy, had seen this book before?

“You.....have intended to learn pharmacy a long time ago?” Zhang Zhongtian asked..

“Nope.” Su Hao smiled indifferently, “However, my theoretical basis is 190 points.”

“190 points........”

Zhang Zhongtian kept silent. This little fox was a bookworm? Even he had finished reading this book. How boring was his school life?

As for Zhang Zhongtian’s expression, Su Hao could only shrug his shoulder.

During his first and second year in high school, his talent could no longer grow. His fighting skill also didn’t show improvement. Even his physical fitness was progressing at a slow pace. All his time was spent on theoretical basis.

He would crazily read almost every book that could be used to increase his score.

Those years, they were destined to be boring and suffering.

However, Su Hao survived, and now, unexpectedly the so called suffering had became his asset today.

Zhang Zhongtian wasn’t convinced enough and took a out a few books out from the shelves.

‘Comprehensive collection of pharmacy’, ‘Trio laws of experiment’, ‘Guide of herb breeding’, and so on, countless books related to pharmacy. Unfortunately, Su Hao had read them all!

He had spent much of his times in the school laboratory. Almost every day he would pay a visit there. How could he still not understand about herbs?

“Young man, don’t think that you know a lot of things. The road you’re taking still has a long way to go!”

Zhang Zhongtian was mad and once again threw out a book, “This book, have you read it?”

I have managed to get my editor ?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0072 The younger times of Master Zhang
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0072 The younger times of Master Zhang

“Have you read this book before?”

Su Hao looked down, ‘Experimental notes’.

Such a strange name. Su Hao opened the book and had a quick peek. He really hadn’t read the contents before. Shaking his head, “This book, I haven’t read it before.”

“Good, then go back and memorize the content. When you are done with it, come find me here again.” Zhang Zhongtian seemed to be proud. He had finally found a book that Su Hao hadn’t read yet.

“Alright! I will come back in a few days.”

It was just that, when he was exiting the store, a smile could be seen on his face.

In the store, Zhang Zhongtian, who was proud just a minute ago, turned grim as if he had thought of something bad.

“Big loss.......it’s a big loss...”

Zhang Zhongtian’s mouth was mumbling this as only now did he realize what book he threw at Su Hao.

Why hadn’t Su Hao read it yet?

Because the book was written by Zhang Zhongtian himself! The content described all his accumulated experiences: extremely valuable wealth! After he finished writing this book, he didn’t publish it to the public. Instead, it was kept as commemorative.

Just now he was even proud that Su Hao hadn’t read this book before, but the book itself was the wealth of his life!

“That cunning little fox......this old man was fooled again.....”

Mournful screams could be heard echoing in the store. A few customers who were visiting the store, wanting to buy drugs, were instantly scared away after hearing those creepy voices.

As for that cunning little fox, who was still being cursed by Zhang Zhongtian, this time he happily went back home.

Regarding theoretical basis, he was never afraid of anyone!

Although he had never delved into pharmacy, due to him wanting to understand more about herbs’ characteristics, he even dared to keep visiting herb farms for two years. Thus, for mastery in theoretical basis, Su Hao could be said to be second to none.

When he saw the book that he was holding, at that very moment, he already understood. Because the contents in the book had too many assumption and private opinions, the Pharmacy Association would definitely not approve such a book to be published. Thus, there was only one possibility: Zhang Zhongtian himself wrote this.

It was just the first day and he had already obtained the valuable experimental notes from a pharmacy master. Su Hao was satisfied.

Upon reaching home, Su Ling was shocked when she saw Su Hao come back.

After dinner, Su Hao checked Su Ling’s mastery progress in advanced fighting techniques. Her progress was quick. In just a few days time she had already mastered quite a number of techniques. If she is to maintain such progress, within a month she would be able to master advanced fighting techniques completely!

Absolute genius!

This talent was so much better than his own many times over.

If not for his origin ability mutation, Su Hao could only look up at his sister’s strength. However, now.......he was still able to keep his face as big brother.

In the training room.

Su Hao demonstrated the rest of moves to Su Ling so that her mastery improved, before letting her practice on her own. In fact, Su Ling was the one who was reassuring. Without even reminding her, she would spend more efforts than anyone else.

At this moment, Su Hao gradually flipped the notes in his hand. A new world appeared in front of his eyes, pharmacy!

What was pharmacy?

Before the era of origin ability, the position of the pharmacy field was pretty simple. The book clearly wrote: ‘Pharmacy is the study of drug preparation theory, production technology, as well as quality control. The basic aim is to study the appropriate dosage of drug to be administered and ensure the quality meets the needs of medical and healthcare.’

But now?

With the extreme progress in origin ability development, it had long evolved. The originally normal drugs that emphasized more on health had now changed to be applicable to any aspect.

Saving lives, energy restoration, body enhancement, cultivation assistance, killing, combat, and many other aspects. As long as you could think of it, there was nothing pharmacy couldn’t do!

Because of this, pharmacist had become a hot profession in the era of origin ability.

Opening the first page of ‘Experimental Notes’.

Su Hao was shocked to find that the date record on this page went back to ten years ago. That was the first time Zhang Zhongtian began his experiment. The details were thoroughly written.

—————————–

Experiment title : Beginner origin ability energy restoration drug production

Experiment material : 1 star grass, 10 almond grasses, 5 mannose grasses, origin ability fermentation drug, appropriate amount of distilled water.

Experiment difficulty : Beginner

Observer : Zhang Zhongtian

Experiment content : Mix star grass, almond grasses and mannose grasses together and finally under the influence of origin ability fermentation drug, beginner origin ability energy restoration drug is born.

Experiment result : Fail. The reason is because with the mixture ratio of 1:1, when the mixture of three grasses is made, under influence of origin ability fermentation, it ended in an outbreak.

Experiment summary: Experiment materials used must be strictly in accordance to the exact number required.

————————————–

“Pu~”

Su Hao laughed on the spot after he finished reading it. Zhang Zhongtian, that master had also experienced such funny moments? It was common sense to use the exact ratio needed for materials in experiments.

But looking further down, Su Hao’s expression turned grave.

The second experiment, temperature was not high enough. Failure.

The third experiment, too much distilled water caused another failure.

The fourth experiment, mannose grass was exposed to air for a long time causing mutation to occur, leading to another failure.

.....

The 25th experiment, too much origin ability fermentation drug was inserted, once again leading to explosion.

.....

Finally, in his 30th experiment, Zhang Zhongtian’s very first drug was successfully produced. What surprised Su Hao was that all these experiments happened during his first day!

In one day’s time, he carried out 30 experiments. Almost all the trials ended in failure and worse, caused explosions several times. Although the scale wouldn’t be that large, Zhang Zhongtian had suffered some burns and damage from them for sure. To continue in such condition, he must be one persistent man.

Su Hao suddenly felt that perhaps a decade ago, Zhang Zhongtian was already destined to become a pharmacy master.

In this one experimental report, there were errors everywhere. Almost every mistake that normal students would made, Zhang Zhongtian had basically encountered them all. It was clear that Zhang Zhongtian’s pharmacy foundation at that time wasn’t very solid.

Su Hao who at first read this as a joke began to get serious. From all the errors recorded, he, as a beginner, would learn even more.

“Strange, such procedures, wouldn’t using measuring instruments to do the work be much more accurate?” Su Hao was doubtful.

Regarding how much distilled water and origin ability fermentation drug was to be inserted into the mixture, a measuring instrument would be able to accurately measure them up to ten decimal points.

How simple this was.

Why would there be any error?

Zhang Zhongtian should have been using such instrument to measure the distilled water. With current instruments, if you wanted 100ml, you definitely wouldn’t be able to find an additional 0.01ml in it.

However, when Su Hao read the report once again, he seemed to understand more of the situation, “Is it due to inconsistent mixture of those three grasses that the amount of distilled water and fermentation drug need to be adjusted? So, the amount of distilled water and fermentation drug are not fixed every time.”

So that’s how it was!

Su Hao understood!

For experiments involving chemicals, he could use the exact amount of 200 grams of potassium iodide, 200 grams of sodium chloride and so on. As long as the chemical material matched with the formula, the final product would be completed.

But.....these wildly grown herbs?

Star grass, mannose grass, and almond grass, and even others, the consistency for each was different.

If every human can be different from each other, why couldn’t star grass? Due to various external factors, the characteristics of each star grass would slightly differ from each other. Thus, this was the point which needed to be noted during experiment.

Not forgetting the fermentation process of origin ability.

It was said that a skillful pharmacist could judge accurately the nutritional value for each grass. This was something a measuring instrument would never achieve, but human judgement alone.

He continued reading the report carefully.

Today, Su Hao’s theoretical basis was incomparable to Zhang Zhongtian 10 years ago. Thus, Su Hao could easily point out mistakes in many area. As for those he couldn’t find, he would analyze it based on the situation of the experiment and then compare it with the report written.

Unfortunately, only written reports were available. Otherwise, with video recordings, Su Hao would be able to grasp it more thoroughly.

This was just the first experimental report, yet Su Hao’s eyes were already opened to a whole new world.

Su Hao once again glanced through a few pages from behind, decisively giving up his idea.

The second report was dated three months later. This meant that Zhang Zhongtian had practiced making beginner origin ability restoration drug for a whole three months. Only when he was confident in this did he decide to challenge a drug with more difficulty.

Su Hao glanced for a bit: a mixture of 5 herbs....

From three to five, the difficulty had been increased by several times! For every additional herb added, more variables would be introduced that needed to be considered.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0073 Making for the first time
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0073 Making for the first time

“Let’s learn the first one first. After I’ve mastered it, then I’ll resume my study.”

Su Hao was looking at the report the whole night. The record of the thirty experiment trials, from those lines of words, he imagined the current scene at that time. He took note of every error until late at night, when he slept.

The next day, early in the morning, Su Hao went to the small pharmacy store.

What made him surprised was that Zhang Zhongtian, who was always seen busy making drugs, was now at the door of his store – sunbathing!

Lying on a rocking chair, he squinted his eyes while enjoying the fan.

“Hey Su Hao, you’re here.” Zhang Zhongtian leisurely said, “Yesterday’s reports, have you finished reading them all?”

Su Hao shook his head, “No.”

“Oh?” Zhang Zhongtian was obviously a little surprised, “I thought you were a bookworm. With your theoretical basis, finishing reading the experimental notes should be an easy task. Don’t tell me you’re slacking off?”

“Not enough time.”

“Not enough time?” Zhang Zhongtian’s face changed slightly. He somehow became unhappy.

A notebook, you can’t finish it in a night? With Su Hao’s theoretical basis, a few hours should do the job.

Although him passing the pharmacy knowledge to Su Hao was all because of the deal, in his heart, who didn’t want to have a capable disciple to inherit their skills? Otherwise, how could he have easily brought out his beloved notes? But this kid had already been slacking off on his very first day, this was too unreasonable!

Looking at Zhang Zhongtian’s face, Su Hao smiled, “From the second report onwards, all the stuff left behind weren’t something that I could participate in yet. Using five herbs is already out of my capability, even if I look at them, it will be useless. As for the first report, though it doesn’t look to be much, but to analyse it, a large amount of time is needed. One night is definitely not enough!”

“En? Analysis?” A flash of light could be seen in Zhang Zhongtian’s eyes.

Su Hao had already started analysing the report himself? This was really out of his expectations. After all, reading and analysis are on completely different levels.

The three rules of experiment – Read! Analyse! Practice!

Read, read all the relevant information.

Analyse, analyse all possibilities based on information and formulas.

Practice, personally carry out experiment.

Last time, he read a week’s worth information before beginning to slowly analysing. Su Hao, in just a night, had already jumped from reading to analysing?

However, thinking of Su Hao’s abnormal theoretical basis of 190 points, Zhang Zhongtian had to reluctantly understand this. Plus, for a person who had read all information about herbs, to skip this stage was pretty normal.

“Then, how is your analysis?” Zhang Zhongtian was looking forward on his answer.

Su Hao laughed, “I still feel alright. Quite a progress there. Your experiment experiences are so rich that almost all possible errors are recorded here.”

“Urgg! Urgg!”

Zhang Zhongtian embarrassedly coughed. Looking at Su Hao who was now brimming in confidence, “Then, you wanna try it?”

“Can I?”

Su Hao’s eyes brightened.

“Of course, here I have literally every apparatus for experiment.” Zhang Zhongtian leisurely continued, “But.....any apparatus and materials lost in experiment, you will have to take responsibility for them.”

“No problem!”

Su Hao immediately agreed.

His initial plan was to buy own apparatus for experiment, but Zhang Zhongtian agreed to let him carry out his experiment here. This was too exciting!

About this place, in the whole Jianghe City, perhaps the only place comparable to this would be the laboratory of the Pharmacist Association.

“Alright, follow me then.”

Said Zhang Zhongtian, with a smile like a cunning fox. Boy, you want to challenge me? 100 years to early!

Doing experiments by oneself, you think it’s that easy?

The first time he had experimented, he needed to prepare for a full month! In a month’s time, he had prepared and memorized every little detail about origin ability recovery drug. After reviewing them non stop and analysing, what was finally the outcome?

Twenty nine consecutive failures! When his fighting spirit was about to wear off, he was lucky that he finally able to succeed once.

And Su Hao?

Although Su Hao had seen the record, he himself did the same thing, reviewing senior’s notes before starting his first experiment. Wasn’t this the same step they were both taking?

He was eager to see Su Hao’s failure.

Well, it would be the best if Su Hao was to fail a few times and then lose his confidence, so he wouldn’t forever won’t bug Zhang Zhongtian anymore. That was playing in Zhang Zhongtian’s mind, albeit his face was smiling as he brought Su Hao into the laboratory downstairs.

Countless of flickering virtual screen with virtual moving images.

As Su Hao walked down from the pharmacy store, he felt like he was entering into a whole new world of science fantasy. It was a completely different vibe from before. With countless advanced equipments and instruments for accurate quantum measurement, this was Zhang Zhongtian’s laboratory.

“There are still some materials for beginner origin ability recovery drug there.” Zhang Zhongtian generally explained the position of the materials placed, as well as the steps for using the apparatus.

“When the origin ability is fermenting, remember to activate the vacuum cover. Even if an explosion is to occur, it won’t cause any damage to you.” Zhang Zhongtian reminded.

“En, noted.” Su Hao nodded, carefully listened.

“I think that’s about it. If you’re ready, then you can start.” Zhang Zhongtian said with a smile before left the laboratory.

If someone was to stand beside him, Su Hao would naturally be more nervous. This was the reason most pharmacist hated anyone standing beside them during experiments. He had a deep experience with this, that was why he quickly left the laboratory.

But then......his own laboratory, wouldn’t there be a camera?

After leisurely carrying over his rocking chair, Zhang Zhongtian activated a virtual screen. The scene of his laboratory popped out.

Su Hao took a deep breath.

His first time doing experiments. It would be a lie to say he wasn’t nervous. However, since he had done a detailed analysis yesterday, and taking into account various possibilities, there shouldn’t be any accidents today.

Experiment, start!

Su Hao carefully started by following the experiment steps. Apparatus, herbs, everything was ready. Then, he began measuring the herbs.

“Star grass...weight: 101g..........nutrient detection: 75 to 80........age: 1 year.........requirement met”

“Almond grass....weight: 1280g......nutrient detection: 56 to 64.....age: 1 year to 3 years......requirement met”

“Mannose grass.......”

Su Hao tested each herb and recorded the weight and medical properties. Then, according to the formula, he quickly analysed the right amount of distilled water needed for the mixture.

After finished testing the herbs, it was finally the time to start the crucial step.

To mix three herbs and distilled water in a way that ensured medical properties weren’t affected, under Su Hao’s concentration, surprisingly there weren’t any problems.

“This, this kid isn’t bad. Forget about others, this attitude is worthy of praise.” Zhang Zhongtian praised, “However, mixture is just a foreplay. To ferment origin ability is the hard part.”

“Good, mixture done!”

A flash of joy could be seen in Su Hao’s eyes. He was quite satisfied with his performance so far, continue!

Putting a bottle of the liquid mixture in the middle of the bottle rack, Su Hao then took out a vacuum cover, putting it on top.

Vacuum cover.....maintaining a vacuum state. Besides ensuring the perfect condition for the experiment, at the same time, it also prevented any large scale explosions.

Finally, it was the time for heating!

In the bottom of bottle rack, Su Hao chose the heating button and then placed a bottle of origin ability fermentation drug on top of the cover.

“Kacha!”

Origin ability fermentation drug installed.

“Good!”

Su Hao stared at the bottle of liquid mixture in the vacuum cover. As the temperature rose, the color gradually changed. At this moment, it was the most crucial point.

“Drop!”

Su Hao controlled the console and dropped droplet by droplet of origin ability fermentation drug into the mixture.

The liquid mixture at this moment was having a violent reaction. As liquid kept rising and spilling from bottle, the color changed non stop before it gradually turned blue.

It was clear like a crystal.

“Excellent boy!”

Zhang Zhongtian exclaimed, “to not even make any mistakes until now, he had avoided all the problems I had encountered previously. As long as the fermentation was successfully deployed, then this bottle of drug will be completed. This brat, he’s really a genius?”

Zhang Zhongtian had long forgotten his initial plan to let Su Hao give up on this. This time he was looking forward to Su Hao’s performance.

In the laboratory.

“Very soon, soon it will succeed.”

Su Hao took a deep breath. Watching the liquid continuously reacting, he once again dropped a droplet of fermentation drug.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0074 The attitude of a great master
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0074 The attitude of a great master

Translator: Yorasu

A droplet of origin ability fermentation drug traveled down.

The liquid mixture which was originally boiling had suddenly expanded. The apparatus used in the experiment began to show some cracks. The cracks spread further and eventually the liquid mixture burst!

“No good!”

Su Hao was caught in surprise. He felt a trace of disappointment.

“Hong!”

A loud sound echoed. Su Hao’s mind was startled and he subconsciously closed his eyes. When he opened his eyes again, the vacuum cover was a mess.

All the apparatuses had broken!

The weird colored liquid mixture spilled all over.

“Fail.....”

Su Hao bitterly smiled, “The amount isn’t wrong. It seems to be the slightly variant medicinal properties from those herbs that caused such result. The last droplet, I shouldn’t have added it. If only I added just half a droplet, that would’ve been perfect. To get the perfect balance, such a task is so difficult.”

“Redo!”

Su Hao wasn’t discouraged by this. After cleaning up the mess, he started his experiment again. Since he used a new stock of herbs which would mean yet different medicinal properties, he would have to restart everything from the beginning!

“Clean!”

Shua!

The experiment platform within the vacuum cover instantly tilted. As a space was opened, numerous bits of apparatuses and liquid mixtures were dumped, and some disinfection cleaning was done before it closed again. Now, the experiment platform was as good as new again.

Su Hao prepared some herbs. Once again, he began the experiment from the start.

“This brat......” Zhang Zhongtian shook his head. Failure is inevitable. This came from his own vast experiences. Even if you had a lucky success, that didn’t mean you wouldn’t fail in a future experiment. You must keep practicing before you are able to grasp the perfect control and right timing to succeed every time.

By the time you’re able to achieve such feat, you would have already come across hundreds or even thousands of herbs.

At that time, when you touch a herb, your heart would have a natural scale to find the most suitable medicinal properties, knowing the characteristics and ensure a smooth progress of experiment.

This was the so called accumulation of experience which would guarantee a 100 percent success.

“This is what I like about the youngster.”

Zhang Zhongtian grinned, “A bottle cost 30,000 star dollar. En....also the materials, cleaning cost, testing cost, I will reluctantly charge him just 20,000 star dollar. Total up 50,000 star dollar. As long as he failed 20 times, then I don’t have to give him 1 million star dollar from the deal yesterday.”

“Youngster, I will be watching you.”

In the laboratory, Su Hao who was preparing and measuring the herbs and suddenly seemed to think of something. His mind moved. Was this the only way to carry out an experiment?

Was success built up from countless failures?

That was the truth!

But....this was the era of origin ability!

Countless origin abilities, countless people with different talents that even what suited your origin ability had been written down by the Origin Ability Association.

For example, Su Hao’s model analysis had been recorded as helpful in construction, model production, and so on.....

Or those who had elementary origin ability, their speciality would be written as combat type. As for Sun Yaohui, the one who was named Viper, his origin ability had brought in lots of benefits to the pharmacy field.

This was the era of origin ability where everything was a possibility.

Since this is the case, wouldn’t his origin ability be useful in pharmacy too?

Su Hao looked at the herbs in his hands. His mind suddenly moved. Instead of doing experiment here, why not try with himself first?

Thinking of this possibility, Su Hao became delighted. If this was the case......

“Model analysis start!”

“Hong!”

In Su Hao’s mind, a new world once again appeared!

Model!

Su Hao did use his ability once during his battle in the huge ghost castle to simulate. Although it was for a short period of time, his action had allowed him to become instantly well aware of the surrounding terrain.

And this time.......he simulated a model of this small experiment platform.

It was so small, one thousandth of the size of the ghost castle. After all, it was only the size of a table, so energy consumption was very little.

Experiment!

This time, Su Hao intended to carry out experiment within his mind!

Here in this world, everything was under his control! What about a vacuum cover? He didn’t need it! Any explosion here won’t affect him at all!

Brand new experiment, start!

Just like that, Su Hao closed his eyes. Standing in front of the experimental platform, he began the experiment.

Continuing his operation of model analysis, within Su Hao’s mind, a perfect model of the simulation appeared. They were all so realistic that the herbs even maintained their medical properties.

Five minutes later, Su Hao suddenly opened his eyes. The experiment failed!

All herbs were destroyed; all models were destroyed. This caused his model analysis to be interrupted directly!

Rather, Su Hao wasn’t feeling down. Looking at the still intact herbs, his mouth raised a smile. Again!

Model analysis, start!

Once again, a model of experimental platform appeared!

However, this time, the herbs weren’t different. They were all the same data as the previous experiment, an exact copy.

Su Hao had perfectly learnt his mistake from the previous experiment.

Five minutes later, yet another failure!

Still a step left, again!

Another five minutes later, success! This still wasn’t enough. Su Hao again started his model analysis, success! One more time, after another five minutes, success!

Determining that it wasn’t luck, but real success, Su Hao opened his eyes in surprise.

Success!

He had continuous succeeded in model experiments. This indicated that he had already mastered the current herbs in front of his eyes now.

Although, if he was to use different batch of herbs, failure was destined to happen, but for those in front of him right now.........he was determined to succeed!

The real experiment started now!

In the pharmacy store, Zhang Zhongtian looked at Su Hao who was standing still, “This brat couldn’t have been shocked until he became a retard, right? Half an hour of standing still.......closing eyes there for what?”

As he was puzzled, he suddenly noticed Su Hao began to move. With both hands dancing, he began mixing the herbs.

“That fast? What the heck is this brat doing? Any slight error would cause failure. This is just his second test. I’m hoping he won’t make a simple mistake like breaking the apparatus.” Zhang Zhongtian was shocked as he looked at Su Hao’s movements.

The current Su Hao wasn’t being careful like his previous experiment. Instead, he was displaying a skillful movement. After measuring the herbs, he threw them to the side.

For a master, this was a skill. But he was just a novice. This was too impatient.

However, it was only the beginning of Zhang Zhongtian being surprised.

Herbs test!

Hebs mixing!

Currently, Zhang Zhongtian had already stood up. Su Hao’s current movement could only be described with one word, skillful!

Too skillful!

Seemingly like he wasn’t worried about the different medical properties in each herb that would bring different reaction, he only did them once without even double checking. The entire progress was flowing like a beautiful art.

Not bad!

Like moving clouds and flowing water.

But this was Su Hao. Zhang Zhongtian felt incredible looking at his action......What’s the situation here?

Then, it was the most crucial time of origin ability fermentation.

Zhang Zhongtian saw Su Hao skillfully cover the platform with a vacuum cover and begin to drop origin ability fermentation drug.

One drop.......two drops.......three drops.....

The liquid mixture started to show a reaction. Maintaining an uniform action, drop after drop was continuously added. Only at the last drop did Su Hao finally let go of his hand.

The liquid mixture changed again in color. Soon, it turned to a normal blue color.

Did he succeed?

Zhang Zhongtian was at a loss. Wasn’t this too easy?

From start to finish, there was no trace of problems or mistakes. Regardless of his expression or action, Su Hao was able to maintain his calm and showed his skill!

Was this brat possessed by some drug master?

He wasn’t finished yet. Zhang Zhongtian seriously looked at the screen. Su Hao took out several empty drug bottles and then removed the vacuum cover to transfer the mixture into the bottles.

Ten bottles of beginner origin ability restoration drug, complete!

“This.....this is too smooth!” Zhang Zhongtian had thought for half a day and couldn’t think of any other word to describe this. The one and only word he could think off – smooth!

Yes, smooth!

From start to finish, there wasn’t the slightest hesitation. Just like that, he completed the experiment.

Whether it was distilled water or fermentation drug, everything was accurate!

Zhang Zhongtian was completely speechless. Was this really a newbie attempting to create a drug? Was this really a novice who had just tried once only? He was even more skillful than he himself!

Compared to his first failed experiment, Zhang Zhongtian suddenly felt a slight sadness. If he was compared with Su Hao, the previous him was............. This was too heartbreaking!

The International is finally over. No more dota and time to translate ?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0075 Formally accepting disciple
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0075 Formally accepting disciple

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“Done!”

Su Hao had a look of satisfaction as he glanced at the ten origin ability restoration bottles in front of him. Being able to succeed on his second try was quite surprising to him. Of course, what shocked him more was the new discovery of his model analysis.

Although he knew that his ability allowed him to create a model identical to the original object, he never thought it would be accurate to such degree.

The last duel in ghost castle had allowed Su Hao to discover terrain modeling. By allowing him to simulate terrain, he could familiarize himself with every corner of the terrain instantly.

From now onward, his model analysis had one more feature - model experiment.

Was this feature already available in his original ability or a byproduct of mutation?

Su Hao wasn’t sure about this. However, he understood that while his ability couldn’t compare to the offensive power of elemental types or the speed of instantaneous movement, it was still useful for him in many different aspects.

“Kacha!”

The glass laboratory door swung open. Zhang Zhongtian entered from outside, his face pale.

“What?” Su Hao felt strange about this.

Zhang Zhongtian stared at Su Hao as if he was looking at a ghost. Newbie? Rookie? Newbie? Rookie?

“Today is your first time conducting an experiment?” Zhang Zhongtian couldn’t help ask.

“Yeah?” Su Hao replied in a confused state.

Zhang Zhongtian, “......”

How would you say this, to succeed on your second try as a newbie, was that even possible? Or was it simply luck?

“Do it again. I will observe clearly.” Zhang Zhongtian said.

“Alright!”

Su Hao took a glance at Zhang Zhongtian’s expression, placing a guess as to what he was thinking. With an indifferent smile on his face, Su Hao grabbed several herbs and closed his eyes once again.

Model analysis, start!

To ensure the accuracy of his later experiments, Su Hao began to simulate the experiment within his brain with utmost focus.

5 minutes later, failed!

Model analysis, start!

Su Hao once again adjusted his actions from his previous failure. In fact, Su Hao’s talent in pharmacy was not considered excellent. Even with the same types of herbs, Su Hao only managed to succeed on his third try.

Only at this moment, did Su Hao open both his eyes.

Regarding Su Hao’s act of closing his eyes, Zhang Zhongtian wasn’t too mindful about it.

This was because many pharmacists also had such habits. Even he himself did it occasionally to support himself and maintain an ideal state. Conducting experiments was a very difficult task, with every minute requiring the utmost concentration. Pharmacists were human, not animals; naturally, they wouldn’t push themselves past exhaustion.

An imperfect state may lead to the tiniest of deviations in an experiment, causing failure; so........The state of mind must be perfect.

Closing your eyes, adjusting your origin ability, that would be the ideal solution. Let alone Su Hao who had just finished an experiment.

“Start!”

Su Hao suddenly opened his eyes. A smile flashed across his face. For the next steps in the experiment, everything would occur within his chest. Su Hao casually grabbed several batches of herbs, resuming the experiment which had shocked Zhang Zhongtian once again.

Herbs test!

Herbs mixture!

Origin ability fermentation!

That incredibly smooth pace was even more fluid than the previous attempt. Five minutes later, ten new bottles of drug appeared in front of him. Su Hao’s third experiment, success!

Zhang Zhongtian: “........”

He had already been stunned!

Seeing something with your own eyes was incomparable to viewing it through a virtual screen. From the moment Su Hao opened his eyes, all he could see was a calm and confident gaze. It was tantamount to the aura of a master. Whether it was in terms of aura or proficiency, Su Hao was not inferior to him in any way.

Despite seeing it with his own eyes, he would never think that Su Hao was novice.

Genius!

A once in a thousand years genius!

In the Pharmacy Association, many pharmacists have origin abilities which would make others jealous. These latent abilities would be helpful in assisting them in carrying out experiments. Different talents would then have different benefits. For example, super calculation, the ability to mix drugs within a margin of error of a single droplet; they were akin to a humanoid machine!

Taking human error into account, although it was impossible to succeed one-hundred percent of the time, the success rate would increase by at least two-fold.

Similarly, there are those with analytical or vision-based abilities. They also boasted an extremely high success rate.

Zhang Zhongtian naturally hoped to get such a student as his disciple. However, those with vision or analytical abilities would typically choose to be pharmacist. Everyone had their own preferred route to take; this was not something which he could force. Additionally, there are only a few such individuals in the world.

However, such abilities when compared with Su Hao, were too weak to compare!

Su Hao’s performance was on another level when compared to those with such abilities. Whether that model analysis of Su Hao helped him or not, Zhang Zhongtian didn’t care. What mattered was that Su Hao’s final result was definitely worthy of high praise.

Zhang Zhongtian kept silent for some time as his mind drifted elsewhere.

Accepting a disciple!

Officially accepting Su Hao as his student!

However, looking at Su Hao’s smile, Zhang Zhongtian felt some difficulty in voicing his desire. Although he was cunning, that was only when he was dealing with outsiders......The truth was, he did feel some hesitation during the deal. Just yesterday, he had even reminded Su Hao that it was all just a business.

“Haha, not bad. Great progress.” Zhang Zhongtian approvingly praised.

Su Hao secretly smiled in heart. His face purposely revealed hesitation as he watched Zhang Zhongtian, “Master Zhang, student feels like there are still many flaws here and there. I hope you will give guidance.”

“Of course.” Zhang Zhongtian laughed, “I will definitely guide you.”

“Then, thanks a lot Master Zhang.” With emotion, Su Hao continued, “You’re so selfless and generous. If you were my real master, then how pleasant would it be. Unfortunately, this student doesn’t have enough qualifications.”

“How could it be! Your talent exceeds that of many people from the Pharmacy Association.” Zhang Zhongtian said in a serious tone, giving out a subtle hint......I am not looking down on you, you have the qualification. Quickly, request me to accept you as my disciple, quickly! As long as you request, I will accept!

“Really, if this is the case, then this student really lacks confidence.” Su Hao sighed with sorrow.

“Hehe.”

“Hehe.”

......

Zhang Zhongtian was helpless. This brat, he really is just a little slyboots! I thought those hardworking, bookworm students are supposed to be honest and obedient?

This is utter shit!

It’s simply not true at all!

“That, Su Hao....” Zhang Zhongtian continued. With his talent, if Su Hao were to be noticed by the Pharmacy Association, that group of old men would definitely not let him out of their grasp.

If he were to miss this chance, perhaps he wouldn’t ever have such an opportunity in the future.

“You see here, I have no apprentice. Your talent is not bad, if you don’t mind.....” Zhang Zhongtian finally decided to be frank.

Seeing that he finally revealed his intention, Su Hao smiled in his heart. Mission accomplished!

“Disciple Su Hao greets master!”

Su Hao cupped both hands, imitating the way of ancients. Zhang Zhongtian smiled, this kid.....

He was now a formal disciple!

Although Su Hao had long ago predicted such an outcome, his heart still felt excitement.

After all, a deal is still a deal. Although Zhang Zhongtian appeared hospitable and kind, it was only limited to this. Handing you some formulas, lending a lab for you to experiment, replying to your questions. As for other benefits, don’t even dream about it.

But as a disciple now, it was no longer the same treatment.

Without Su Hao needing to ask, Zhang Zhongtian would whole-heartedly give him pointers and carefully train him. This was a complete three-sixty in terms of treatment! Ignoring other facts, at the very least he would no longer have to worry about compensation for failed experiments.

Successfully becoming his disciple, Zhang Zhongtian would naturally guide him with extreme care.

Su Hao straightforwardly informed Zhang Zhongtian of his ability. Hearing this, Zhang Zhongtian exclaimed and began to rack his brain, trying to find the best way to use Su Hao’s ability to the fullest potential.

Unfortunately, although the real life experiment seemed to only take place for a few minutes, for Su Hao himself, he had undergone several simulations within his mind!

His supply of origin ability energy was incapable of meeting Su Hao’s consumption. Just two experiments later, his gas tank was now empty.

Thus, for the remainder of the day, Su Hao was trapped here. Every experiment, how to be faster, how to measure accurately, how to fermentate better, how to mix better, with no help from origin ability energy. Zhang Zhongtian taught Su Hao step by step.

Zhang Zhongtian passed down all his experiences unreservedly to Su Hao.

This was also the first time Su Hao had seen the other side of Zhang Zhongtian, as a fanatical pharmacist, much unlike the usual cunning businessman. Definitely one which he wouldn’t regret to have as a teacher.

The following few days, Su Hao stayed there.

Regarding the materials for black markets’ body strengthening drug, they had yet to arrive. Thus, this entire week, Zhang Zhongtian had the time to wholeheartedly instruct Su Hao.

Without using model analysis, Su Hao’s success rate returned to that of a novice.

This was the absolute requirement of Zhang Zhongtian!

Only by coming across the different natures of various herbs would one’s proficiency in experiments rapidly increase. In the early stage of training, only this method allowed you to improve rapidly.

Su Hao sank into deep thought.

This entire week, Su Hao hadn’t used his origin ability, directly experimenting in the laboratory.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0076 New drug
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0076 New drug

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

Failure!

More failure!

Endless failure!

He managed to succeed in a meagre one out of every ten trials, a pitiful ten percent. Additionally, it was all because of luck. That was how Su Hao managed to grow despite an endless cycle of failure. In a few days, Su Hao had improved by leaps and bounds.

As for Master Zhang, who had been observing Su Hao’s progress, he held bittersweet feelings within his heart.

It would be strange if he didn’t feel heartache. That madman Su Hao, when he was in the midst of work, it was comparable with Zhang Zhongtian himself. In a period of few days, he had carried out hundreds of experiments!

It is worth noting that each experiment produces ten bottles of beginner origin ability recovery drug. Although the materials needed cost half that of the resulting product, it still amounted to fifty thousand star dollars! These past few days, Su Hao had consumed tens of millions of star dollars worth of materials. Almost all of Zhang Zhongtian’s reserved materials had been consumed. Who would believe him if he said his heart didn’t ache?

Fortunately, in later experiments, the amount of time Su Hao needed to complete an experiment decreased, indirectly increasing the success rate. Even without model analysis, he was already capable of achieving a success rate of fifty percent. The stockpile of beginner restoration drug had increased by quite a number these few days.

Overall, Zhang Zhongtian’s total loss wasn’t that great.

As for Su Hao, his progress was magnificent.

Previously 5 minutes, Su Hao could now complete an experiment within 3 minutes!

As for what made Su Hao depressed, that should be his poor success rate. Fifty percent! After consuming tens of millions of star dollars in herbs, he had only improved his success rate to fifty percent?

A success rate of fifty percent also meant that.....he didn’t earn nor lose.

Since the cost of materials was half the price of the resulting drug, he neither earned or lost anything with his success rate.

This was too f*cking expensive!

“Not bad.”

Zhang Zhongtian was very satisfied with Su Hao’s performance without the use of his origin ability. In the field of pharmacy, there are three values which are of the utmost importance.

Foundation, persistence, and talent.

Foundation. It was pointless to talk about Su Hao’s foundation. He was capable of reciting all herbs with ease. Questioning a bookworm on his foundation was an insult.

Persistence. Su Hao wasn’t lacking any of this. To be able to reach this point, his persistence was unshakable. Even after his ability had undergone mutation and become powerful, Su Hao had kept moving forward and hadn’t been negligent for a second!

Talent. Su Hao’s talent in the field of pharmacy could be considered as ordinary or slightly above average. He was not considered talented, but now.......with the help of his origin ability, he had become an entirely different man. A single line to best describe Su Hao would be, once I am serious, even I myself would get scared and flee.

“Su Hao, how is your mastery coming along?” Zhang Zhongtian walked into the lab and had a look at the ever busy Su Hao.

“Consistent at fifty percent. If I want to improve, I can only keep practicing.” Su Hao said so with a hint of depression. Fifty percent, he definitely wasn’t satisfied.

“You’re still not satisfied?” Zhang Zhongtian snapped back, “For others, they would need several months to reach fifty percent. You only took seven days, what’s there to be depressed about? Not to mention, you could always use your origin ability to help once in awhile.”

“Hehe.” Su Hao scratched his head.

“Alright, I guess that’s all for the mastery of beginner restoration drug.” Zhang Zhongtian casually said.

Su Hao’s mind moved. “The materials for black market strengthening drug are here?”

“Not yet, but it is about time soon.” Zhang Zhongtian nodded, “The last batch should arrive tonight. From tomorrow onward, we should be able to carry about experiments.”

Su Hao nodded.

Black market strengthening drug held quite some significance to his master.

Not to mention, once a new version of strengthening drug was developed, such a find would lead to major changes!

Zhang Zhongtian could no longer wait.

Su Hao himself also had his own matters to attend to. He couldn’t stay here all the time. Pharmacy always required a long period of study. Since he had mastery, he could slowly improve it later.

“You’re still a student of the natural selection class. There is still one more important event, the college entrance examination! In your third year of high school, you should concentrate on college exams. After enrolling in Zhanzheng College, it still isn’t too late to devote yourself to pharmacy at that time.”

Zhang Zhongtian reminded him, “Enrolling in Zhanzheng College doesn’t mean you’re formidable, but....your horizons will definitely broaden”

“Yes, master.” Su Hao listened carefully.

“These days, your beginner origin ability restoration drug has already made quite a bit of progress. You should be quite adept at mixing three types of herbs. You can proceed to next stage.”

Zhang Zhongtian laughed, “Beginner body repair drug. Do you want to try?”

“Body repair drug?” Su Hao’s eyes brightened.

The so-called body repair drug, it’s use was literally restoring one’s body. While practicing or in various types of combat scenarios, one’s body would typically receive some damage. Some injuries are so severe that a hospital visit is needed for proper treatment. For example, when Sun Yaotian’s eyes had burst, he had required such care.

As for most cases, it would usually be some minor injuries such as fractures or exterior wounds. Going to hospital would be a waste of time. Under such conditions, you would utilize this kind of drug, body repair drug.

By using origin ability energy and recovering blood for the body, body injuries are eliminated.

This was the initial stage. Similar to beginner origin ability restoration drug, it is one of the two drugs which a novice must master.

Only after mastering these two drugs could you truly call yourself a beginner pharmacist.

The final day, Su Hao learned seriously. Under the guidance of Zhang Zhongtian, he carried out several experiments. Of course, they all failed without any exceptions!

Su Hao noticed that in many cases, it was actually Zhang Zhongtian who deliberately guided him into failure.

According to Zhang Zhongtian’s words, today’s purpose was exposing all possible mistakes. This way, when encountering similar problems in the future, he would be able to solve and avoid them.

Su Hao went into deep thought.

Body repair drug, it was the second experiment which Su Hao had seen in the experimental notes. As a five herb mixture, the difficulty had multiplied by quite an amount.

Until early next morning, Su Hao repeated the experiment ten times, all of them ending in failure!

“I guess we can stop here. You’ve basically stumbled upon all possible mistakes.” Zhang Zhongtian was extremely satisfied with Su Hao’s performance, “To mix five herbs requires a lot of time and experience. As long as you slowly train, you should be fine.”

“Yes, master!”

Su Hao nodded. Via his model analysis, he could directly view Zhang Zhongtian’s current level, master pharmacist! It wasn’t that he didn’t attempt to read Zhang Zhongtian’s data, but the energy consumption was too great. Su Hao curled his mouth as he noticed that he was unable to establish cards of Zhang Zhongtian.

Master pharmacist, what kind of existence was that?

The current Su Hao was incapable of knowing.

He could empty his entire gas tank without succeeding in establishing a card, showing the formidability of that skill. At the very least least, it was not something which he could touch.

“Alright, you haven’t come out for quite some time. It should be about the right time to go back.” Zhang Zhongtian laughed, “I thought there was a battle of honor every month in the natural selection class?”

“En.” Su Hao nodded. Master even knew about this?

“Hehe, those old men are still trying to stimulate the potential of students.” Zhang Zhongtian sighed, “If you don’t have anything else, return. These days, I would remain in the lab, but the store would have to be closed for quite some time.”

“Uh.....there’s something else.” Su Hao hesitated.

“Yes?” Zhang Zhongtian looked at him strangely, “What’s the problem?”

“Haha, not that.” Su Hao coughed for a second as he pointed at the tools nearby.

Zhang Zhongtian became livid, “Damn brat, you still want to exploit me before leaving? These tools, I will give them to you then!”

“Thank you, master!”

Su Hao shamelessly took all the tools away. For him, as long as he had experiment tools, it should be sufficient. Vacuum covers, all those high tech gadgets, did he really need them?

As long as he activated his origin ability, all experiment tools would be instantly created!

“Shitty brat......” Zhang Zhongtian helplessly shook his head as he watched Su Hao’s figure leave. Looking up at the dark sky, he suddenly turned sentimental......how long had it been since he’d been home?

“Heh, there will be such day soon.”

Zhang Zhongtian muttered to himself as he shut the store door and entered his laboratory.

Closed door. Experiment, start!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0077 Ranking reward
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0077 Ranking reward

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

Having returned home to spend time with his family, Su Hao once again decided to train his origin ability transition technique.

A week before this, Su Hao had lost track of himself in the laboratory, crazily practicing. There had been almost no time improve his origin ability transition technique. The bottles of beginner origin ability recovery drug on the floor were also unable to be utilised.

Since free time was scarce these days, he should use what little free time he had as wisely as possible.

Moreover, after exiting the laboratory this time, he had managed to leave not only with some tools for himself, but several bottles of beginner origin ability recovery drug which he himself had created.

“Glup!”

Su Hao poured a bottle of the drug into his mouth. The energy within his body began to rapidly recover.

Thinking back to the last time Su Hao had trained his beginner origin ability cultivation technique, one bottle of recovery drug had been enough for him to fully recover. Whereas now...a full six bottles were needed for complete recovery.

Origin ability recovery!

“Activate!”

Su Hao’s mind moved. His body’s energy began to be consumed at a crazy rate. The gray color of origin ability transition card began to slowly brighten.

Fifty percent...fifty-two...fifty-five percent...ka!

It stopped.

It had only reached this point?

Su Hao became depressed. The consumption of these two star cards was simply too terrifying! The card progress had only increased by five percent, the equivalent of six bottles of recovery drug.

“Forty-five percent remaining. If every five percent requires six bottles of recovery drug, in order to fully master this card, I need about fifty-four bottles!” Su Hao took a glance at the remaining eighty plus bottles. Phew, luckily it was enough.

Break through!

“Gulp!”

“Gulp!”

Su Hao consumed bottle after bottle of recovery drug. The energy within his body recovered endlessly. Whenever his gas tank was full, Su Hao would make progress on the card at the cost of origin ability energy.

One time...two times...three times...

The current Su Hao was unaware of the passage of time. His mind was focused entirely on the card which gradually brightened as time passed by.

“Hong!”

During his last attempt, as the energy in his body completely emptied, the origin ability transition technique card was finally completely lit up. However, Su Hao was unable to be surprised at this time.

With the completion of origin ability transition technique, endless streams of information and experiences about the card were pouring into his mind.

The cultivation route for origin ability transition technique....Zhao Feng’s usual training routine...the shaky foundation of beginner origin ability transition technique until full mastery...

Success!

He had finally completed beginner origin ability transition technique!

A card packed with countless memories and experiences, all of the information was perfectly integrated into Su Hao’s mind. Practice of beginner origin ability transition technique would now begin!

Su Hao began to circulate the energy within his body according to the route of origin ability transition technique.

The confused state of energy within his body began to rotate in an orderly fashion as Su Hao sat cross legged. Traces of energy could be seen flashing around his body, akin to an ancient, old monk meditating.

As the energy operation went on, along with the energy traces, the energy within Su Hao’s body began to increase in larger and larger increments!

Seven days!

Again seven days!

After a full seven days, Su Hao finally was able to integrate and master the beginner origin ability transition technique.

Within these few days, besides eating and sleeping, Su Hao used almost all of his remaining time to train the origin ability transition technique.

Model analysis was only able to read the card model. Also, due to some factors, it was able to analyze the training method, experiences, and route of the model, but prevented one from directly mastering the new knowledge. As for how to master and when to master, that would depend on Su Hao himself.

Only when all of these were completely integrated and mastered would this ability really belong to himself!

“Hu~”

Su Hao had a long sigh of relief. As he slowly opened his eyes, the traces of light returned to his body.

Su Hao observed his current state for a moment. The flow of energy within his body was flowing quite heavily. Compared to the time he had mastered the advanced origin ability cultivation technique, it was an entirely different realm. Whether it was the capacity of energy or recovery speed, they were all greatly enhanced!

Two star card truly was formidable!

Looking at the time, today was 28th of September. Two days remained before October 1st, the date of the battle of honor. Should I go or not?

Su Hao was hesitant. For freshmen, the battle of honor was an excuse for them to be abused.

This wasn’t a practice unique to the current time period. Even in the era preceding origin abilities, when there only existed a written exam, the first examination of the third year was a critical affair. The majority of the freshmen, excluding a few outstanding students, would be trampled under the feet of repeaters.

After all, everyone there was a genius. A gap of one year was far too difficult to overcome.

Did the school organize such a fight to make it interesting?

Su Hao remained skeptical.

Since everyone knew they would be thrashed, would they willingly participate? Although the five hundred point reward for victory appeared attractive, the greater than ninety-nine percent failure rate dissuaded many from trying their luck..

As Su Hao remained hesitant on participating, the communication device on his wrist once again vibrated. He had received a message, turning out to be a school notice. Taking a quick glance at the message’s contents, he was instantly stunned.

The battle of honor is about to begin.

New task release.

Name of task: Obtain victory in the battle of honor

Task participants: Freshmen of the natural selection class

Task content: Defeat the repeaters and obtain victory in battle of honor

Requirement: Gain victory

Reward points: Three hundred task points

-------------------

Name of task: Defeat in the battle of honor

Participants: Freshmen of the natural selection class

Task content: Failure is not scary. What’s truly frightening is to lack the courage to face failure. Youth, you must fight for it!

Requirement: Battle failure!

Reward points: One hundred task points

--------------------

Task name: Personal honor

Participants: All students in the natural selection class

Task content: The battle of honor also involves personal honor. Will your presence help in the battle? Fight for it! In this battle, it is entirely about your own honor! Kill a hostile student and score one honor point.

Requirement: None

Reward point: With two hundred students in the class, the reward will be distributed from the top of ranking to the bottom. First rank will receive two hundred task points, second rank will receive one hundred ninety-nine points, the last rank will receive one point (Reward formula: two hundred and one - current rank)

“..........”

Sure enough!

He knew that the school definitely wouldn’t let go of such a golden opportunity. Gaining victory in battle of honor would reward three hundred points. Even if you lost, you would still gain one hundred task points! Additionally, there was the matter of personal honor.

Even if you were unable to defeat any repeaters, it would be fine! After all, there were only one hundred repeaters. Let them occupy the top one hundred; as for rank one hundred and one, it was up for grabs!

Rank one hundred and one, that was a nice one hundred task points!

Coupled with the one hundred point reward for defeat, the battle of honor truly was too generous!

One hundred to two hundred task points, was that a lot?

Not really, but the battle of honor’s length was limited to a single day! Su Hao, after putting his life on the line and dealing with all sort of difficulties, had barely managed to complete the emergency task given by Teacher Yang. He obtained a meagre three hundred points after three days!

As long as you participated in the battle of honor, you would receive one hundred task points. How was this not generous?

Su Hao put these newly released tasks aside. In the battle of honor, there was still one task listed at the very top - the honor of freshmen.

It was a terrifying three star task.

Beating the repeaters for the first time would reward five hundred task points. There was no conflict between this and the newly received tasks. If the freshmen won this time, they would all receive at least eight hundred task points, not including the rewards for personal honor!

Eight hundred task points!

This was bait, intended to encourage freshmen to step forward! What sort of value was eight hundred points? Besides the one-time reward during the first field exploration, there were no more opportunities for such high rewards!

And all of this would take place in under a day!

“Battle of honor........” Su Hao’s eyes flashed, “Seems that it’s about time to go back to school.”

However, school was still an institution for growth. It would always try to stimulate students’ potential and protect their confidence. By doing it in such a way, everyone would have the chance to get stronger together.

If freshmen had received such a task, what about repeaters?

If Su Hao didn’t guess wrong, the repeaters surely had a task to oppose the freshmen!

Natural selection class, the domain of wild berserk beasts.

In a field two thousand plus meters away from school, a youth was battling with a rough thick skin black cattle beast. This type of thick skin beast was something which everyone would struggle with.

Peng!

Peng!

Peng!

After several attacks, the black cattle beast remained sound and unharmed. Its body didn’t have the slightest scar or wound.

However, as the youth stood there motionless, the black cattle beast suddenly gave a large cry and fell to the ground with a resounding bang.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0078 Nine successive victory
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0078 Nine successive victory

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

In front of the black cattle beast, Zhao Feng stood motionless.

His origin ability, penetration, was extremely effective when dealing with black cattle beasts that lacked the ability to evade!

Since conversing with Su Hao, Zhao Feng had finally understood his path forward, prompting him to begin training nonstop. He wasn’t like Su Hao, a new and inexperienced freshman. Every task point that he accumulated was used to its full potential, enabling rapid progress that could be seen within a month’s time.

This time, he was prepared to reach a distance of three thousand meters in field exploration!

Dashing from the side of the black cattle beast’s body, he prepared to move forward. Suddenly, his wrist vibrated. Zhao Feng raised his wrist and a virtual screen popped out. As expected, a message concerning the battle of honor had come.

Three tasks!

Victory of battle, defeat, and personal honor!

“The same tasks again.” Zhao Feng naturally laughed. A few months ago, he had still been a freshman. After the college entrance examination, however, he had instantly become a repeater. As it was his first time accepting the tasks as a repeater, he had just discovered that they were almost identical to those of the freshmen.

These three tasks were nearly the same, having simply swapped names from either side.

The only task which gave him an odd feeling was pinned at the very top of list.

-------------

Task name: Repeaters’ honor

Participants: Repeaters of natural selection class

Star rating: Three stars

Content: As time flies, the new generation turns into the older generation. Without knowing, the freshmen have become repeaters. As the saying goes, the rear waves of Yangtze River drive on those before; the old waves would end their journey on the beach. As a repeater, do you want to end up dying on the beach? Absolutely not! Guard the honor of repeaters and raise your courage to challenge the freshmen!

Conditions: Nine wins

Task reward: One thousand task points

---------------

One thousand task points for nine wins!

What did nine wins signify?

Zhao Feng pondered for a moment. There were a total of nine skirmishes in the battle of honor. This meant that they were unable to suffer even a single loss. Once they failed, the thousand points would vanish.

In other words, repeaters must always maintain an absolute advantage.

Stimulation!

Repeated stimulation!

The school management encouraged freshmen to challenge themselves. They also held the same stance with repeaters. This ensured that both sides would compete with each other and bring forth progress for the entire school.

The natural selection class was truly deserving of its reputation!

“A nine win streak?” Zhao Feng sighed. Last time, hadn’t their side been entirely wiped out, allowing the repeaters to obtain a winning streak of nine? This year, the generous reward of one thousand task points would belong to them!

However, was a nine win streak really that easy to obtain?

At first glance, it seemed like repeaters had the advantage, but the freshmen had endless potential. Considering that factor, the probability of the repeaters winning all nine battles was only fifty percent, equivalent to the freshmen taking a single victory.

In the last two battles, talented students would usually start showing their potential.

Of course, there were exceptions, such as Chen Yifeng and Sun Yaohui’s batch. Let alone nine consecutive victories, repeaters had only managed to obtain four successive victories. As for remaining five rounds, they had become punching bags!

When these two terrifying fellows worked together, the result was astonishing!

This time, would the repeaters be able to obtain nine straight wins?

A figure suddenly appeared in Zhao Feng’s mind, Su Hao!

It was a fact that his talent was weak, but when Zhao Feng had confronted him, he had felt an inexplicable pressure. Not to mention, this freshmen batch had Zhou Wang, Bai Lingfeng, and Chen Yiran as well. These names were widely associated with the word genius.

This generation was without a doubt, the rise of geniuses!

“This battle will be very interesting.” Zhao Feng smiled indifferently as he closed the virtual screen and continued to march forward.

Before the battle of honor, he wanted to obtain the rewards for reaching three thousand meters in field exploration.

At the same time, it was not known how many people had already seen this information.

The repeaters had started preparations long ago, while the freshmen were looking at the tasks with much vigor. They had learned a tough lesson about the difficulty in obtaining task points after receiving their first reward for field exploration.

There were a few freshmen that had spent points without any reservations after obtaining their first reward.

Only after spending all those points did they realize that obtaining task points was no easy feat! A normal task only worth one hundred points. As for those spanning half a month or longer, they only had two hundred to three hundred task points as a reward.

This was a tragic sight!

Were there really such idiots among the students?

Don’t doubt it!

As many people have mentioned before, of every group, ten percent would consist of idiots! This fact was something which everyone must understand. In a small group of five members, you would already have a chance at encountering such people, let alone the one hundred freshmen. The amount of people belonging to this pig-like group was not insignificant!

One of them, Li Xin, had even managed to become a leader!

Who was Li Xin? On the first day of the natural selection class, he was the student responsible for calling over a teacher with an instantaneous movement ability, immediately using one of this three life and death commands.

A single life and death command was of trifling value to Li Xin.

During his first field exploration, he had obtained a generous amount of rewards! Only after spending all his points and obtaining a new task did he realize the true value of task points.

After confidently accepting a public venue task, he was beaten bloody and swollen a week later by those who had arrived before him. The three hundred point reward was naturally unavailable to him after failing his task.

During an investigation of a young couple’s divorce, he had managed to prepare materials and was close to completion when those two bastards suddenly reconciled! Also, he had forgotten to record the task. Otherwise, the school management or Origin Ability Firm would have been able to claim a reward for him.

One naturally couldn’t obtain a lesson for free. Two hundred task points for a lesson; it was worth it!

Gritting his teeth as he recalled the lesson, Li Xin appeared to grow smarter and accepted a task to hunt a berserk beast. He had contemplated greatly. This time, there wouldn’t be anyone to bring him trouble. Right?

In several instances of battle, a senior would casually take the defeated berserk beast from under his nose with a wave of their sleeves, not even leaving a speck of dust.

Two hundred task points escaped from his grasp once again.

This past month, Li Xin’s journey had been full of ups and downs. It was quite pitiable, but looking at the battle of honor, the generous allocation of task points was able to bring a smile to his face.

“These penny repeaters, wait for this little grandpa to trash you!”

A howling sound could be heard echoing in the natural selection class. Despite receiving blow after blow this entire month, Li Xin’s heart was still very strong!

Jianghe City, Su family.

After understanding the task, Su Hao decided to return and participate. With two days remaining, he had more than enough time to prepare for the competition and return to peak condition.

As he read the tasks for the battle of honor again, Su Hao was surprised. In the task list, there was a task related to berserk beasts and the one who had published the task was none other than the natural selection class.

---------------------

Task name: Capturing berserk beasts

Task requirement: Origin ability of twelve points and above

Star ranking: Two stars

Content: Capture a blue dream butterfly outside of Jianghe City.

Conditions: The gorgeous butterfly may not be damaged. Injuries must be less than ten percent.

Reward: Three hundred task points

-----------------------

“The task was published by the natural selection class and the site is outside of Jianghe City?”

After taking a glance, Su Hao had a general idea of what must have happened. A teacher or leader had probably released such a task due to laziness.

This was not a task from Origin Ability Firm, but the school.

“Interesting, the requirement for origin ability is twelve points or greater. The number of freshmen capable of fulfilling such a prerequisite shouldn’t be too large. Also, there is the condition of a ten percent or lower injury rate. The reward is only three hundred task points.” Su Hao’s brows raised as he calculated feasibility of completing such a task.

In general, this was no ordinary task.

The task points rewarded weren’t bad, but requirements were quite high. To hunt blue dream butterfly was an easy task, but capturing one was another story. Additionally, there was the damage restriction as well as the fact that the destination was outside of Jianghe City. For students in the natural selection class, traveling back and forth would take up a day’s time. A student’s acceptance of this task would hinge on how suitable they were for the job.

Su Hao pondered for a moment. In the end, he still decided to accept the task!

He already planned on returning to class. Plus, he would remain in Janghe City for these two days. This was a simple task, not worth stressing over. In other words, this task wouldn’t delay him nor take up too much time.

Considering the damage restriction, he would have to approach this from pharmaceutical perspective.

Overall, it was possible.

“Shua!”

Su Hao tapped on the virtual screen and accepted the task.

Information concerning the blue dream butterfly quickly appeared in Su Hao’s communication device. Su Hao had a look at the virtual screen and began to carefully study the task.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0079 Blue dream butterfly
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0079 Blue dream butterfly

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

Blue dream butterfly, a type of butterfly which has undergone mutation; loves living within wild forests. Its strength is low, typically around ten origin ability points.

Advantage: Beautiful appearance

Disadvantage: Beautiful appearance

This description was nothing but bullshit. However, the characteristics of blue dream butterflies truly were as listed. Its beautiful appearance was both its greatest strength and its biggest weakness. Many people were willing to capture them as pets, similar to the task which Su Hao had accepted just now.

The blue dream butterfly was a variation of a rather strange butterfly.

Because of its special ability, it had been named the Zhuangzi reincarnation butterfly. It was a butterfly that was capable of reincarnating your dreams, creating an unreal fantasy once you dreamt. It was unknown whether this was true or not, but the blue dream butterfly’s ability was definitely that of hallucination.

The difficulty of capturing it was increased manyfold by its deceptive appearance and terrifying special ability.

“This task doesn’t appear to be easy.” Su Hao thought, “Beautiful? Berserk beasts can be considered beautiful?”

Shua!

A 3D projection of a blue dream butterfly appeared from his communication device. Su Hao took a glance and his face brightened. A sparkling butterfly had appeared in front of him. It was about ten centimeters long, with a translucent green body speckled with blue dots. It was as dazzling as a diamond. For girls, the risk of being captivated was almost one hundred percent!

“This is the blue dream butterfly?”

Su Hao was quite shocked.

Under normal circumstances, a typical butterfly would appear quite appealing. After amplification, however, it left one with a feeling of terror! The dense lines on its body would leave you feeling numb. But this butterfly did not seem to not have such lines. Regardless of the level of magnification, you were capable of viewing its beautifully crafted lines.

This was an interesting task.

Not to mention others, even Su Hao himself wanted one for himself after seeing it. With such beauty, it wouldn’t be a bad idea to admire it during your free time.

However, upon reminding himself of its worth, Su Hao had to give up on this idea of his.

He would rather sell it than keep it for himself!

Three hundred task points, what kind of concept was this!

According to his own estimates which compared task points with star dollars, the gap between the two was a factor of ten thousand. In other words, these three hundred task points had a value of three million star dollars. Of course this was only Su Hao’s estimation, but it wouldn’t stray too far from the truth.

A blue dream butterfly pet would cost you three million?

No, it was far more than that. This was only for its capture! After all, a blue dream butterfly was wild and full of killing intent! After its capture, it needed to be bred for quite a long time to produce offspring. Only its descendants would be able to be kept as pets. This cycle took a long period of time.

A normal butterfly would produce a dozen offspring. However, the blue dream butterfly only produced one offspring at a time making it far more rare!

A wild blue dream butterfly would be worth around two million to three million, but a blue dream butterfly pet was different. If you didn’t have at least thirty million, you couldn’t even dream of owning one. Additionally, there was no standardized price for it.

“Damn!” Su Hao murmured to himself. With his efforts, his family did not lack wealth, but compared to those big families, he was still far off.

Spending tens of millions just to purchase a pet?

Wasn’t this a bit too much?

After he finished reading the information about blue dream butterfly, Su Hao tapped on the map. Above the map, there was a marking indicating the general location of the blue dream butterfly. As for the specifics, Su Hao would have to determine them himself.

He was already clear about the task information. The next issues was actually capturing it.

Su Hao did some research on internet. Due to the extreme value of the blue dream butterfly, there were a multitude of methods shared online concerning its capture.

Unfortunately, most of the methods shared had ended in failure. Even if their strength far exceeded that of the blue dream butterfly, they would only end up confused or perhaps, even dead.

After some investigating, Su Hao learned that in order to capture the blue dream butterfly, he would need a specially made material butterfly net which would prevent it from breaking away.

After visiting a store in Jianghe City to get such a net, Su Hao once again prepared a small crossbow and some anesthetic, departing to the region outside of Jianghe City.

As for his plan, Su Hao had conjured up quite a cruel, yet simple method.

He planned on shooting bolts at the butterfly’s wings, waiting for the anesthesia to take effect before capturing it with the net. It was that simple!

As he headed outside of Jianghe City, Su Hao embarked towards the point on the map. It was further away than the location where he had hunted berserk red jackals in the past. Fortunately, the current Su Hao was nothing like before. He easily travelled into the forest behind.

The first spot. No!

The second spot. No!

The third spot. No!

The map had a total of five marked locations. Su Hao was shocked to find that the first three he had gone to were empty! How could this be? The task had said that these locations were hotspots for the blue dream butterfly. Encountering it might have required some luck, but for all spots to be empty, it was no longer an issue of luck.

Once again on the move, he rushed to the fourth spot. Once again, there was nothing to be seen.

Su Hao looked at the empty woods. Frowning, he squatted down and cleared the leaves on the ground, revealing traces of footprints.

“There is somebody one step ahead of me!”

Su Hao sneered. Under normal circumstances, this type of matter wouldn’t pique his interest. However, this time, this task had been accepted by him. He couldn’t be blamed.

After all, it was three hundred task points!

After taking back all his equipment, Su Hao quickly headed to the last spot. Just like he had predicted, after arriving, he saw a middle aged man with light blue cloth capturing a blue dream butterfly using a net.

The blue dream butterfly didn’t have the power to resist.

Though the online description had stated how cruel and strong the killing intent from the blue dream butterfly was, it was captured as easily as a stationary puppet by the middle aged man.

“There’s a problem!”

Su Hao’s mind became vigilant. He stopped himself from rushing forward any further.

The middle aged man’s skilled maneuver and the strange reaction of the butterfly had raised his awareness towards some issues. From this person’s actions, there was a high probability that he was an expert in catching butterflies.

Fast!

Efficient!

With such a high caliber of ability, it was was incomparable to that of Su Hao, an amateur.

After successfully capturing the butterfly, the middle aged man looked at the blue dream butterfly with satisfaction, “With the blue dream butterfly almost ready, the plan can also start.”

With loud laughter, the middle aged man nonchalantly left.

Su Hao, who had been left behind, felt unwilling.

As for why?

I just wanted to catch a butterfly to complete this task, yet I met with this goddamn f*cker? What are the odds of running into someone with the same task as me? Next time I go out, I’ll have to choose a better day...

Regardless, for Su hao to give up now was not something he would do willingly.

Three hundred task points!

With that sum, he could purchase body forging technique!

He changed his mind. Su Hao had already made a decision in his heart. Looking at the middle aged man, he quietly followed behind.

Passing through some woods along the way, the middle aged man abruptly decided to stop at a cave. After making sure that nobody was in the immediate vicinity, only then did he enter the cave.

Su Hao observed from afar. That was a cave.

This middle aged man lived deep within the forest! If he hadn’t seen him enter with his own eyes, he never would’ve guessed that there was such a place here. After all, it was just a hole that lay under some grass. These types of places were abundant within mountains.

Su Hao slowly moved towards the hole. With a quick glance, he saw that the middle aged man had already disappeared around a corner. Once again, he dashed forward, following the man’s path.

The cave wasn’t small, with the occasional drop of water falling from its roof.

Su Hao’s figure was quick and agile. His three hundred points of physical fitness, played a very important role this time around. With four to five forks, this cave seemed to be endless.

Su Hao frowned. What sort of place is this?

After entering another turn, Su Hao skillfully tagged along. He stole a glance from around the corner, becoming terrified at what he had seen. Instantly retreating, he quickly hid in a corner.

“Damn!”

Su Hao was in a state of panic.

What had he seen?

The last section of this path, via his route, ended sharply. At first, he had thought that this was a simple cave, with the middle aged man capturing a bunch of blue dream butterflies for selling. He would have never predicted what actually lay at the end of this path.

What he had seen turned out to be a huge underground laboratory!

Su Hao had taken just a quick look and he had already estimated that it was larger than one thousand square meters. His quick glance hadn’t been enough to see how large it truly was. In the laboratory, there existed countless amounts of experimental equipment. Each blue dream butterfly was clipped onto an instrument. They appeared to have been injected with something and had strange energy rays wrapped around them.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0080 Weird thing
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0080 Weird thing

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“What is all of this...?”

Su Hao swallowed some saliva. He was fairly sure that he had seen something he shouldn’t have.

It was possible that this might’ve been a company which, in order to solve issue of the blue dream butterfly’s increasing demand, had conducted some research. Based on the price of blue dream butterfly, the value of the hundreds of thousands of blue dream butterflies here was an exorbitant figure! If this information had not been released to the public, yet had been discovered by Su Hao, one could only imagine the extent to which the company would go to in order to eradicate the source of any leaks.

“It seems like I picked a terrible day here.”

Su Hao cursed himself. There were two guards keeping watch near the front gate of the laboratory. Although he couldn’t see their actual strength, the aura they emitted was at least that of fifteen origin ability points!

Such levels of strength were definitely out of Su Hao’s league.

Not to mention the fact that others were still within the laboratory.

Retreat!

Su Hao wasn’t hesitant in his decision to leave!

With such secretive activities going on, it would be best to avoid getting involved if possible. Su Hao was fairly confident that once they had discovered his presence, they would chase him to the ends of the Earth.

Fortunately, when Su Hao had taken his peek, the two guards had been preoccupied with opening the gate for the middle aged man. Otherwise, they might’ve noticed him.

Inhaling a deep breath, Su Hao slowly made his way towards the exit, trying his best to avoid any unnecessary noise.

Three hundred task points, this brother doesn’t want them anymore!

However, Su Hao never expected that after turning a corner in his retreat, he would encounter something that would make his body stiffen. His eyes wide open, Su Hao stared in disbelief. In front of him, a blue dream butterfly was carefully making its way along the path. It didn’t dare use its wings to propel itself through the air. Upon seeing Su Hao, it was also astonished, its tiny eyes widening in apprehension.

“What the f***! A blue dream butterfly?”

Su Hao felt like he was in a dream. How could there possibly be a blue dream butterfly here?

He felt an intense urge to capture the blue dream butterfly in front of him, but he was well aware of how foolish that would be.

He was still located inside the cave. Once there was any hint of trouble, the two guards around the corner would make their way here. The instant they arrived, he’d surely be on the receiving end of whatever torture they could come up with.

What terrible luck!

Su Hao’s only hope was for this blue dream butterfly to quietly fly away.

Su Hao remained motionless in the same spot. What surprised him though, was that the blue dream butterfly opposite him had mirrored his actions. It lay motionless, having attached itself to the cave wall without a single noise.

“...”

Don’t tell me this guy has also realized the dangers of this place and decided not to move?

This absurd idea flashed within Su Hao’s mind. As he was looking at the blue dream butterfly, it glanced at him for a short moment, before looking at the corner and rustling its wings a bit.

Su Hao’s stress caused him to swallow his saliva in anticipation. Oh, ancestor butterfly, you can’t make a move at this point!

To his surprise, the blue dream butterfly’s wings only moved the slightest fraction, pointing towards the hole outside.

“.....”

He had seen a ghost!

Su Hao quickly calmed his beating heart. Mirroring the butterfly’s action, he also pointed at the hole outside, prompting a nod from the butterfly.

“...”

Madness!

This world had become mad!

Su Hao could no longer hold his calm. Was this really a blue dream butterfly? How could it understand human language? Su Hao felt that the way he viewed the world had been completely overthrown!

Big eyes on small eyes.

With both human and butterfly gazing at each other, Su Hao slowly extended his hand while facing the blue dream butterfly.

It seemed to hesitate for a moment, but after considering the current state of events, it gently landed in Su Hao’s palm.

Su Hao held his breath and he silently crawled towards the cave’s exterior.

After a short while, he finally reached its exit. .

Only then did Su Hao allow himself to release a sigh of relief. He had finally come out!

Looking at the blue dream butterfly on his hand, he subconsciously tried to capture it.

“Puleng!”

The blue dream butterfly suddenly flew away from him. After escaping from the hole, it no longer listened to Su Hao and gave him an angry stare. Obviously, it was furious at Su Hao for betraying it.

“Keke.”

Su Hao let out a hoarse cough. His actions a moment ago were indeed rude, but it was just a special little butterfly! Stop being such a bother!

Looking at the blue dream butterfly which had bared its fangs, Su Hao curled his lip. Considering this brat’s degree of deviousness, his task points would most likely fly away.

“Haix, my 300 task points!”

Su Hao helplessly sighed and headed outside. Remaining in front of the enemy’s base would not be the wisest decision.

A few minutes later, Su Hao had managed to distance him from the entrance to the cave.

This task had been full of bad luck for him.

What else would you call stumbling upon a master butterfly hunter, encountering a group of people involved in confidential experiments, and running into a blue dream butterfly that understood human language? Wait, hold on. A blue dream butterfly?

Su Hao suddenly turned his head. A blue dream butterfly was floating in the air, following him closely.

Noticing Su Hao turning around, the blue dream butterfly was shocked for a moment, before distancing itself from Su Hao. Su Hao’s mouth twitched. As he walked a few steps forward, the blue dream butterfly followed along. Once Su Hao turned back, it quickly fled, putting distance between the two.

“Damn you...”

Su Hao surrendered, “Alright, you win. I will not catch you. Are you still not satisfied? Why are you still following me?”

The blue dream butterfly appeared to hesitate for a moment before flying in front of Su hao. If Su Hao made a single move, it was still capable of escaping at a moment’s notice.

“Tell me. Why’re you following me?” Su Hao stared at this little butterfly as if there was nothing unusual about asking a butterfly a question.

After having not received a response for some time, only then did he realize that butterflies were incapable of speech.

In fact, Su Hao already felt as if he was going insane. In what way did this thing act like a butterfly? It had already followed Su Hao since the beginning. He was certain that when he had entered the cave, this butterfly had been quietly tagging along. When he had turned back and caught the butterfly red handed, only then did it show signs of embarrassment.

“Pu pu!”

The blue dream butterfly flapped its wings a few times. The leaves on the ground were blown away, revealing the bare land.

Then the blue dream butterfly flew off to the side, before returning with a small branch. It then drew something on the land.

Su Hao: “.........”

Alright!

Since it could understood language, the fact that it could write wasn’t surprising.

At least the very least, it couldn’t speak. Su Hao comforted himself with this thought.

The blue dream butterfly wrote for quite some time before finishing. Its little wings appeared fatigued and the branch was thrown to the ground. Su Hao looked down. There was only one word, a messily scrawled “save”.

“Save, save life?” Su Hao repeated, “You mean, you want me to save them?”

Shua!

The blue dream butterfly quickly flew upwards and nodded as hard as it could in front of Su Hao.

“I don’t dare!”

Su Hao refused without hesitation.

This was no joke! What was the strength of the enemy? Those two gatekeepers were already at least fifteen points in origin ability. With such strength, a slap from them would be enough to kill him. Also, in this world, there existed an incredible number of blue dream butterflies which were captured and kept as pets. If he were to save each and every one of them, wouldn’t be die from exhaustion?

The blue dream butterfly looked at him with a pitiful expression.

Su Hao said without any reservation, “Don’t look at me like that! Also, don’t try to use your ability to confuse me. If I say I won’t, it means I won’t! For what reason must I go and save them? Also, did you know that my task is to capture a blue dream butterfly? If you, you had best believe I will capture you!”

The last sentence was clearly most threatening. The blue dream butterfly was scared, retreating backwards. Seeing that Su Hao didn’t react, it realized that it had been deceived by Su Hao. With both wings curled together, it tried to act as pitiful as possible.

Su Hao didn’t pay attention towards this and turned away.

“Puleng!”

Again, the blue dream butterfly flew before him.

Shua!

Su Hao decisively captured it and pinched its two little wings. This time, the blue dream butterfly was in full blown panic and struggled very hard.

Su Hao coldly laughed, “If you keep struggling, do you believe that I would crush you flat or not?”

The blue dream butterfly earnestly moved within Su Hao’s palm.

“You want to write?” Su Hao was puzzled.

The blue dream butterfly nodded and wrote a few words on Su Hao’s palm. Su Hao paid attention to the stokes. It was three words, “Not the same.”

“What’s not the same?” Su Hao was puzzled, “You’re saying I’m different from those people? Or are you trying to say that the ones which get caught are not the same?”

The blue dream butterfly nodded. Then, pondering for a few moment, it nodded again.

Su Hao frowned, “Both not the same? To say that I’m different from those people, I could understand. But what does you mean that those getting caught are not the same?”

The blue dream butterfly began to write again. Su Hao had already stopped restraining it long ago. However, this brat seemed to know Su Hao that wouldn’t injure it and had escaped from his palm.

One man and one butterfly. They began to communicate with each other while squatting by the grass.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 81 The mastermind behind the plot
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 81 The mastermind behind the plot

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“This is taking too long!”

The blue dream butterfly’s writing speed was far too slow. The process was wearing Su Hao’s patience thin. Looking at the state of this blue dream butterfly, however, today would definitely be a day to remember.

If it followed him back to Jianghe City, it would bring countless difficulties!

Su Hao activated his virtual screen, selecting a virtual writing software.

With a swipe of his hand, a holographic keyboard appeared in the air. While looking at the blue dream butterfly, he questioned, “Can you type?”

The blue dream butterfly shook its head.

“I thought you were a genius?” Su Hao muttered with disdain. He closed the holographic keyboard and changed to a form of input writing. With a swipe of one’s fingers, strokes would remain on screen, prompting character suggestions.

“You should be able to write using this, right?”

The blue dream butterfly nodded.

It flew from his palm towards the virtual screen.

At this moment, Su Hao had a sudden realization. This little brat’s origin ability was ten points! Its strength wasn’t weak at all. It exuded a majestic aura as it flew through the air this time around.

On the virtual screen, rows of characters appeared in rapid fashion. Compared to Su Hao, its typing speed was even quicker!

“Blue dream butterflies don’t mind being treated as a pet. Compared to the outside world which is full of danger, it is far more comfortable and safe being a pet. However, those people aren’t the same. They catch blue dream butterflies for the purpose of harm”

“Harm?” Su Hao was puzzled. How did they harm?

The blue dream butterfly continued to write, “They obtain control of blue dream butterflies and sell them to the misses of large families. Then, they control those misses.”

“...!” Su Hao was shocked, “You mean that dark energy...”

“Yes.” The blue dream butterfly replied. “I don’t know what ability it is, but it is capable of controlling people like a puppet. Those blue dream butterflies were caught in a similar fashion.”

Su Hao was bewildered.

Thinking back to the laboratory and the dark energy that laid within, Su Hao didn’t doubt the blue dream butterfly’s words. Additionally, when that middle aged man had caught the butterfly, he had felt a peculiar sensation at the time.

However, he hadn’t put too much thought into it. He had only felt as if there were some minor issues.

Now, it appeared that they were not minor issues, but major ones!

The laboratory was not for the purpose of a company’s technological research, but to study how to control blue dream butterflies. Afterwards, they would be able to infiltrate and control people who purchased blue dream butterflies.

Of those who could afford blue dream butterflies, were any of them were not exorbitantly wealthy?

Once those misses were under control, it was very likely that things would escalate. Perhaps, even the boss of a company or the chairman of a group would fall under their control.

At that time, the entirety of Jianghe City would become a world of ambition!

When that time arrived, the residents of Jianghe City would suffer along with those large families. Who knows what those madmen in power would do?

His friends and family still remained.

This matter must come to an end!

Su Hao pondered for quite some time and then nodded as he looked at the blue dream butterfly, “I will save them, but the problem consists of how to do so. I am already far weaker than those gatekeepers.”

The blue dream swayed a few times before writing again.

“Request help!”

“Of course we need help, but who we could possibly ask is the question here.” Su Hao bitterly smiled, “With such a big laboratory, there must be someone behind them! In that case, we’re simply offering ourselves to the tiger’s den. Won’t we have a miserable end?”

There was a moment of silence.

Su Hao didn’t know who to believe in!

Chen Yiran, he believed in! Zhou Wang was also someone trustworthy.

However, the Chen and Zhou families were not forces he could place his trust in. What if those families were involved? For those families at the top, something like this was normal.

Despite Jianghe City’s size, he couldn’t find anyone to help!

If Su Hao reported this matter, he’d be taking a gamble.

To gamble on either Chen Yiran or Zhou Wang’s father involvement in this matter...He would be placing his life in the hands of others. Once he hit the muzzle of gun, he dared not imagine how he would die.

“Since I can’t find anyone to help, I will act on my own!” Su Hao sneered. He wasn’t stupid enough to gamble with his future.

“Hey, little brat. If I get rid of these people, would it save those blue dream butterflies?” Su Hao looked at the blue dream butterfly and asked.

“En, as long as the one with the origin ability dies, their control will be lifted.” wrote the blue dream butterfly.

“Really...”

A crazed look could be seen in Su Hao’s eyes, “Since you want to destroy Jianghe City, I will destroy you first!”

The blue dream butterfly blinked its eyes as it stared at Su Hao. After noticing Su Hao’s gaze was directed at it, it became alert. As it was about to retreat, its wings were pinched together by Su Hao once again.

“Little brat, you want to save your people right?” Su Hao asked with a sinister smile.

The blue dream butterfly nodded its head.

“Good then.” Su Hao laughed, “Let’s see. If I was to go, it would be too big of a movement to remain unnoticed. You will help me go and take a look at whether it is safe. As long as nobody is patrolling, we are free to act.”

The blue dream butterfly made a long face. In the end, under threat from Su Hao, it rushed into the hole with a dauntless spirit. A minute later, the blue dream butterfly quietly returned.

“How is it?”

“Nobody is exiting. There are only two guards watching the door.” The blue dream butterfly wrote.

“Good, wait for me here.” Su Hao quietly slipped into the cave until he reached the last bend. If he was to look around the corner, he would be able to see both the two guards and the laboratory.

It wasn’t the wisest idea to stick your neck out in this type of situation.

Communication device, start!

A virtual screen popped out. Hidden investigation, activate!

Shua!

From the top of the small communication device, a needle-like object appeared. If you were to observe it closely, it was actually a tiny camera installed on the communication device. This time, however, it protruded out of the device’s body. With such slim body, you wouldn’t notice it unless you were looking for it.

Who would pay attention to such a trivial object from more than ten meters away?

Su slowly extended his right hand and operated the needle-like camera to spy around the corner. The laboratory door appeared in front of Su Hao’s vision.

Two armed guards were standing in front of the door. Behind them was the automatic glass door. It was made of a special glass that was harder than most titanium alloys. Su Hao estimated that if this door was to sealed, he was incapable to breaking it open.

Through the glass door, he had already seen the scene consisting of blue dream butterflies surrounded by an dark energy. In the laboratory, there were people wearing white coats along with the middle aged man who captured the blue dream butterfly.

“Model analysis, start!”

“Hong!”

At this moment, the terrifying consumption of origin ability energy began once again. Even after the increase from beginner origin ability transition technique, his gas tank had nearly emptied itself.

Although terrain modeling only created a temporary model, with such a large area, the energy consumption was increased by a large margin.

Before, the ghost castle had been enough to drain nearly all of Su hao’s energy despite his mastery of advanced origin ability cultivation technique. Currently, even after upgrading his energy capacity, he was unable to accommodate the consumption of the laboratory.

One second!

A perfect model of the laboratory appeared within his mind. The exquisite experimental tools, the corners of each path, and the position of each blue dream butterfly came into view.

Two seconds!

Su Hao carefully analyzed the separate rooms in the laboratory. He took notice of which rooms belonged to the common staff, the one that belonged to the middle aged man, and even the placement of objects within those rooms.

Three seconds!

Su Hao then analyzed the path to the laboratory, determining the fastest path to both infiltrate and escape.

“Kacha!”

The model in his mind collapsed. Three seconds. With Su Hao’s current ability, he could only support the model for a duration of three seconds! This wasn’t even a permanent model, just a temporary one! The energy consumption of terrain modeling was no joke.

However, for Su Hao, three seconds was enough!

He quietly exited the cave and greeted the blue dream butterfly, returning to Jianghe City. Of course, when they entered the urban area, Su Hao hid it within his pocket until when nobody was around.

“WHat did we come back for?” The blue dream butterfly wrote in anger.

Su Hao replied, “I need to buy something.”

“Buy what?” The blue dream butterfly felt strange.

“A bomb.” Su Hao smiled sinisterly.

“!!!” The blue dream butterfly was obviously frightened. It was stunned for a few seconds, before quickly reacting and writing, “No! Absolutely not! My people are still inside. Once the bomb explodes, everyone will die!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0082 Deploying bomb
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0082 Deploying bomb

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“Hush!”

Su Hao gave the blue dream butterfly some time to calm down. Although it was incapable of speaking, once it had been angered, its tantrum was like a tornado.

“Rest assured, I have a plan.” Su Hao attempted to comfort it before heading to a grocery store in Jianghe City to buy large amounts of supplies. Afterwards, he travelled to his master’s pharmacy store.

Though the pharmacy store was closed, that didn’t prevent Su Hao from taking items. Since Zhang Zhongtian had accepted him as a disciple, his information had naturally been added to the security system, allowing him to come and go as he pleased.

After taking large quantities of items unavailable on the market, Su Hao was finally able to complete his item gathering.

A total of twenty materials varying from liquids, solids, and gases were included.

Even Su Hao felt that he was being quite reckless. As he thought about the twenty materials he had taken, his mouth turned dry. He was extremely clear about what type of terrifying existence would be created once these materials were put together.

“What’re you trying to do?” The blue dream butterfly wrote.

Su Hao licked his lips, “Origin ability liquid bomb.”

The blue dream butterfly’s little eyes opened wide. Origin ability liquid bomb...

The phrase liquid bomb referred to a flammable chemical liquid which was placed in a special container containing an explosive device. As for a origin ability liquid bomb, it integrated the deployment of origin abilities with a liquid bomb, increasing the explosive force by several fold.

With just one origin ability liquid bomb, like a stone thrown into a calm lake, the origin ability would spread into its surroundings like a ripple of water. Such powerful lethality was hard to imagine.

Compared to ordinary explosives, the origin ability liquid bomb had one major drawback, which was the radius of the explosion. Usually, the explosion would only have a circumference of one meter! As long as you remained outside that distance, you would be capable of avoiding any damage from the bomb. This time, however, such a defect was advantageous for Su Hao.

Those blue dream butterflies which were placed on top of experiment tables? The height was exactly 1.4 meters. Thus, the liquid bomb would leave them unscathed while simultaneously catching everyone inside in one fell swoop.

If any teachers were to discover that Su Hao was producing an origin ability liquid bomb, they would definitely become irate.

Although textbooks contained some related details, they were intended to teach students how to evade such an attack, not to craft one!

There were a total of two hundred points in the theoretical basics course, which included all sorts of basic information. They were intended for student’s future battles and survival. As for Su Hao, who had scored the highest in theoretical basics, he had the tendency to remember everything he came across. This naturally included things outside of the syllabus, such as the recipe for origin ability liquid bombs.

To make an origin ability liquid bomb, exactly twenty materials are needed. Half of the materials could be found in ordinary market for hundreds of thousand star dollars. As for the other half, which consisted of rare materials, they were worth more than three million star dollars. When Su Hao had arrived at the pharmacy shop for the first time, he had noticed that such rare materials were not uncommon at all in Zhang Zhongtian’s store.

For one origin ability liquid bomb, the materials alone amounted to four million star dollars. Also, for mixtures containing twenty materials, the level of difficulty in producing them was no joke. The failure rate was extremely high! Upon failure, there was a high chance for an explosion to occur, killing any nearby people.

That was why the market price for a single origin ability liquid bomb was greater than fifty million star dollars!

“Scary!”

The blue dream butterfly’s little wings fluttered for a few seconds, as it fled to a higher elevation.

At this point, it had thoughts that perhaps the actual villain was not those bastards in the laboratory, but the simple looking boy in front of it. Using an origin ability bomb, what type of madness was this?

What had truly frightened it was the fact that Su Hao was daring enough to carry out his experiment here!

Had he not considered the consequences if he failed?

With no protective measures prepared, if he failed, the repercussions would be severe.

A successful origin ability bomb would have a controlled explosion, but a failure? What type of explosion would it lead to? The blue dream butterfly was extremely worried for its future.

Should I just give up in saving them?

At this time, how could Su Hao be mindful about the concerns the blue dream butterfly had? All the had already been set up in front of him. He was ready to begin.

“Gudong!”

“Gudong!”

Bottles after bottle of beginner origin ability restoration drug was poured into his mouth. The energy within Su Hao’s body was quickly restored to full. He stared at the materials prepared in front of him before starting.

Model experiment, start!

“Hong!”

His mind space became blank. Twenty materials quickly appeared within his mind.

Compared to terrain modelling, the consumption of these materials was almost negligible. Once again, he began the grand experiment.

Based on the memories within his mind, Su Hao adjusted the configuration countless times.

Despite this, during the first trial, a large scale explosion occurred after integrating just five materials.

On the second attempt, he improved slightly, failing once the seventh material had been added.

The third time...

The fourth time...

...

The tenth time around, an explosion occurred when he mixed in the fifteenth material.

...

During his twentieth attempt, it exploded after adding the nineteenth material.

...

Su Hao became angry upon noticing some errors that would take awhile to fix. He was stuck at the nineteenth material and could no longer proceed.

The simulation consumption for Su Hao wasn’t huge, but after dozens of experiments, his origin ability energy had been bottomed out several times! He had drunk every available energy recovery drug and the origin ability liquid bomb was still nowhere to be seen.

“Damn it!”

Su Hao was brimming in anger. Is it that difficult? I thought there was a ten percent success rate?

However, Su Hao had completely ignored the fact that the ten percent success rate was for skilled bomb experts. He was still merely a novice student!

“Continue!”

Su Hao bought a number of materials for beginner origin ability recovery drug. One hundred thousand star dollars vanished in the blink of an eye. Su Hao immediately made himself twenty bottles of beginner origin ability recovery drug.

His success rate was one hundred percent!

After several days of perseverance, he was now proficient to the point where he could identify herbs through a simple touch. Even without using his origin ability, Su Hao was still capable of success.

As for any strange herbs...model analysis, go!

After several more rounds of experimentation, he once again had nothing to show for his efforts.

Su Hao was already numb towards failure.

Once again, upon placing the nineteenth material into the mixture, there was no reaction. Su Hao dropped the last material inside, with no reaction yet again.

“I failed again!” Su Hao waved his hand and the models vanished, “Oh almighty origin ability bomb. I have finished, but there was no reaction. How many more times must I fail?”

Hey, this wasn’t right!

Su Hao suddenly reacted. Just now, it seemed like there was no reaction from both the nineteenth and twentieth material. Additionally, there was no explosion?

Su Hao was shocked. Hadn’t he succeeded?

He had repeated the experiment so many times that he had gone retarded. Well, this was still just a simulation. He recalled the feeling from before and tried to remember every single detail.

A new experiment began once again.

For three successive tries, he succeeded!

When Su Hao finished, he detonated the origin ability liquid bomb within his mind. The power was indeed extraordinary. However, no matter how extraordinary it was, the damage was still limited to a radius of one meter.

Within ten meters, a normal liquid bomb would be most effective!

For distances greater than ten meters, the role of dynamite would have already weakened. Besides explosive forces of enormous proportions, origin ability would remain the most lethal option. With the ability to ignore both position and barriers, anyone would receive direct origin ability damage within one hundred meters.

After completing several experiments, Su Hao looked at the pitiful amount of energy within his body and the several bottles of recovery drug beside him. Finally, he decided; experiment, start!

While Su Hao was seriously engaged in experimenting, the blue dream butterfly was worried once again.

Don’t tell me that he really is mad? In its eyes, Su Hao had bought a pile of materials and jstared at them for half a day. During this period, he had kept refilling on bottles of recovery drug and hadn’t started any experiments.

Afterwards, Su Hao had gone out to buy herbs to make more bottles of recovery drug. Once again, he had consumed the drugs and continued dazing...

Inexplicably, the blue dream butterfly was deeply worried by the current series of events.

As it was musing, it noticed Su Hao begin to act.

It saw Su Hao skillfully divide each material in front and begin to mix them. First material, second material, third material added...

Countless of materials capable of exploding the room were thrown in by Su Hao without any hesitation. Feeling scared, the blue dream butterfly flew even higher.

This madman... Was he making a snack or a bomb!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0083 Mysterious organization
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0083 Mysterious organization

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

One material, two materials, three materials...

The blue dream butterfly stared with its eyes wide open. Let alone explode, the terrifying origin ability liquid bomb hadn’t exposed a single trace of foam from start to finish.

When all twenty materials were mixed together, Su Hao poured the final product into a round container. Bomb successfully created!

“Hu”

Su Hao released a sigh of relief. He had finally completed it!

An origin ability liquid bomb!

It was a round, transparent piece of glassware, a mere five centimeters in size. The glassware contained a crystal clear blue liquid, which reflected even rays of light, sparkling like a diamond. Who could guess that such a tiny bottle of liquid could produce such terrifying lethality?

As for the method of activation, you simply had to shake it vigorously. Three seconds later, the liquid inside would react, creating a powerful explosion.

Su Hao carefully stored the bomb away.

Today, there wasn’t any possibility of going out. Although the sun still shone in the sky, it was mere hours from setting. Additionally, Janghe City was quite far from the laboratory. Su Hao estimated that once he arrived, the sky would have turned dark.

“It seems that I can only act tomorrow.”

Su Hao also thought of using this entire night to improve his current plan. After all, nothing could be allowed to go wrong.

His general plan was to rush into the laboratory tomorrow and drop the bomb, killing everyone inside. He would then rescue all the butterflies. What would he do after that?

Once the enemy was alerted of his actions, they would certainly investigate!

Although Su Hao was very cautious, he couldn’t deny that various strange abilities existed in the world. If even a single clue was discovered, it would be extremely troublesome for him. Such a scenario was not something which he could tolerate.

This is not a joke. This brother here is trying his best to save Jianghe City and its people from pits of fire. In the end, do I really have to shoulder any ensuing trouble by myself?

Never!

Su Hao would never involve himself in any matter which could backfire on him. If he wanted to act, he had to ensure that his plan was foolproof.

No matter what kind of organization was behind this, he mustn’t allow them any time to investigate! Su Hao thought for a moment and came to a resolute decision. Exposure!

He would expose everything! What era was it? It was the era of origin ability!

The internet’s level of development had reached unprecedented levels. As long as something was uploaded to the internet, it would be impossible to stop it from being spread! However, Su Hao was fairly sure that most major families would be monitoring the internet with a large degree of precision, detecting any sensitive vocabulary. After this matter had been exposed, such people would be extremely busy.

However, determining when and where to best expose this matter required a deeper understanding.

Su Hao looked to the left and right of his room, his gaze ultimately coming to rest on a storage room. It contained items which his family either weren’t or couldn’t use at the moment.

“Ka!”

Su Hao opened the door to the storage room. Countless specks of dust hovered in the air. It seemed like nobody had visited this place in quite awhile.

The blue dream butterfly which had just arrived at the scene was covered in dust. Such a bad sensation caused it to hover aimlessly in the air. Su Hao, who found this scene rather humorous, pinched its wings and placed it on top of a nearby cabinet.

The size of the room was not even ten square meters. It couldn’t be considered big nor small. A variety of things were displayed here. What caught the most attention was the steel armor placed in the centre.

Iron man!

There was a time where Su Hao had noticed his lack of progress. He placed all of his hope in technology and iron man was, without a doubt, one of the best!

Su Hao was obsessed and had even bought a set of armor. Unfortunately, after more investigation and research, he was discouraged by price tag of tens of billions star dollars!

Wasn’t he trying to become strong so he could protect his family and allow them to live freely? If he had tens of billions star dollars, why was there a need for such armor? Su Hao had abandoned this idea without any hesitation.

As he recalled the now fond memories, he thought that the previous him was extremely funny, both young and immature.

Why couldn’t he wear this tomorrow?

Not only would he hide his identity, he could even shock the whole world! This set of armors covered his entire body. After putting some more thought into it, Su Hao gave up on this ridiculous idea though.

Too heavy!

This was not a titanium alloy or legendary metal, it was just ordinary iron. If he were to wear this armor, not only would he tire easily, but it would limit his mobility.

This wasn’t surprising to Su Hao. After all, he only spent five hundred star dollars on it. What could you possibly expect from such a cheap item?

As he continued to look around for a moment, he spotted quite a large number of clothes. However, they were either school uniforms discarded by him and Su Ling, or his father’s clothes from long ago. If Su Hao was to wear any of these, he would identified quite easily.

“It isn’t good when technology advances too quickly either.” Su Hao complained.

As he prepared to close the closet, Su Hao was suddenly startled. This wardrobe was a standing type. The region above was generally for hanging clothes while the bottom section was for neatly folded clothes. However, in the bottom section, there was a wooden box.

Su Hao took it out and had a look. The surface had been enveloped by dust.

“What is this?”

Su Hao opened it to discover his dad’s work certificate, that of a martial arts trainer. At the bottom, there was an uniform. It was the most common martial arts clothing which could be found at street vendors.

However, after he removed the training clothes, Su Hao discovered a white cloth.

He quickly noticed it wasn’t the same material. It was incredibly smooth to the touch. The material was obviously that of an extremely high quantity, with an appropriate price tag to accompany it. As he removed the entire white cloth, he was shocked.

Instead of calling it a cloth, it would be more accurate to call it a robe.

With an uncommon design and the cape to accompany it, Su Hao thought of a game he had played before, Assassin’s Creed.

Although the style was completely different, the overall shape was pretty similar.

“This material...”

Su Hao suddenly grabbed a sharp item and stabbed down. The cloth remained unscathed.

Sure enough!

An indescribable look could be seen within Su Hao’s eyes. Heaven’s natural silk...A type of silkworm which had undergone mutation produced this silk. It was both soft and nearly indestructible, but incredibly expensive! Later on, the government had begun to hunt down the silkworms in order to domesticate them. It was nearly impossible to stumble upon them in the wild.

The amount of people qualified to make heaven’s natural silk clothes were small in number. It was an exaggeration to say that once you sold this clothing, you would be one of the richest and most influential people in Jianghe City.

“What is going on? How could dad have such clothing?”

Su Hao’s facial expression was miserable at the moment. As he flipped the gorgeous cloth back and forth, he finally discovered a small serial code. Located at the lower right back of the cloth was a printed serial, K82031.

“There is a number series which mean it is standardized!”

“This heaven’s natural silk, it must have belonged to the government!”

“I’ve never heard of it, thus this must be confidential!”

“This cloth must have come from a mysterious organization formed by government. They perform highly confidential tasks and thus, require heaven’s natural silk cloth. Most likely to protect their safety.”

With these clues, Su Hao was able to analyze some information. Although what he deduced was little, it was already enough to shock Su Hao.

His usual impression of his dad was that of a father who loved his children so much, that he would play the fool. After seeing this, however, it was enough to change his view. Coupled with the fact that his mother, Li Xiaorui, had given him the black box, Su Hao felt that something was definitely odd.

Father’s car accident...

The mysterious black box...

This gorgeous standardized robe...

As more clues appeared, it was enough to change Su Hao’s understanding, simultaneously stirring disbelief in his mind. The blue dream butterfly could feel the unusual atmosphere and quietly lay on his shoulder.

Su Hao sighed, “Once I am in Zhanzheng College, will I finally get an answer?”

Dad, who are you exactly?

Are you really just an ordinary martial arts coach?

Zhanzheng College, I will definitely find the answer there!

Su Hao’s goal had never changed!

For such a long time, Su Hao’s mediocre talent had now become extraordinary.

After calming himself down, Su Hao shook off the dust on the cloth before returning it, “Unfortunately, there is a serial number on top. Otherwise, it would be perfect for concealing my identity.”

Hearing this, the blue dream butterfly suddenly flew up and landed on the cloth.

He could see the fluttering wings of the blue dream butterfly at the lower right corner of the cloth where the golden serial number was placed. As it gently waved its wings, numerous blue breezes appeared with slivers of energy flashes. The lines of golden thread were completely removed and the heaven’s natural silk instantly tightened. No traces of tampering could be seen.

A cloth without a serial number was born!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0084 Finding some troubles for Sun family
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0084 Finding some troubles for Sun family

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“Wow, you even know how to do this?”

Su Hao was stunned. This little guy was obviously not an ordinary blue dream butterfly. It not only knew how to write and communicate, but possessed a lot of magical abilities. Excluding the ability to speak, it knew more that an ordinary human would! Now, it had even become a part-time tailor.

This could not be explained by science!

The ability to communicate could be considered a side effect of mutation. Its confusion techniques were part of its origin ability, but its capacity to write was definitely unnatural.

Also, this brat was capable of calmly communicating with humans, as if no language barrier was present.

It knew about Jianghe City and the major families. It even knew what heaven’s natural silk was. Of course, knowledge of the origin ability liquid bomb was also included. Most of the time when Su Hao had communicated with it, he had subconsciously ignored its real identity, treating it as another human being.

What exactly is this brat?

Su Hao was puzzled.

As he watched the little guy attentively remove the golden thread, Su Hao cast out any doubt in his heart. No matter what its true identity was, they were currently on the same side.

Once the thread was completely extracted, it was pinched into a lump. Although he had never seen it before, its rarity was definitely not inferior to that of the heaven’s natural silk.

Shua!

Shua!

Su Hao tossed the robe over his clothing. While wearing the white robe, his stature was completely hidden. As Su Hao put on the cape, a trace of origin ability flashed. Su Hao’s face became blurred.

Via a mirror, Su Hao was able to view his current appearance.

He couldn’t see his stature nor face! Although he lifted his head, he still wasn’t capable of seeing his face, despite being a mere meter from the mirror.

Shua!

Su Hao removed the cape and the clear image of a face appeared in the mirror once again.

Shua!

With the cape re-equipped, his face became a blur.

“He!”

Su Hao exclaimed as he looked at the blue dream butterfly beside him, “How is it? Do I look straight out of Assassin’s Creed?”

The blue dream butterfly nodded earnestly.

“This cloth...” Su Hao squinted his eyes. A cold gaze flashed by. This entire time, he had always felt worried whenever he was doing something.

His identity!

His home!

His sister Su Ling and Li Xiaorui, his mother!

He had too many things to worry about!

Love was all about being reckless and impulsive, but Su Hao didn’t have such luxuries. He could do something for Chen Yiran, but his bottom line consisted of his family. No matter what he planned on doing, he always considered the safety and well-being of his family first and foremost.

When Sun Yaotian had bullied him, he endured!

Despite Sun Yaotian always disturbing Chen Yiran, he could only tolerate it!

The arranged marriage between Sun and Chen families, he could only endure!

When Sun Yaotian had attempted to mess with him in the police station, he could only use Li Jun as an outlet for his anger. Su Hao was very aware that Sun Yaotian was not someone he could touch. Sun Yaotian carried the hopes of the Sun family. If any tragedies were to befall Sun Yaotian, the Sun family would become a mad dog, destroying Su Hao’s family. This was not something he could ever tolerate.

But this time, the appearance of this cloth had made Su Hao incredibly excited.

To be beaten without retaliating was not his style. Suppressing one’s anger for such a long period of time could lead to disastrous consequences. SInce the problem of concealing his identity had been solved, he had a golden opportunity to strike back!

In a bright and open space, he dared not provoke Sun family.

However, didn’t Sun Yaotian love acting in dark? He could act in dark too! By using this cloth to hide his true identity, it would be much easier to carry out the many things which he wished to do. After all, there were many matters he had yet to resolve...Haven’t you heard this line before?

Never offend a bookworm!

If he ever reached a moment where he had to struggle between life and death, Su Hao would let Sun family discover that he had seen many things he shouldn’t have. His vast knowledge in theoretical basics was only an inkling of what he was capable of. As for the rescue of the blue dream butterflies, it was simply for the purpose of obtaining task points. The Sun family’s hands would be full shortly afterwards.

Sun Yaotian always found opportunity to give him trouble. He now had the chance to return the favor.

The blue dream butterfly had been lying on the shoulder of Su Hao. Looking at his sinister smile, its body unknowingly shook in fear. It wondered which unlucky fellow Su Hao had his eye on.

In the morning, the sky had yet to brighten.

Jianghe City, an Internet cafe.

Within one of the rooms, a teenager who was struggling to stay awake left. After being awake for the entire night, he had long ago exceeded his limit and wished for nothing but a good night’s sleep.

Suddenly, a white silhouette flashed by, appearing in the room.

That flash of white was none other than Su Hao.

Looking at the game on the monitor, Su Hao smiled indifferently. He quickly finished up and sent a message to management. He left a sum of one hundred star dollars before leaving the room.

After a few moments, the person in charge arrived.

“Strange, where is the patron?” The staff had some doubts before noticing several characters on the screen monitor. Idle leveling character for 24 hours, do not disturb.

On the table, there a hundred star dollars.

“Huh, it must be that brat again.” The guy in charge shook his head. The fee had been paid in advance so there was nothing to complain about. One hundred star dollars was enough for two nights.

This type of thing was fairly common in internet cafes.

Although communication devices had replaced phones and computers, that was only on surface. For games which demanded high specifications, that were hundreds of gigabytes in size, the communication device definitely wasn’t capable of storing them. Only a large screen and high performance game console was capable of fulfilling such customers’ demand.

This era, the main attraction of internet cafes was for gaming and business was booming.

“These kids.”

The guy in charge shook his head and left, after paying for the game console at the counter.

Jianghe City, Jin Du Nightclub.

No matter the era, from ancient times till present, some things had always remained desirable. At this time, when the morning was quiet, nightclubs would be in full swing.

Room 322, there was a do not disturb sign hanging in front of the door.

In the room, a passionate couple were on the bed, caressing each other.

The snow white buttocks of the young girl was pointed towards the roof, with her long and fluffy black hair draping over her shoulders; as the man behind her thrusted in and out, she released nonstop moans.

Suddenly, the young girl’s voice became high pitched, her moans becoming more frequent. Her body began to tremble.

As the man roared from behind, his body suddenly came to a halt. After trembling for a few seconds, he discovered that the girl in front of him had already fallen unconscious.

“Again, another useless woman.”

The man coldly grumped for a second and lit up a cigarette. Once he turned around, a handsome face was revealed, that of Sun Yaotian!

“F*ck, the quality of Jin Du has been getting worse.”

Sun Yaotian cursed in dissatisfaction. He loved virgins, yet his skill was formidable. How could an inexperienced virgin possibly last long enough to entertain him. As a descendant of Sun family, he had visited nightclubs since he was young. From ages fourteen until eighteen, his plethora of activity had made him an experienced fighter.

These ordinary woman, no matter how beautiful were they, were incapable of satisfying his desire?

Unless...

As he thought of Chen Yiran, a surge of evil appeared within Sun Yaotian’s heart. However, the shadow of Su Hao alsoappeared, dissipating any lewd thoughts in his mind.

“Su! Hao!”

Sun Yaotian burst into a fit of rage. Every time he thought of Su Hao, he would become livid.

In the past, Li Jun had always accompanied him during such activities. With a police chief accompanying him, many things would become more convenient. Things were no longer as easy though. There was not much to say about the Sun family. He had constant training arranged for him by his family. Everytime he went out for girls, he would hide his activities from his family. Fortunately, he didn’t skip his training excessive amounts. Otherwise, his father would not let him off lightly.

Today, he had snuck out after rotting in the natural selection class. It was so hard to find an opportunity to relax and yet, his fun had been ruined by this girl’s inability to withstand his lust.

“Damn, next time I’m going to remind them to save some good toys in advance.”

Sun Yaotian felt a bit fatigued. After all, he hadn’t slept the entire night and had unknowingly traveled to the world of dreams.

“Kacha!”

There was the sound of shattering glass

Sun Yaotian sudddenly frowned. He felt as if something was wrong. The alertness which had been ingrained in him made him look towards the window.

A white shadow suddenly popped out and rushed towards him.

“Damn it!”

Sun Yaotian was startled and wanted to fight back, but his physical fatigue slowed his reaction.

“Hong!”

Feeling as if he was pressed down by a thousand pounds, Sun Yaotian noticed that the foe had hit his body hard. The foe stepped on his chest with the entire weight of their body.

With such weight, he was dealt a critical blow.

The horrifying force crushed the bed under Sun Yaotian. Sun Yaotian’s body landed on the floor. Once again, he was struck by another impact, with traces of blood appearing. The floor had been shattered.

What a terrifying gravitational force!

This time, the soundproof rooms of the Jin Du nightclub played an important role. No matter how loud the inside became, nobody would hear anything from outside.

As Sun Yaotian was about to faint, he widened his eyes. He wanted to discern the identity of his attacker, but all he could see was a pair of cold eyes, filled to the brim with killing intent. Whenever he tried to get a clear look, the face instantly blurred.

One move!

With his current strength, he couldn’t believe he had been crushed in a single move!

This person’s strength, what was his actual ability? This speed, this strength...His assailant’s origin ability must have been greater than twenty! Could it be that legendary?

Since when had he offended such a powerful character?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0085 Collapse
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0085 Collapse

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

Peng!

Upon noticing that Sun Yaotian was still conscious, Su Hao directed another kick at him, causing him to faint.

“Who?”

The racket from the fighting had caused the young girl to wake up. Due to the confusion caused by the scene in front of her, she fainted yet again.

Su Hao draped Sun Yaotian’s body over his shoulder and left via the broken window. From the beginning, the blue dream butterfly had been lying on his shoulder.

Sun Yaotian, who remained unconscious, was still unaware to the reason for his downfall. It was neither Su Hao’s strength nor speed, but an ability which had prevented Sun Yaotian from reacting properly. Coupled with an entire night’s exercise, he had believed it to be the work of an expert. Never would he have imagined that the real perpetrator had been a tiny butterfly.

Jianghe City’s wall.

Su Hao smiled as he looked towards the ten meter wall.

This was the wall of Jianghe City. Generally, this would’ve been the foremost defense against any berserk beast attacks or a war. Under normal circumstances, however, it was just an ordinary wall. At this moment, Sun Yaotian was lying under Su Hao’s feet, wearing nothing but a cloth. This was due to the fact that Su Hao was afraid that Sun Yaotian’s naked body would cause him to throw up.

In front of Su Hao, the blue dream butterfly desperately shook its head.

“You don’t agree with what I’m doing?” Su Hao smiled sinisterly.

The blue dream butterfly shook its head. It appeared as if it would rather die than agree.

“Ai, too bad. He is the key to saving all your friends. Don’t you want to save them?” Su Hao sighed.

The blue dream butterfly hesitated.

Although it couldn’t understand the purpose of the naked man in front of it, Su Hao had clearly said it was to save people. Oh, that was incorrect. He was useful for saving butterflies. If he didn’t act, then they would...

Biting the bullet, the blue dream butterfly grabbed Sun Yaotian’s hair and flew upwards rather unsteadily.

Right!

One hundred sixty catty in weight was carried by the blue dream butterfly over the walls and towards the distance.

“Worthy of being the king of blue dream butterfly.” Su Hao exclaimed.

He had already deduced the true identity of this little guy, the leader of blue dream butterfly tribe. Its origin ability was even stronger than other butterflies. Coupled with its incredible alertness after mutation, it had been lucky enough to escape capture.

Looking at its fragile appearance, it was perfectly disguised.

In Su Hao’s plan, Sun Yaotian was critical towards its success. As for saving the butterflies...Uh, it appeared that this actually had nothing to do with saving them.

Everything was ready! Su Hao was simply waiting for the right timing!

Su Hao quietly went back home. After waking up early, he had a quick meal.

Only after it had reached 10 A.M. did he exit the city gates. In less than half a hour, he reached the region outside of the secret underground laboratory.

Nobody could be seen. The blue dream butterfly had drifted down from the trees above a moment ago.

“Where is that bastard?” Su Hao asked.

“Within the underbrush over there.” The blue dream butterfly pointed at the underbrush, “He won’t wake up for another twenty-four hours.”

“Great.”

Su Hao nodded. “Let’s go. We have to act now.”

“Huh?” The blue dream butterfly was stunned, “We’re just leaving him there?”

“He won’t be useful until later. We need to enter first before I can say more.” Su Hao vaguely replied. After changing his robe, he headed to the cave. The blue dream butterfly looked at him suspiciously before tagging along.

Two guards!

Along the way, he had carefully scouted the path to the laboratory.

All circumstances were similar to yesterday.

Su Hao took out the origin ability liquid bomb. It seemed as if he was prepared to throw it any second now. The blue dream butterfly had long ago escaped to a higher elevation, afraid of being caught in friendly fire.

Su Hao calmly hid behind the corner. Through the spy camera, he observed the movement at the laboratory door.

One hour...

Two hours...

Su Hao was like a predator, a cat hiding in the brush as it waited for its prey to appear.

Three hours...

The glass door abruptly opened, with a man exiting from the interior of the laboratory. The two guards examined him carefully in order to ensure that he hadn’t taken anything with him.

“This is the moment!”

Su Hao’s eyes lit up. Emerging from the corner out of nowhere, he threw the origin ability liquid bomb with all his strength towards the glass door.

“Look at the bomb!”

With Su Hao’s sudden action, the liquid in the bottle already began to react. The liquid was boiling red, with white smoke beginning to form. The white smoke soon filled up the interior of the bomb, the telling sign of an imminent explosion. The two guards who had just finished checking, saw the sudden emergence of an unknown item through the air. They were stunned and unable to react.

As for the person who just left the laboratory, he had a clear view. A red boiling liquid, covered with white smoke, was heading towards his handsome face. He instinctively ducked.

Shua!

The origin ability liquid bomb easily flew over him.

After tossing it, Su Hao hadn’t bothered to spare a glance at it. He quickly retreated backwards and jumped upwards. After retrieving a fang from his waist, he fiercely hooked it onto the wall. Just like that, he was hanging at an elevation of three meters above the ground.

At this point, the origin ability liquid bomb had made its way past the glass door into the laboratory.

With just a red blur flying through the air, the staff conducting experiments were caught off guard, asking, “What is this thing?”

Their brains hadn’t even reacted by the time the origin ability liquid bomb had landed.

A violent impact radiated outwards, the explosive force blew everyone within its radius to pieces. For those closest to the bomb, they had only felt their lower bodies turn hot for a moment, before it had completely vanished.

The ultra high temperatures instantly melted the lower half of these people. Countless experiment tools hit the ground.

At the same time, a wave of origin ability swept across the surroundings. Countless people, despite being further away, were also affected and received fatal injuries!

One second!

In just one second, the whole laboratory had become an ocean of flames.

However, at this moment, Su Hao didn’t have the luxury of enjoying his masterpiece. He had initially believed that the bomb would only affect a height of one meter, but had forgotten that this was a cave. When the supports of the underground laboratory were destroyed, a disaster would follow.

Escape!

Su Hao quickly fled.

Countless stones began to drop from above, causing Su Hao’s escape route to be encumbered. Fortunately, the little guy on his shoulder fended off any stones headed towards Su Hao’s back.

There were just several corners, yet he had to run a full minute before escaping!

At this time, the tremors within the caves had finally come to a halt.

The origin ability liquid bomb was indeed worthy of a fifty million dollar price tag! The extravagant cost of building such a laboratory had vanished in the blink of an eye.

Su Hao had a sudden thought. The materials used to make the bomb had all come from his master. When his master had finished his research, he would definitely find Su Hao to calculate his debt.

“Come, let’s enter and see.”

Su Hao and the blue dream butterfly carefully entered the cave. Surprisingly, the glass door remained in once piece, although it had been bent out of shape. It could no longer could serve its purpose. The black gas in the experiment tables had vanished, but the butterflies laid on the floor without any reaction.

No response?

Was the person who controlled them dead?

Su Hao raised his head. Within the sea of flames, a middle aged man walked out step by step. His entire body was covered with blood and fried flesh, but he was still alive!

Oh shit!

Su Hao’s body involuntarily formed goosebumps. How could this be!

This was an origin ability liquid bomb!

Although he was hiding in the corner above, he had seen everything through his spy camera. He clearly saw several people of decent strength have their lower bodies instantly melt under the effects of the explosion. They had all died horrific deaths. Quite a number of experiment tables had been destroyed as well, proving the power of the explosion!

But this middle aged man...

Su Hao’s mouth went dry. This time, he seemed to have offended a great master.

Fortunately, he was wearing a white robe and his expression was concealed from view. In the eyes of the enemy, Su Hao was a merciless killer that wouldn’t hesitate.

“Who! Are! You!”

The middle aged man roared at Su Hao. The injuries on his body began to slowly recover. Such physical fitness, was even ahead of Su Hao.

He couldn’t wait any longer!

Su Hao wouldn’t let go of an opportunity to strike while the opponent was injured. No matter how strong this middle aged man was, he was seriously injured. This was the best chance he had!

March forward!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0086 Beginner variant esper
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0086 Beginner variant esper

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

A raging fire was rampaging throughout the laboratory.

The entirety of the interior had become ruined by the rampant flames. Thanks to the bomb, many areas were burning due to high temperatures. The experiment tables, in various levels of dissolvement, fell to the ground one at a time. On the tables, countless blue dream butterflies laid unconscious.

Forward!

Su Hao rushed forward and stepped on a fallen table. He took a huge leap, performing a jump kick.

“With such pitiful strength, you dare to be so arrogant!”

The middle aged man could no longer hold back his anger. His iron fist bombarded the location of Su Hao’s kick.

“Hong!”

Su Hao’s jump kick clashed with the man’s fist. He felt a powerful force travel through his leg to the rest of his body. His jump kick was disrupted, sending his entire body flying.

Su Hao adjust his posture in the air, landing smoothly.

Peng!

The ground trembled as he landed, showing just how much force he’d been on the receiving end of.

Su Hao raised his head and wiped the blood from his lips. A single move! It had been similar to his previous battle with Sun Yaotian. It was needless to say that this middle aged man was extremely powerful. In terms of physical fitness alone, he was already far above Su Hao!

It was obviously a mysterious control type origin ability, yet this middle aged man’s physical fitness was still terrifying!!

Su Hao’s became alert. After his first confrontation with Su Hao, the middle aged man was also surprised. However, he wasn’t surprised at Su Hao’s strength, but how weak he was!

“This level of strength...A beginner variant?”

The middle aged man’s expression turned to one of ridicule, “Such a huge laboratory was destroyed by a beginner variant esper. How ironic!”

Beginner variant!

Esper!

Su Hao was puzzled at the man’s words. He had never heard of these two phrases before, despite his wide array of knowledge. Using the context from the middle aged man’s chatter though, he was able to form a basic understanding of their meaning.

Beginner variant...Very weak...

Esper. Could it be a description of his origin ability talent?

Su Hao’s thoughts flowed like electricity through a generator, the formidable strength of his model analysis showing its potential yet again. After eliminating all other possibilities, he arrived at the most likely conclusion that could be made.

He himself was an esper.

Additionally, he was an esper of the ‘beginner variant’ stage. Of course, the middle aged man in front of him was in a higher stage. As to for the specific details, however, Su Hao remained clueless.

“Then, what stage are you?” Su Hao sneered. His eyes honed in on the middle aged man.

Model analysis, start!

Shua!

A faint blue light flashed. The surrounding scene changed as Su Hao’s mind quickly established a model of the middle aged man.

When the 3D model of the man appeared in his mind, it was accompanied by cards. Su Hao had only taken a glance before his scalp tingled with trepidation.

Body forging technique.

Fighting essence.

Advanced basic fighting technique.

Advanced police fighting technique.

Advanced military fighting technique.

Advanced origin ability cultivation technique.

Advanced origin ability transition technique.

Intermediate origin ability control.

Bewitching control essence...

Bewitching...

...

A dozen cards appeared, with nearly all of them being advanced cards which Su Hao had previously heard of.

The foe’s origin ability was bewitching control. Su Hao was clear about this and well prepared to fight it. However, what was with all these body forging and fighting essences?

Four hundred points in physical fitness.

Four hundred points in fighting skills.

This middle aged man’s fighting capabilities were also stronger than Su Hao!

This was the first time he had seen someone who had full score in these categories. At the same time, this middle aged man possessed dozens of cards, including a shining origin ability card.

How strong was this man’s true strength?

If not for his injuries, Su Hao wouldn’t even have the courage to face him!

Can I read the cards?

Su Hao randomly selected a card to read it.

“Card selection complete...advanced military fighting technique...model analysis...model established...card model failed to establish!”

Shua!

His sight turned bright as the model collapsed and his surroundings returned to normal. Su Hao squinted his eyes. He had been interrupted.

The middle aged man facing him knew this!

Despite this, Su Hao had gained a lot of information.

The ability to establish a model of this man indicated that he did not possess the anti ability detection of the tutor in the natural selection class. At the very least, he couldn’t detect his model analysis. The only reasonable explanation for how he’d been able to find out was the abnormal state of energy consumption during the process.

This situation had never arisen when facing students similar to himself.

Su Hao considered that such events had occurred due to the huge power gap between the two of them. After noticing Su Hao’s move, the foe used his ability to interrupt the process!

The middle aged man opposite sneered as he stared at Su Hao, “Interesting. Detection ability class? I thought it would a combat ability. A beginner variant esper with a detection ability talent. I really don’t understand where your courage is coming from. Who incited you to do this?”

Su Hao smiled indifferently, “How about we take turns asking questions?”

“Hua!”

The scene in the laboratory appeared in Su Hao’s mind once again.

One second!

He compared the current and previous state of the laboratory, giving him an understanding of just how severe the damage was. By using a contrasting image, Su Hao was able to quickly discern any differences.

“Interesting.”

The middle aged man was obviously confident in himself. In facing such a weak esper, it was no different from bullying a kindergartner. Although he was injured, a beginner variant esper was still incapable of competing with him in his current state.

His main aim was to obtain information about his opponent which he could pass to his superiors.

Otherwise, with the loss of this laboratory, he would end up as a corpse no matter where he fled to! The lab had been irreversibly damaged. He had to find out the truth behind this matter!

How was the location leaked?

“Great, who is the person supporting you from behind?” The middle aged man asked.

Two seconds!

Su Hao remembered every location which was in danger of an imminent collapse. These spots become his weapon of choice in the coming battle.

“I have nobody commanding me from behind. I am only here because of the task I accepted.” Su Hao casually replied.

He was telling the truth.

He appeared here because of his task. However, it had been to capture blue dream butterfly, not destroy this laboratory. His appearance here was simply a coincidence.

“What?”

The middle aged man was stunned.

A task!

Could the Origin Ability Association have found out about this place and issued a task to destroy it? No, it was impossible! If the Origin Ability Association were to find this place, those old men in Jianghe city would definitely take matters into their own hands. How could such a small task be issued?

The middle aged man livened up and stared at Su Hao, “Brat, you dare to play with me?”

Three seconds!

Su Hao took note of the position of every blue dream butterfly. He would try his best to avoid damaging them during battle.

“Hua.....”

The laboratory model in his mind instantly collapsed. Su Hao only had ten percent of his energy reserves remaining.

Looking at the furious middle aged man, Su Hao sighed. Why did nobody believed him even when he was telling the truth? However, since he had completed his terrain modelling analysis, he no longer had to wrangle with the middle aged man.

“Hong!”

Su Hao made his move and instantly rushed to the front of the middle aged man. The physical strength of this middle aged man was far ahead of his own. Su Hao had personally experienced it just a moment ago.

However, the middle aged man’s legs and abdomen were bleeding heavily.

No matter how strong his physical strength was, in front of the origin ability liquid bomb, he’d still be on the receiving end of damage. Just a small part of the explosion had been enough to cause him serious damage.

His current speed was a fraction of what he was capable. This was an opportunity for Su Hao.

Peng!

Peng!

Peng!

Su Hao directed a quick three hit combo towards the middle aged man, releasing three points of fighting essence without hesitation. The man was forced to retreat by the small explosion of energy. Su Hao didn’t have the confidence to link his moves when facing someone with a four hundred point fighting skill. Thus, after collecting a tiny bit of fighting essence, he released it without hesitation!

The middle aged man grumped for a second. His injury was burning in pain. With a roar, he directed a punch at Su Hao.

His leg injury would not interfere with his strength.

Shan!

Su Hao quickly took two steps backward. Such strength was not something he could confront head on at the moment. The middle aged man took the opportunity to press forward, throwing another punch.

“Heng!”

Su Hao sneered. He retreated once again. A few pieces of debris fell from the roof. The middle aged man’s onslaught was interrupted.

“Honglong!”

Five stones, each the size of a football, smashed into the ground and raise a cloud of dust. If not for the middle aged man’s quick response, even if he didn’t die, he would have been seriously injured!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0087 Mysterious voice
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0087 Mysterious voice

Translator: Yorasu I Editor: SourGummies

Within the laboratory, flickering flames continued to shine.

The middle aged man gloomily stared at Su Hao, who was two meters from him. Alarm bells went off in his head. He pondered whether that had been a coincidence? Why had those stones fallen as he had moved through the area?

Was it a coincidence? Or had this youth in front of him predicted it would happen?

Calculation? Deduction? Or a telekinesis control ability?

This person is problematic!

After years of battle, he had seen a number of strange ability talents. If he had been careless, any one of those abilities could have been his downfall, leaving him without a grave. Origin ability talents weren’t terrifying on their own. What was truly terrifying was someone who had maximized their talent’s potential!

The middle aged man stopped in place.

“Cautious enough.”

Su Hao’s eyes squinted. Since you’re not making a move, it’s my turn to do so.

“Xiu!”

“Xiu!”

Kick by kick, Su Hao aimed several stones. These stones flew towards the middle aged man’s most vulnerable spot, his legs! Simultaneously, Su Hao dashed forward. Leaping on the nearby tables, he headed directly towards the man. He directed a kick downwards as he flew through the sky.

A stone or my kick. Let’s see which one you will block!

Is it inconvenient moving with your injuries?

I will aim for your injuries!

Two stone rapidly made their way through the air. Su Hao’s kick also made its way downward, full of killing intent. The middle aged man remained motionless. With his eyebrows knitted together, it appeared as if his bleeding lower body was of no concern to him.

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

Two sounds echoed through the lab as the two stones arrived first. Su Hao only saw a dazzling blue light illuminate the area in front of him. A crystal clear blue shield suddenly appeared in front of him.

“Hong!”

Just like before, Su Hao was forced to retreat as his kick landed.

After tumbling through the air, he returned to his original spot. He raised his head with shock on his face, staring at the dazzling blue shield. His pupils contracted. This shield turned out to be...

“Shua!”

The crystal clear blue shield collapsed into various fragments around the middle aged man. Within the sea of raging red flames, a magnificent scene was born.

Blue dream butterflies!

Countless blue dream butterflies were surrounding the middle aged man!

Blue dream butterflies, each of them had the equivalent of ten points of origin ability. When they flocked together, it would bring about a disaster!

A blue dream butterfly was still something Su Hao could handle!

As for two blue dream butterflies, Su Hao could still struggle to win!

But hundreds of them...

Su Hao felt his scalp go numb. No wonder the middle aged man was so proud. This was where his confidence came from.

Bewitching control!

This horrifying ability had shown its strength at this moment. His body’s injuries hadn’t affected his control whatsoever. Su Hao was in deep trouble this time.

“Kill!”

A stream of blue flashed by. Su Hao managed to avoid the attack by a hair’s breadth, causing the wall behind him to collapse as it was struck.

Under the control of the middle aged man, the countless blue dream butterflies’ wings became a weapon or murder. Like a blue ocean floating in the air, once it passed by, it would leave a trail of destruction in its wake.

In the underground laboratory.

Su Hao dodged around. The blue torrent followed him mercilessly. Occasionally, a few stones would drop from above, striking the torrent. By delaying the torrent, it allowed Su Hao to catch his breath. However, the blue torrent would quickly reorganize.

“Hong!”

Su Hao once again narrowly avoided an attack.

If he had not been familiar with every corner, he would have died several times over already! The middle aged man controlled the countless blue dream butterflies like a god of death. The only thing Su Hao could do was flee.

After evading several times, Su Hao finally made his way to the exit.

However, another attack was headed towards him. Su Hao skillfully avoided it, but he had not been their target this time around. They were all heading towards the exit.

“Not good!”

Su Hao’s face changed. The man wanted to destroy his escape route!

Su Hao kicked two stones towards the middle aged man’s left and right halves.

“Sou!”

As the breeze whistled by, the middle aged man sneered. The blue torrent divided into two parts. One headed towards the exit as the other half quickly returned to his side.

“Hong longlong!”

A few pieces of debris fell down. The exit hole had collapsed. Su Hao’s exit route had been blocked.

The blue torrent returned back to the man’s side, turning back into individual blue dream butterflies.

Strong!

Total domination!

Not only was his origin ability high, he was also skillful in controlling the blue dream butterflies. This middle aged man must have been dealing with them for quite some time.

“Who are you?” Su Hao squinted his eyes.

The middle aged man played with a blue dream butterfly on his hand. Since the hole had been sealed, he was in no hurry to kill Su Hao.

“I should be the one asking this. Such an interesting brat. At first, I thought you were from the Origin Ability Association, but I’d have never thought you were some weak nobody. Despite being a beginner variant esper, your ability is detection class.”

Beginner variant...

Su Hao once again heard this term. He asked, “Then you’re not a beginner variant esper?”

“Beginner variant?” The middle aged man laughed at Su Hao’s words, “Ten years ago, I had already reached professional variant.”

Professional variant!

Su Hao learned a new phrase, professional variant.

The middle aged man had once mentioned that he was just a beginner variant esper. Then of course, this man was much stronger than Su Hao. The higher stage would be called professional variant.

Beginner variant. Professional variant.

He wondered if there were any divisions between them? Perhaps they were several levels apart, but professional variant was definitely stronger than beginner variant. This was why the middle aged man was so confident.

“Professional variant!” Su Hao exclaimed, “Impossible. The task I accepted only mentioned beginner variant espers. Have I been cheated?”

“Joke! You want to get information from me through such means?” The middle aged man exposed a sinister smile, “You are not a killer or people from the organization. You are just an ordinary esper who doesn’t even know about beginner variants and professional variants. Yesterday, when I come back here, I had felt as if someone was watching me. That should have been you, right? From the look of you, you seem like a newbie who just graduated or perhaps, astudent?”

Su Hao’s body turned cold!

Both of them were trying to get information of each other. Su Hao was analyzing the middle aged man and vice versa. By exchanging a few words, Su Hao had only able to get information about espers, but this middle aged man could already tell that he was a novice from his behavior. Such keen observation skills!

After all, the gap between the two was too huge!

Also, Su Hao knew very little about these things! What is a beginner variant? What is a professional variant? He wasn’t clear about any of this.

“Seems like I guessed right.” The middle aged man continued in a deep voice, “Just a little nobody who happened to pass by. How ironic...If this is the case, there’s no need to drag this on any further. Let’s end it!”

“Shua!”

The blue dream butterflies around the middle aged man instantly illuminated themselves!

Once again, the countless blue dream butterflies formed a stream of blue. They formed a ‘V’ shape in mid air, before crashing down. Each wing was like a flying dagger. The large ‘V’ shaped torrent was full of murderous intent.

Su Hao tensed all the muscles in his body. As he stared at the blue torrent, his mind ran over all the options available to him.

It was too fast to evade!

The range was too great! There’s nowhere to hide!

No matter how much Su Hao analyzed, he couldn’t find a solution to this predicament!

Was he going to fail this time around?

Su Hao was unwilling. In the end, there was a huge gap between their strength. This middle aged man was the strongest person he had confronted to date!

As long as he was able to get close to the middle aged man, Su Hao was confident of defeating him. After all, with his injuries, he shouldn’t have much combat strength or energy left. The dazzling V torrent had become Su Hao’s main obstacle. This caused his last hope to disappear just like that.

What should he do now? Give up?

No, he’d never give up!

Su Hao looked around him. He licked his lips. There were at least four to five pillars in a state of collapse. Once these were broken, the whole laboratory would collapse.

Fight!

Once these pillars were destroyed, they would die together!

As this idea just appeared within his mind, the sweet voice of a girl rang through his head, “Ignore the ‘V’ attack. Just go and kill him. You only have one chance!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0088 Blue dream butterfly, who are you exactly?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0088 Blue dream butterfly, who are you exactly?

Translator: Yorasu I Editor: SourGummies

“Who?”

Su Hao became pale. This voice in his head had appeared out of nowhere, leaving behind no clues. There was only the middle aged man in front of him. Where had the voice come from?

Could he have been bewitched?

No, that was impossible! That ‘V’ shape torrent was enough to kill him. There was no point in using such petty tricks. If that was the case, besides the middle aged man, who could it have been?

He had no idea!

“Ignore the ‘V’ attack. Just go directly for the kill. You only have one chance!”

This was akin to asking Su Hao to kill himself. That terrifying blue torrent was composed of countless blue dream butterfly wings; they were as sharp as razor blades. If Su Hao dared to make his way into the midst of the torrent, he wouldn’t have the ability to make it out!

However, he didn’t have any other options. It didn’t matter where this voice came from. Since it had appeared in his moment of despair, it should have been there to aid him. Plus, he could hear a hint of urgency in its voice.

Only one chance...

Was this to inform him that he should grasp this opportunity by using the entirety of his strength to attack?

Su Hao’s mind moved quickly. Based on the current circumstances, he finally made his decision.

March forward!

Within the laboratory ruins, Su Hao’s highly alert body stepped forward. His goal was none other than the ‘V’ shaped torrent! Even the middle aged man controlling the torrent was stunned. This brat, was he handing himself over to the throes of death?

Su Hao swallowed the saliva in his mouth.

In one second, Su Hao had already sprinted forward ten meters. He was much closer to the middle aged man. However, the ‘V’ shaped blue torrent was right in front of him.

“A desperate struggle?” The middle aged man coldly laughed, “Ignorant fool. Let me show you the power of this torrent.”

“Hong!”

Su Hao’s body rose into the air. As he sprinted, the surrounding terrain was imprinted in his mind. Since he had chosen to believe the voice, he would not hesitate. In the eyes of Su Hao, that ‘V’ shaped torrent was no longer present. The heavily injured man was all that remained.

“Hua~”

Su Hao’s body collided with the torrent in mid air. The dazzling ‘V’ shaped blue torrent instantly enveloped Su Hao. However, the ensuing scene was shocking. The torrent had passed through Su Hao without harming him!

“How could this be?”

The middle aged man yelled in fright. Despite his control over the swarm of butterflies, he currently was incapable of engaging in close combat.

“Hong!”

Su Hao emerged from the ‘V’ shaped torrent, appearing in front of the middle aged man. He retrieved a sharp fang from his waist and and stabbed towards the man.

“Puci!”

The fang pierced his throat, passing through the entirety of his neck, and nailed him to the ground.

A one hit kill!

That ‘V’ shaped blue torrent cut through the hole. Surprisingly, the hole which had been sealed by various stones had been broken open. This attack was truly strong!

With a look of fear, Su Hao looked at the reopened hole, “If such an attack was to hit my own body....”

The middle aged man was dead.

He had been given a swift death. His throat had been penetrated, crucifying him to the floor.

Su Hao carefully pulled out the fang. Noticing the shocked expression of the middle aged man, his thoughts became tumultuous. In the end, who had it been?

“Who are you?”

Su Hao asked in a loud voice. Besides sound of burning flames, he didn’t receive a reply.

“Have you left?”

Su Hao murmured. He closed his eyes and recalled back the situation just now.

Just now, as he had rushed towards the torrent, countless numbers of blue dream butterflies’ attacks had instantly crumbled. Every blue dream butterfly that came into contact with his body had avoided him as if they’d met a terrifying predator. After leaving his body, they had once again melded into the torrent.

“What were they trying to evade? Blue dream butterfly...Someone who could influence blue dream butterflies...”

After suddenly arriving at a conclusion, he turned to his right in shock, “You?”

To the right of Su Hao, a blue ray of light flashed. A blue dream butterfly was flying nearby. It was the blue dream butterfly who had been lying on his shoulder. However, the blue dream butterfly appeared rather lethargic. Its eyes no longer had that bright color. After shaking its wings a couple of times, it dropped down with zero resistance.

Su Hao subconsciously caught it. The blue dream butterfly fell onto his palm. It then chose a comfortable position to rest.

“Hong!”

A loud sound echoed. Countless blue lights flashed by as the blue dream butterflies appeared before Su Hao. He was now surrounded. These butterflies had previously been under the control of the middle aged man. As he died, they had gradually been freed from his control, regaining their freedom.

“What are you guys trying to do?” Su Hao puzzled and asked. It was unfortunate that these butterflies couldn’t understand his words.

“Ying!”

A ribbon, similar to a translucent blue light band came out from a blue dream butterfly’s body. It linked itself to Su Hao’s palm. Following this, countless crystal clear, blue lights emerged. An area of ten meters around Su Hao was decorated with mysterious lights, akin to a fantasy wonderland.

Su Hao was stunned upon viewing breathtaking scene before him. It was an otherworldly beauty.

Upon noticing that the blue dream butterfly had gradually recovered its color, Su Hao finally understood that they were attempting to heal it.

A few minutes later, the surrounding blue light disappeared. The blue dream butterfly on Su Hao’s palm was finally resuscitated, managing to propel itself into the air.

“Hua!”

The blue dream butterfly rushed into the group. However, due to its larger size, it was quite eye catching within the numerous blue dream butterflies.

“Blue dream butterfly...Who are you exactly?” There were too many questions within Su Hao’s heart.

Shua!

The blue dream butterfly flew in front of Su Hao and tapped on his communication device twice. Su Hao activated the virtual screen and selected the writing keyboard.

“Carry out our plan first. We will talk about it later.” The blue dream butterfly wrote.

“Alright!”

Su Hao nodded and quickly exited the cave.

Countless blue dream butterflies evacuated, flying one by one into the distance. Soon, they disappeared into the depth of forest.

Su Hao quickly dragged out Sun Yaotian. After throwing him into the laboratory, he made sure to outfit him in a lab coat before making his exit.

With the departure of a man and a butterfly, breaking news swept through all of Jianghe City like a wildfire!

At 2 P.M. in the afternoon, countless blue dream butterflies flocked through the sky, stunning quite a number of people amidst their activities. Such a rare butterfly, yet there was an entire flock. How much wealth was that!

Countless people, upon receiving such news, rushed to the wild. Almost every powerful individual in Jianghe City had gone and bought a hunting net to catch them. The grocery store in Jianghe City, which only managed to sell a few each year, had been cleaned out of its entire stock in under in an hour.

Many reporters quickly wrote articles about this event on the internet. A group of blue dream butterflies dancing in breeze had become the largest headline of today!

Why would there be so many blue dream butterflies in one spot?

What was happening here?

For those reporters who loved getting to the root of things, it was hard to bear. Every news center in Jianghe City quickly launched an investigation in order to land the scoop. However, an automatic mass mail was sent to every reporter.

“The mystery of the blue dream butterflies’ appearance!”

The reporters obviously opened the correspondence. What greeted them was a bunch of amazing texts. With a description of several hundred words, it exposed the thrilling conspiracy of Jianghe City, causing all the reporters to break out in a cold sweat as they read.

“Jianghe City’s number one group, the Sun Family Group Corporation, poured a lot of money into building an underground laboratory. Using a bewitching control ability, all of the blue dream butterflies would be controlled and sold to residents of Jianghe City at low price. Then, residents would be controlled using the blue dream butterfly’s ability, handing over control of Jianghe City.”

“How did they build such a large scale laboratory with such high-tech tools? How did Jianghe City’s government tax bureau and police department allow such a thing to appear in Jianghe City? Did Sun Family Group Corporation hide the truth from the masses? Or perhaps, they had already used blue dream butterflies to control a number of government officials? All of this is something worthy of contemplating.”

“According to our investigation, the one in charge of the laboratory is the Sun family’s first successor, Sun Yaotian. The underground laboratory has already been destroyed by us. Details of the address can be seen below. Based on our understanding of the Sun Family Group Corporation, the Sun family colluded with many government officials. Such matters remained unsettled. We would like to ask the citizens of Jianghe City to boycott the Sun family and their business.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0089 Sweeping whole world
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0089 Sweeping whole world

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

Not a single person dared to publish this!

Nobody was daring enough!

Although journalists loved publishing shocking news, doing so would result in offending one of Jianghe City’s largest forces, punching a ticket to an early death. Nobody dared to do so. This matter needed to be verified before anyone could decide whether or not to publish it. If it turned out to be false, the gains they would’ve obtained would have been a fraction of the potential losses.

After ten minutes, the same message was posted in various online forums. It was as if the sender had noticed that not a single journalist had broken the news.

The contents of the message once again sent a shock through its recipients.

During the period of time where the flock of blue dream butterflies had flown through the sky, countless rumors had broken out. Through the hundreds of forums it had been posted to, the millions of people who had seen the message had become enraged. If the contents of the message were true, this was unforgivable.

The contents of the message possessed several flaws. For example, how could blue dream butterflies possibly could control millions of people? However, that didn’t prevent people from forming their own theories. Someone soon shared their own take on this issue. He theorized that the blue dream butterflies were a stepping stone in research. When the final product was ready, bewitching control would then be used on people. The whole city would become puppets under the Sun family’s control.

If a simple rumor was capable of impacting the large groups in Jianghe City, they would have already ceased to exist.

After the message had been posted, the majority of people simply thought of it as a smear campaign aimed towards the Sun family. This especially applied to the heads of large groups, who merely ignored the message. Conspiracies such as this would occasionally rise from time to time, forcing major groups to respond. The rumors would usually disappear after several hours.

Such matters were not worth their time of day.

However, when reporters rushed to the location written in the message, they discovered that there truly was an underground laboratory!

It was true!

The contents of the message were true!

On the floor, countless of dead researchers could be seen along with the middle aged man. After investigation, they discovered that this man’s ability was that of a powerful bewitching control esper!

It was even professional variant level, much stronger than that of a beginner variant esper!

Even if one didn’t consider this information to be newsworthy, there was still one more matter that had yet to be resolved. After the reporters checked the identities of the various researchers, they were shocked to discover that one of them turned out to be Sun Yaotian!

It was the Sun Family Group Corporation’s first successor, Sun Yaotian!

He had turned out to be a researcher here!

Sun Yaotian’s appearance stunned the world of journalism. Countless people took videos and pictures as evidence, spreading them throughout major forums and news sites.

At this point, the rumor finally took off.

In just ten minutes, the amount of traffic had exceeded ten million!

Penguin Corporation’s communication software, responsible for the broadcast, quickly spread across the globe. This matter attracted attention from everyone.

Attempting to control all of Jianghe City?

Bewitching control ability?

Jianghe City, along with many others which had received the news, immediately checked their respective espers that possessed the bewitching control ability.

If Jianghe City had this issue, wouldn’t other cities as well?

It didn’t matter whether this information was true or false, as long as the possibility existed. A grand cleaning campaign began. Every esper with a bewitching control ability was subjected to government surveillance and supervision. As for rebels or those with criminal records, the government immediately imprisoned them and forcefully controlled them.

Su Hao would have never imagined that the conspiracy that he had put into motion would envelop the entire planet!

In Jianghe City, within the headquarters of Sun Family Group Corporation, Sun Batian gloomily listened to a report.

“Hong!”

Sun Batian stood up. The marble floor had shattered into pieces. Sun Batian was at his limit, forcibly withholding his anger.

“For such a long time, nobody dared to touch my Sun family.” Sun Batian said in a deep voice. His low tone scared the wits out of his secretary. Breaking out in a cold sweat, he stood there motionless, not daring to speak.

“Have you found the person who spread the rumor?” Sun Batian calmly asked.

The secretary swallowed his saliva, “Chairman, we haven’t found them. We tracked the IP address and found out that it was forwarded from an Internet cafe. When I sent someone over, they found nothing but an empty chair and an automated program. Nobody was seated there.”

“Surveillance cameras?”

“No one. Nobody could be seen in that day’s video feed. According to the person in charge, someone appeared early in the morning and topped up the nearly expired machine. He assumed that it had been from yesterday night and ignored it.” the secretary answered nervously.

“Such a coincidence.” Sun Batian laughed sinisterly, “That Internet cafe, destroy it.”

“This...this...” The secretary was covered with sweat.

“En?” Sun Batian frowned. The secretary quickly lowered his head and bit his lip, “Chairman, that Internet cafe is owned by a distant relative of the Sun family.”

Shua!

Sun Batian’s face took a turn for the worse.

“Such a fine plan. They planned every step so well.” Sun Batian sneered, “Start to oppress such rumors. Within an hour, I want all news about this to be gone no matter what!”

“Yes!” The secretary nodded. However, his communication device vibrated at this time. After opening the device, shock could be seen on his face.

“Chairman, they have located the underground laboratory. It was true!”

“Oh?”

Sun Yaotian’s face finally exposed a trace of annoyance, “This time around, the foe has actually managed to do it. My Sun family had stood in Jianghe City for numerous years. How could a rumor possibly impact my group? Contact the police department’s bureau chief He and ask him to investigate quickly.”

The secretary bitterly cried as he looked at the video on the screen, “Chairman, they also found young master in the underground laboratory.”

“What?”

Sun Batian’s face turned scarlet.

“Hong!”

A roar echoed. The office desk in front of him was decimated. A huge hole could be seen under his feet, causing numerous people downstairs to exclaim. This was the 88th floor of Sun Family Group. A simple step had caused a hole to form beneath his foot!

Sun Batian’s strength could not be understated!

“Shua!”

The secretary immediately changed his virtual screen to public view. From the screen, the countless pictures taken by journalists were shown once again. Within the laboratory ruins, the fire had been completely extinguished.

Sun Yaotian was lying among the ruins. He was just beginning to regain his consciousness. Due to his heavy injuries, the current Sun Yaotian was both weak and gloomy.

“Yaotian isn’t in the natural selection class?” Murderous intent was exposed from Sun Batian’s eyes.

The secretary smiled awkwardly, “I’m not sure. However, with the young master’s temper, I am afraid that the natural selection class wouldn’t be capable of holding him.”

“Bang!”

Sun Batian’s fists were clenched. Veins could be seen on his forehead, “Immediately arrange for me to personally rush to the scene. Anybody who dares to block me, kill him!”

“Yes!”

The secretary nodded and quickly headed to make arrangements. In his mind, he was very clear that the chairman who had remained silent for many years, had finally lost his temper. This time around Jianghe City would be bathed in blood.

Sun Batian personally rushed to the underground laboratory. A number of the Sun Family Group’s espers also tagged along, cordoning off the entire area. As for the berserk beasts in the area, they were eradicated within a radius of ten miles. The reporters and any bystanders were asked to leave.

“Sun Batian!” A reporter coldly shouted, “How dare you! You’ve gone overboard this time! You can’t stop this, you are fighting against all of Jianghe City! If you dare to block the scene, you can only wait to be wiped out!”

Finally, there was someone who dared to step up. Standing on the side of truth, someone dared to voice their dissatisfaction. With the appearance of Sun Yaotian and all the evidence present, the Sun family would be finished this time. What was there for him to worry about? The Origin Ability Association would never ignore such a matter.

Sun Batian’s figure, which had been about to enter, suddenly halted and turned around. With a brimming killing intent, he stared at the reporter, “What is your name?”

“Chen Yu! Jianghe Group’s reporter, Chen Yu!” The young reporter replied with confidence.

“Chen Yu, it’s him?”

“Jianghe Group’s number one gold medal reporter actually came!”

“Huh, Jianghe Group is the number one news center for Jianghe City. Plus, it has the support of a large group. Let’s see how Sun Batian is going to handle this.”

The surrounding reporters discussed among themselves. They were all waiting to see how things unfolded.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0090 Man in white
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0090 Man in white

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“Jianghe Group...”

Sun Baotian nodded calmly, “Follow me then.”

“Great.”

Chen Yu nodded. Such a scene was normal in his profession.

Other journalists were stunned.

He had agreed just like that? Sun Batian’s temper was incredibly bad due to his proud nature. He was an extremely difficult person to get along with. Was a reporter backed by the Jianghe Group enough to soften him? This outcome had been out of everyone’s expectations.

Or perhaps, the Sun family knew that the outlook was bleak, thus deciding to reign in their domineering ways.

“Sun Batian, we also asked for entry!”

“Yeah, open it to the public! Why are you stopping us?”

Seeing that Sun Batian had given way, a few reporters started to voice out their dissatisfaction. They might not have been brave enough to take the lead, but it required very little courage to loot a burning house. Sun Batian let out a sinister laugh. Two flashes of movement could be seen from either side of him. Two bodyguards had left his side, striking out before returning to their previous position.

The two reporters that had voiced their protest had been silenced. Two wisps of blood could be seen on their necks as their bodies fell to the ground.

“Does anyone else have something they want to say?” Sun Batian casually asked.

The area was shrouded in silence, with nobody daring to speak. All the reporters swallowed the saliva in their mouths. They all looked towards the ground, no longer daring to speak up. The Sun family, one of the overlords of Jianghe City, had finally revealed their sinister methods.

This was when the reporters realized that it was the era of origin abilities!

Before the Origin Ability Association made their move, nobody would be capable of shaking the Sun family’s status!

Coldly sneering, Sun Batian brought his men into the underground laboratory. Finally, they could see the ruinous scene for themselves. Sun Yaotian was being helped by a few subordinates. They were currently administering both body and stamina recovery drugs to him to aid his recovery.

“Reporting to the chairman. The situation of this underground laboratory has been investigated clearly. Based on the evidence collected from the scene, it was identical to that described on the forums! The only doubt we have is concerning the young master’s involvement.” An analysis engineer with glasses presented his report.

Sun Batian looked calm, “Good. It is much easier to convince others using half-truths. Out foe is clearly aware of this fact. Bring Yaotian over here.”

Soon, Sun Yaotian walked over with a pale expression. After consuming several bottles of advanced drugs, his body had recovered for the most part. Besides some minor nausea, his movement remained unimpaired.

“Dad.” Sun Yaotian called in a soft voice.

“Tell me, why are you here?” Sun Batian casually asked.

“I...” Sun Yaotian was hesitant. He had just woken up and remained ignorant to the severity of the matter. His thoughts remained on his kidnapping, thinking that his dad had come to save him.

“Speak!” Sun Batian widened his eyes.

“I...I accepted a task at school. After I completed the task, I went directly to Jindu Nightclub to enjoy some time. After finding someone to accompany me for the night, I was attacked in the morning.” Sun Yaotian embarrassedly said.

“Then?” Sun Batian calmly asked, “Who was the one that attacked you?”

“I don’t know.” Sun Yaotian felt dejected, “The foe’s ability was too powerful. They were wearing a white robe and I didn’t get any glimpses of their face. Their origin ability should be above twenty. Even with my abilities, I took a single hit before fainting.”

Sun Baotian stared coldly at his son. He assumed that his son wouldn’t dare lie at this point.

“Chairman, this was the residual image extracted from the middle aged man’s eye by the analysis department. Have a look.” The analysis engineer came forward once again, displaying a virtual screen to everyone.

It was a picture.

Within the ruins of laboratory, a fire was burning heavily. A man dressed in a white robe was standing in front. His body was full of murderous intent. Using the image, it could be deduced that the distance between the middle aged man and man in white was around four to five meters. However, the image couldn’t display any facial characteristics whatsoever, showing nothing but a blur.

“Him, it was him!” Sun Yaotian pointed at the picture of the man in white in horror.

Sun Batian pondered for a moment, “What is your estimate of his strength?”

The analysis engineer pushed up his glasses, “According to the traces left in scene, the middle aged man is at least a professional variant. Unfortunately, there are no records of such a person in the police database. As for the exchange between the man in white and the middle aged man...It was an instant fatality! Besides the hole in the neck of the middle aged man, there were no other traces of an attack from the man in white.”

Sun Batian’s facial expression turned grave.

The analysis engineer continued, “The damage to the laboratory was primarily caused by an origin ability liquid bomb. However, the market hadn’t received any excessive requests for the twenty required materials. If there was a large scale purchase of these items, the Origin Ability Association would have definitely intervened. Thus, the perpetrator didn’t create a bomb from scratch.”

“After the explosion of origin ability liquid bomb, the middle aged man sustained injuries to both legs. Based on the clues, he probably managed to detect the threat and avoided much of the explosion. However, due to insufficient height, he was still affected. Despite the injury to his legs, his origin ability wouldn’t have been hindered in any meaningful way. As for the strength of the man in white, we are unable to produce an estimate due to the lack of data.”

The analysis engineer had done his job well. If Su Hao was here, he would definitely be shocked. This young man had been able to deduce the details of the preceding events incredibly accurately! However, he had been incorrect concerning the bomb production. With the expensive materials from Zhang Zhongtian’s store along with Su Hao’s purchases, it had been more than enough to produce a single bomb.

One portion of materials...That was enough for Su Hao!

“At least professional variant level and capable of using a prohibited item like an origin ability liquid bomb...” Sun Batian’s face didn’t look great. A foe with such strength had been able to perfectly execute such a troublesome plan for the Sun family. Had the Sun family messed with any criminal organizations? Having an enemy was not scary, but a powerful enemy shrouded in darkness was something to be terrified of.

“Yaotian, have you offended anyone?” Sun Batian looked at his son. Although Sun Yaotian’s strength was only mediocre, his ability to offend others was nothing short of incredible.

“Nope. I haven’t.” Sun Yaotian hurriedly waved his hand, “Dad, I spend my time at school learning. I only left to celebrate because I completed my task. I definitely never offended anyone of this caliber.”

After explaining a bit and seeing Sun Batian’s face ease down, Sun Yaotian continued, “Dad, if we consider people who have enmity with me though, there is somebody I can think of.”

“Who?”

“Su Hao!” Sun Yaotian grinned evilly, “He is very jealous of me. After last time’s incident, he must have been looking for an opportunity to deal with me. Perhaps he found someone to act for him.”

“Pa!”

A heavy slap made contact with Sun Yaotian’s face. He fell to the ground, his face swollen from the impact.

The site analysis engineering team continued collecting information, ignoring what had just happened.

“Dad!”

Sun Yaotian looked at his dad in disbelief. He never would have expected his father, who hadn’t beaten him a single time before, to suddenly strike him.

“Can you stop messing around?” Sun Batian looked at his son in disappointment.

“Dad...”

“I asked you if you’ve had enough trouble.” Sun Batian asked in a flat tone.

“I...”

“You really think that I would fall for your petty tricks? You really think I don’t know about your frequent visits to Jindu Nightclub? You really think I didn’t know about the shady business you’ve conducted with Li Jun?” Sun Batian was very sad.

“Do you know how much energy I had to spend to send Li Jun to the Public Security Bureau? As long as chief He recommended him, Li Jun would be capable of getting the position. But because of you, he is dead! Even forgetting about that, what are you trying to do right now? Our Sun family had an enemy in front of us, yet your jealousy is showing! Chen Yu, give him the details of our family’s losses!”

Chen Yu, the number one reporter of Jianghe Group and promising gold medal reporter, had turned out to be one of the Sun family’s arrangements!

Chen Yu activated his virtual screen and read, “After the rumor had been released for thirty minutes, the Sun family’s losses amounted to one million. After the exposure of laboratory ruins, an hour after the rumor’s release, our losses reached a sum of five million. Right now, two hours after the rumor’s release, our losses have reached ten million and continue to grow.”

Sun Yaotian’s face went pale. With such enormous losses, what could possibly be happening right now?

“Remember that you are our Sun family’s first successor. Because of your talent, we placed the entirety of our hopes on you. However, that is all contingent on your enrollment in Zhanzheng college.” Sun Batian casually said, “If you’re not able to enter Zhanzheng college, I won’t invest a single penny on you!”

After Sun Batian finished his sentence, he ignored Sun Yaotian and let Sun Yaotian stand there.

“Immediately contact the Origin Ability Association and report exactly what happened here. Report every detail and don’t conceal anything!”

“Yes, chairman!”

“Chen Yu. I will leave it to you to clarify the details of this matter in the report.” Sun Batian said to Chen Yu.

“Rest assured.” Chen Yu smiled, “Everything is under control.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0091 The identity of blue dream butterfly
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0091 The identity of blue dream butterfly

Translator: Yorasu I Editor: SourGummies

Everything had been clarified!

A report by the Jianghe Group had cleared all the doubts of wrongdoing by the Sun family. Also, after the Origin Ability Association’s investigation, they also voiced their support of the Sun family’s innocence. These details were reported on a news show belong to the Jianghe Group.

Unfortunately, only major groups would believe such news. As for ordinary citizens, they remained skeptical.

Didn’t you read the message? The Sun family had their own people within the government! It would take mere minutes for a family such as theirs to cleanse themselves of wrongdoing. Additionally, only Chen Yu had been allowed to enter that day. As for everyone else, they had been forbidden from placing even a foot inside. Not to mention the fact that two journalists had been killed. Wasn’t this incredibly suspicious?

Gossip was something ordinary citizens loved the most.

Countless rumors spread among the citizens. They preferred to maintain a state of skepticism and distrust towards any single source. This resulted in the entirety of malls, chain stores, and shops that belonged to the Sun family being deserted. Not to mention the reduction in sales, due to the decline in the Sun family’s image, a multitude of negative effects transpired.

The Sun family’s shares continued their downturn. It would be quite a while before they would manage to stabilize.

At this point in time, the events surrounding the mysterious blue dream butterflies could be considered to have concluded. As for the mysterious organization, the matter had been left to the Origin Ability Association to handle. As the victims of the blue dream butterfly event, the Sun family had already suffered a twenty percent decline in their revenue. It would take them an extremely long time to recover.

As such events were happening, the mastermind Su Hao was in his room, staring at the small eyes of blue dream butterfly with his big eyes.

“Be honest now. Who are you exactly?” Su Hao asked seriously.

The blue dream butterfly took an apple from Su Hao’s table. A flash of light occurred and voila, the apple was cut cleanly. It was handed to Su Hao as an apology.

“...This was my apple in the first place!” Su Hao stared at it, “Tell the truth now. This time around, I won’t let you fool me!”

The blue dream butterfly’s body flickered as it began to write gracefully, “I was originally an ordinary blue dream butterfly in the clan. However, my origin ability experienced a mutation and thus, I unexpectedly became the empress of blue dream butterfly. Despite leading them to a happy life within forest, we came across that middle aged man with his bewitching control. Because of my strong origin ability, I was able to escape. As for the rest, I believe you already know.”

”...”

Lies!

Able to marvellously mutate? Go and mutate your head!

The blue dream butterfly’s language and culture was that rich?

“Then what about that voice?” Su Hao asked indifferently.

“Uh...” The blue dream butterfly had obviously forgotten about this part. Frowning for quite some time, “Oh yeah! Blue dream butterflies have an ability, allowing us to communicate with a person directly with origin ability. But due to its large energy consumption, I rarely use it.”

“...”

Could you be any less believable?

It was your own ability, yet you had to think for a full minute to give an answer?

“Little brat.” Su Hao grabbed the wings of the blue dream butterfly in dissatisfaction, “Don’t test my patience. If you continue lying to me, I will throw you outside.”

“Puteng!”

The blue dream butterfly struggled for a few moments, trying to break free from Su Hao’s grasp. Looking at him in disapproval, it hesitated for a moment, before finally writing a few words slowly on the virtual screen.

“I am Zhang Yating.”

Su Hao’s was startled. With both eyes widened in disbelief, he had never expected the blue dream butterfly to come out with this name.

“You named yourself?” Su Hao asked cautiously.

“No.” The blue dream butterfly shook its head.

Su Hao looked at the beautiful flying blue dream butterfly in front of him. Suddenly, an absurd idea came across his mind. He couldn’t stop himself from asking the blue dream butterfly, “Are you...human?”

The blue dream butterfly looked sad, “I...I don’t know.”

“En?” Su Hao felt strange.

The blue dream butterfly lowered its head, “I also suspected before than I was a human. However, I can’t recall anything. From the moment I was awake, I was already a blue dream butterfly. But in my mind, there is this consciousness who keeps reminding me that I am Zhang Yating! Later on, I remembered more and more, such as writing and speech. However, I still couldn’t remember who I am.”

“Could I be a blue dream butterfly that accidentally obtained the memory of a random girl? Or perhaps I’m a human who was destined to possess the body of a blue dream butterfly? I am not sure. If I keep thinking about it, I’m afraid I will go mad one day. Thus, I can only forget about all of this and happily live as a butterfly flying within the sky.” The blue dream butterfly slowly wrote in the virtual screen.

It was just a wall of text, yet they gave Su Hao a sense of inexplicable sadness.

Was that why it was hiding its other self?

Was it a human or a butterfly?

Su Hao suddenly recalled that ancient man, Zhuangzi. He had dreamt of becoming a butterfly. He felt that his dream was so magical, that he actually had become a butterfly. When he woke up, he found that he was still Zhuangzi, a man. Yet, was he really a human or butterfly? This was the doubt of the ancient man, painstakingly similar to the blue dream butterfly in front of him!

“Blue dream butterfly...Zhang Yating...human...butterfly...” Su Hao felt that there was something playing within his mind. It was as if he had recalled something important, but he lay on the cusp of remembering it. As long as he reached out, the truth would be revealed.

In order to have higher score in theoretical basis, he had read countless of materials, dedicating years of his life. Some had just been glanced through and remained in the depth of his memory. Su Hao seemed to have recalled something, prompting him to ask, “What was the time you woke up?”

“Just woke up?” The blue dream butterfly was somehow at a loss, “It seemed like a sheet of white. Beside white, I couldn’t see anything else. Later, I fainted. At that time, I still couldn’t recall anything, so I didn’t know what was happening. I just remembered that once I escaped, I flew for a very long time.”

“White...” Su Hao’s eyes lit up. There was one thing he was sure of being white!

Shua!

Su Hao immediately activated his virtual screen and then typed a few keywords to search: experiment, butterfly, possession.

Shua!

The screen refreshed. There was only a bunch of unrelated news, there was not a single clue! Continue! Su Hao changed the keywords to include experiment, butterfly, and soul.

Shua!

The screen refreshed. Yet again, it was a bunch of nonsense. Continue! Su Hao had a look at the contents above and changed the keywords: experiment, berserk beast, moving soul.

Shua!

The screen refreshed, with countless articles of official news appeared. Su Hao’s mind was in shock. This was the one. He selected the foremost article at the top, a news report from a few years ago. If Su Hao was not mistaken, it was about the scheme of an evil organization.

“Today, under the strike of Origin Ability Association, the scheme of an evil organization was finally exposed. According to the reporter’s investigation of the scene, it was discovered that the evil organization had resulted to kidnapping mankind. This was for the purpose of solving the problem of berserk beasts’ low intelligence and in order to cultivate their strength. Through a certain origin ability, the soul of a human was transferred into a berserk beast. In these past few years, the organization had kidnapped countless humans. In the entire world, hundreds of thousands of cases about human disappearance have been recorded, with most of them likely related to these events.”

“Our reporter had obtained permission from the Origin Ability Association before we proceeded with writing this news. According to the records of the evil organization, this soul moving experiment only had a success rate of 0.01%, which means one in ten thousand! Which mean out of every ten thousand victims, only one will live on with the identity as berserk beast. A month ago, a berserk beast escaped and attacked the Origin Ability Association. Only on the brink of death, did it reveal its identity as a human to the association.”

“The Origin Ability Association was so mad that they finally took action! Like thunder, they swept through this evil organization. Any staff involved in the experiment were eradicated! However, within the laboratory, they did found a number of human souls which had already been transferred into berserk beasts. Some had already forgotten about their human identity and become violent, forcing the association to kill them.”

“Some had forgotten their true identity, yet they still kept their name or important events. After some communication, they followed the association back. With the help of the association, they were able to restore their memories. Unfortunately, some were not able to accept their current state and decided to kill themselves.”

“According to the records of the Origin Ability Association, they also found out that the ventilation of the evil organization’s place was damaged. Some kind of small berserk beast with sharp claws might have escaped from there. Due to the probability of it being one of the human soul experiment products, it is extremely dangerous. Thus, to the public, please inform Origin Ability Association immediately.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0092 Are you an undercover sent by those repeaters?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0092 Are you an undercover sent by those repeaters?

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

This was an extensive piece of news.

A reporter had released a news manuscript in order to summarize all the information available at the time of publishing. After Su Hao had finished reading it, he finally understood where this blue dream butterfly came from.

Simultaneously, the blue dream butterfly was staring at the virtual screen.

So she really had been a human before...She wanted to cry, yet no tears would fall. At this moment, she remembered that she was now a butterfly, a butterfly without lacrimal glands. She was also a mutated butterfly, considered to be a berserk beast, the enemy of mankind!

Su Hao quietly stretched out his hand for the blue dream butterfly to lie on.

As he watched the blue dream butterfly on his hand, she curled up her wings and block herself from view. It was similar to a person who had been wounded crying in a corner like a kid.

Inexplicably, Su Hao felt heartache.

“Hey, little brat?” Su Hao smiled, “You don’t miss your home?”

“Home?” The blue dream butterfly slowly opened her wings, revealing a pair of blank eyes.

“This is the era of origin ability!” Su Hao pretended to be undisturbed and smiled, “Anything is possible! If people could transfer your soul to a berserk beast, then there must also be the possibility of transferring it back into a human. Plus, your memory is slowly being restored. Who knows if one day, you’ll be able to recall your identity and home?

“Don’t you want to meet with your parents and loved ones again?” Su Hao asked.

Shua!

The blue dream butterfly flew up suddenly. That gloomy look could no longer be seen as she looked at Su Hao in excitement, “You...Will you help me?”

Su Hao laughed, “Let me ask you this. After staying on my hand for so long, aren’t we friends?”

“Friends...Yes, we are friends!”

The blue dream butterfly excitedly flew around. This also meant that she no longer had to live in wild, becoming a lonely little butterfly who had to carefully survive and live in worry about being eaten by other berserk beasts.

“Do you want to stay in my house or follow me to natural selection class?” Su Hao looked at her, “This year, I will probably be very busy and involved in various dangerous situations. If you stay at home, you can accompany my sister and mum.”

The blue dream butterfly shook her head, “I will follow you. As for danger, you don’t have to worry since the blue dream butterfly’s ability is perfect for concealment.”

“Oh?” Su Hao was puzzled.

“Weng~”

A transparent ripple could be seen on the blue dream butterfly’s body which was followed by her disappearance, leaving no traces behind. However, Su Hao could still sense her presence on his hand.

“Stealth?” Su Hao was shocked.

“No.” The blue dream butterfly shook her head as her stature was once again revealed, “I am using my confusion ability to create a visual alternative, allowing me to blend in with the surrounding environment. That was why you couldn’t see my presence.”

“So it’s like that.” Su Hao realized it was the same concept as a stealthed car!

“If this is the case, we will return to the natural selection class tomorrow.” Su Hao smiled indifferently as he looked at the blue dream butterfly on his hand, “I hope that we will realize our dreams.”

As for the matter concerning the Origin Ability Association, nobody mentioned it.

It was alright to listen to the news. If you took all of its contents as gospel, however, you really were an idiot...With such a good opportunity for research, how would the scientists from the association possibly let it get away from them?

This was the era of origin ability, the era of a dark civilization!

At night, as his family members returned, they had a good time together. Su Hao accompanied his sister to help train her fighting technique before calling it a day.

The next day, Su Hao had already returned to school by early morning.

He leisurely walked onto the campus, but after his half a month absence, the campus appeared to be tenser than normal. Everywhere you looked, there were students bustling about due to the imminent start of the battle of honor!

Su Hao was carrying a little cage in his hand. Inside the cage, a grump blue dream butterfly was trapped.

According to the little brat, this blue dream butterfly’s sanity had been destroyed. Possessing both a berserk beast’s temper and hostility, it had even attacked its own kind. However, since its body didn’t have any problems, there weren’t any problems in keeping it as a pet. Plus, it would help Su Hao in completing the task.

If not for the little brat reminding him, Su Hao would have completely forgotten that his original objective had been to obtain two hundred task points...Who would have thought that the trigger for such earth shaking news in Jianghe City would have been this two hundred point task? If Sun Batian knew this, he would definitely vomit blood in anger.

Su Hao had already seen yesterday’s news. It was well within his expectations.

Although there were quite a number of loopholes in his plan, due to his ability to control his identity, the Sun family couldn’t imagine that the domineering man in white was a third year high school student! His motives for targeting them was not to cause the Sun family losses. With such a large event having transpired, the Sun family’s lackeys wouldn’t have the time of day to bother him.

Su Hao’s mood was pretty great.

After entering campus, Su Hao’s mood became even better by meeting a good friend of his, Sun Yaotian.

“Aiyo, isn’t this the prince of Sun family.” Su Hao looked at Sun Yaotian who was walking over from opposite side, revealing a trace of smile, “Yesterday, I saw a picture of Prince Sun. It was really interesting.”

Sun Yaotian’s face was bad, extremely sour.

The picture mentioned by Su Hao was none other than the picture of Sun Yaotian wearing a laboratory coat taken by those damn journalists. Although the Sun family managed to remove them, the Sun family was only powerful in Jianghe City. What about the rest of cities from different corners of the Earth? In the Internet era, numerous forums had the pictures of him.

In addition, his father’s lesson from yesterday was still vibrating within his ears.

“Yaotian, I won’t help you in dealing with this. If you can’t even handle an ordinary student from a poor family, what qualifications do you have to inherit the Sun family’s industry? Talent, resources, in which parts of these you are inferior to Su Hao? Why are you always losing? Reflect on this and think about it yourself! If it’s crafty exploitation, your brother alone is already enough! If you want to be a capable man, show me that you can beat him without any petty tricks! Only then will you have a unyielding heart!”

Sun Yaotian clenched his hand together. His body was visibly trembling. Yes, his talent and resources were superior to that of Su Hao’s. Yet, why had he lost to Su Hao?

Why did he hide himself behind tricks every encounter?

Why didn’t he even have the courage to stand in front of him?

Was he afraid of losing?

“No, absolutely not!” Sun Yaotian roared, finally daring to look at Su Hao, “Su Hao, I am challenging you. Do you dare accept?”

The loud roar echoed within the campus, shocking all passerbys.

All the students raised their head to look at Sun Yaotian. This brat, had he taken the wrong medicine? Forget about his random shouting which could scare off a little girl, he even went ahead and challenged the top freshmen?

Su Hao was also shocked by the roar. Upon looking at the madness on Sun Yaotian’s face, he seemed to understand something.

“Interesting...” Su Hao squinted his eyes, looking at Sun Yaotian.

Sun Yaotian caught his breath and stared at Su Hao. All the students passing by had stopped to watch this strange scene unfold. What was going on here?After the last battle in martial arts hall, the two of them hadn’t clashed for a long time! Such a scene attracted a large crowd once again.

A silver light flashed. Su Hao noticed Zhou Wang standing within the crowd, with a nonchalant look in his face. Like a crane in a flock of chickens, he assumed a state of not concerning oneself. Yet, his eyes were locked in this direction.

This guy...

Su Hao was speechless.

Looking at the expression of Sun Yaotian, Su Hao stepped forward step by step. Standing exactly in front of Sun Yaotian, such a scene really made the crowd nervous. These two wouldn’t break out into a brawl, right?

“You want to challenge me?” Su Hao casually looked at Sun Yaotian.

“Yes!” Sun Yaotian raised his head. Staring at Su Hao with red eyes, “I want to challenge you to a fair and square battle once!”

“Battle simulation building?” Su Hao raised his eyebrow.

“No, the training field! I don’t want a battle simulation, but real combat!” Sun Yaotian gritted his teeth as his eyes revealed unprecedented madness.

The surrounding crowd was in an uproar!

A real battle!

It was extremely dangerous. Plus, it was pretty obvious that Sun Yaotian couldn’t defeat Su Hao. Although his talent was strong, talent didn’t directly represent strength. No matter what Su Hao’s talent was, his current strength was definitely ahead of everyone else here. Was Sun Yaotian trying to get a beating?

Su Hao looked at Sun Yaotian’s expression. He smiled out of nowhere and patted his shoulder, “Are you an undercover mole sent by the repeaters?”

“Huh?”

Sun Yaotian was at a loss. What did he mean?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0093 The eve of the battle of honor
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0093 The eve of the battle of honor

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

Su Hao casually replied, “Tomorrow is the battle of honor. If I was to battle with you today, no matter the result, I wouldn’t be able to maintain my best condition for the battle of honor. This is your aim, right?”

“Huh?”

Sun Yaotian was a bit too emotional. Just now, after having received stimulation from Su Hao, he had already placed the battle of honor in the back of his mind. He finally had the courage to fail after remembering that he was not someone who was afraid of failure! However, upon being toyed with, he was speechless.

The crowd reacted to this accusation with a roar. If Su Hao really did fight Sun Yaotian in real combat and happened to be injured, wouldn’t tomorrow’s battle of honor have concluded for him before it began?

Sun Yaotian had acted without thinking beforehand.

“So, I will decline.” Su Hao was very firm with his decision, “Everyone knows that the freshmen won’t win easily in the first battle of honor. But no matter what, I will fight to my heart content. As for battles concerning private interests, I will leave them for last.”

After saying this, Su Hao left.

Su Hao had refused.

The surrounding crowd also began to scatter, leaving Sun Yaotian alone in confusion. He really didn’t have such intentions... Last time, in order to defeat Su Hao, he had employed various dirty tricks and still ended up beaten badly. Now, he had presented himself as food for Su Hao, yet couldn’t get things done?

“With your current strength, you could easily teach him a lesson without suffering injuries.” Zhou Wang said as he looked at Su Hao who was walking towards him, “With such hatred between the both of you, you would normally never let go of such a golden opportunity.”

“What happens after I fight him? It is not like I could kill him.” Su Hao laughed, “If I could end his life, I would do so without hesitation. It’s too bad. If I really dared to do so, the head of Sun family would definitely turn Jianghe City into battlefield.”

Su Hao stated this with a deep meaning.

If he could kill Sun Yaotian, he would have already done so while in the underground laboratory.

“True.” Zhou Wang also felt fear as he thought of that person from the Sun family. With his tendencies, if Sun Yaotian managed to die, he might really declare war with all of his forces. He would not hesitate in turning Jianghe City into a battlefield, creating an unimaginable number of casualties.

“Hey, this is not right. Why am I discussing killing Sun Yaotian with you?” Zhou Wang hit his forehead in speechlessness, “A while ago, didn’t he send someone to cause you trouble, trapping you in the police station? Based on my observations, with your personality, you would definitely return the favor.”

Their circle was so huge. Sun Yaotian resorting to such methods was not something which could be hidden from them.

“It’s different.” Su Hao shook his head.

“Huh?”

Zhou Wang didn’t understand what was different this time.

Su Hao squinted his eyes. Of course it was different.

After all his blood and sweat, he had finally been able to leave a shadow within Sun Yaotian’s heart. Sun Yaotian just now, had struggled to rack up the courage to challenge him. If he had challenged him successfully and discovered the shadow to be a figment of his own imagination, Su Hao would face countless challenges and troubles in the future.

With a spurt of energy, Su Hao’s rejection was like pouring cold water onto Sun Yaotian’s newly found determination.

After gathering his courage just to be ridiculed, it wouldn’t be as easy for Sun Yaotian to gather his courage next time around. After three times, it was likely that Sun Yaotian would no longer be capable of facing Su Hao. This was something Su Hao had learned from a book titled ‘Psychological Tactics Guide’. The advantages of being a bookworm were once again displayed.

Teacher Su Wan had told him before, fighting was diverse!

Looking at the expression of Su Hao, Zhou Wang had an inexplicable feeling of eeriness. He had three seconds of silence for Sun Yaotian. No matter who you had to offend, avoid offending Su Hao at all costs.

“Tomorrow’s battle, are you confident?” Zhou Wang changed topics.

“Can you stop joking?” Su Hao rolled his eyes, “Of course not. The gap is too huge. The only thing we can do is take care of our own ability and get the best personal ranking possible!”

“Almost all the repeaters’ origin ability are above us.” Zhou Wang was worried.

“So what if it is?” Su Hao indifferently said, “The battle of honor is a war in large terrain. Some students’ origin abilities are not suitable for such a situation.”

“That is also true.” Zhou Wang felt dumb.

“Just prepare yourself. Even if you can’t win, consider it as gaining experience.” Su Hao patted Zhou Wang’s shoulder, “I will go hand over my task first.”

“En.”

Zhou Wang nodded as he left.

Entering the school’s task firm, Su Hao handed over a blue dream butterfly to complete his task.

Yesterday, due to countless of blue dream butterflies flying around, quite a number of people had managed to catch some. The past two days, the rate of completion regarding the blue dream butterfly task was significantly higher. In the eyes of the seniors, Su Hao was clearly one of those lucky ones.

“Two star mission. Berserk beast capture completed. 300 task points reward.”

“Completed!”

Su Hao exclaimed in excitement. After all, this task was not easy.

Di!

After the task points were credited into his account, Su Hao had a look at his current task points. A total of 3000 points! He had successfully reached the requirement to buy body forging technique!

After reaching his target, Su Hao kept his calm. This was because even if he had body forging technique, he didn’t have the time to train it it right now.

Time!

Body forging technique was not the same as fighting technique, but a method to improve physical qualities. What he needed was exercise, exercise, and more work outs! Using origin ability to slowly modify physical quality was a long process. It was not the same as fighting technique, something which could be easily mastered.

This was also the reason why Su Hao had aimed for body forging technique first.

The earlier he obtained body forging technique, the earlier he could start his training. If he was to obtain it later, he might not be able to master body forging technique even by the time college exams had arrived.

“Tomorrow, after the battle of honor, I will obtain 100 task points regardless of the outcome. Then, I will concentrate in body forging technique. Before this... I will need to restore my condition to its peak.”

Su Hao sat cross legged. His beginner origin ability transition technique began to activate, with traces of energy appearing.

During mock exam, he had scored 1200 points. At that time, he was clear that of the last 400 points he had obtained from ability index, 100 points were obtained with a trick. If a thorough investigation was carried out on Su Hao’s origin ability energy within his body, they’d be able to detect the problem.

Su Hao’s actions couldn’t really considered as cheating.

It was because of the assessment of origin ability talent. The model he had shown was as if an E grade product was pushed to D grade. That was why his points had increased by a large margin. This wasn’t really a problem, but such data would be inconsistent with the guideline given by the Origin Ability Association.

After all, the Origin Ability Association had given the assessment of grade E for model analysis, which was clearly documented!

If Su Hao was assessed in the Origin Ability Association, the score he obtained would definitely be different from the one he had obtained in mock exam. If that group of scientists noticed the changes in Su Hao’s ability, he would definitely be detained for their research.

Fortunately, Su Hao had already mastered beginner origin ability transition technique, officially increasing his origin ability by another 100 points. His overall points reached 1200, which meant his origin ability was now truly 12 points!

For the duration of one day, Su Hao didn’t do anything but wholeheartedly immerse himself in cultivation. These few days, engaging in intense battles had tired him greatly. He needed to relax his body and ensure his mental condition was optimal for tomorrow’s battle!

The battle of honor, the true duel!

At this time, September 30th, more and more students returned to campus. Several dozen students returned during the evening trip alone.

The empty and peaceful campus turned lively once again!

The natural selection class had a total of two hundred students. On most days, the majority of them would be busy completing tasks outside of campus. Only a few students could be seen on campus at that time. At the end of the month, almost one hundred percent of them would be return, which made the campus busy again.

The most interesting part was that some who obtained some rare materials from outside were not willing to sell them to the school store, but then willing to exchange them among students. However, what was more interesting was that it was only among the same batch. Repeaters would only exchange with other repeaters. The same applied to the freshmen too.

Everyone was prepared for the battle of honor. Compared with the freshmen’s preparation, the old timer repeaters had a much smoother time.

The night quietly passed by.

The battle of honor was getting closer!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0094 Record Breaking
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0094 Record Breaking

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“All students, please gather at the martial arts building at 10 am.”

“The battle of honor is about to begin. Please be prepared.”

Two short messages were sent to everyone. Su Hao glanced at the messages, washed up, and ate his breakfast. After finishing, he headed towards the martial art building. If you carefully observed him, you would be able to tell that he was anything but calm.

Was he stressed out?

No. It was not nervousness, but excitement!

Su Hao had participated in countless battles, but they had mostly involved fighting berserk beasts. As for duels against another person, there were only a handful!

Fighting berserk beasts was quite simple. After determining the type and obtaining information about it, you could form a plan for dealing with it. The rate of victory would be quite high. This was the advantage granted by human intelligence. However, he was now facing a hundred students, with no clue as to their abilities or tendencies. Plus, their origin abilities were all much greater than his!

Regardless of the result, he would gain valuable experience from the battle of honor.

Su Hao was looking forward to it!

Within the martial arts building, many students had already gathered in advance in preparation for the event. Freshmen and repeaters were divided on either side, along with one hundred machines each.

A few repeaters walked in confidently, cracking jokes. The confident aura permeating from their bodies made Su Hao’s mind more alert. The strength of these people was formidable!

Noticing the freshmen who were waiting here, the repeaters stared at the freshmen with a provocative look. Many freshmen lowered their heads, not daring to stare back. The gap in strength was too great, leaving them without the littlest bit of confidence.

Su Hao frowned, but didn’t pay any attention to them. His state of mind remained calm and tranquil. There were only ten minutes left. He didn’t want to join in on the circus act.

“Look? Look at what?” A mocking shout could be heard, “Repeaters are strong? You’re just an egg, a group of students who failed their college entrance exams! You’ve just lived longer than others by a year, that’s all.

Living like a dog, besides bullying your junior brothers, I’m afraid you guys don’t have anything else to show.”

Shua!

The lively atmosphere in martial art building became frigid. That faces of several repeaters turned stiff. This person’s words had struck a nerve.

“Who are you?!” A repeater asked in a cold tone.

“Me?” The student pointed at his own nose, “I am Li Xin! This young master is destined to enroll in Zhanzheng College. You guys appreciate the time you have left. After this young master gets strongers, I will teach you trash a lesson.”

Li Xin?

A trace of a smile could be seen on Su Hao’s face. Wasn’t he that guy who had wasted one use of his life and death command? He really was as bold as ever.

“Great, Li Xin. I will remember you! Remember my name, I am...”

Shua!

Li Xin raised his hand, “This young master is not interested in remembering a loser’s name. Wait until you’re famous. Only then would you qualify to have me remember your name. Zhao Feng, who has a 13 point origin ability, is known as prince of close combat. You are just a background character without any title, destined to be the stepping stone of this young master.”

Li Xin turned around and left after finishing his sentence. The repeater’s face had an awful expression sprawled across it. The latter half of the sentence had really instilled hatred, “Li Xin...I will make you regret your words!”

Li Xin chose a machine and sat on it. He just happened to land next to Su Hao.

“You’re pretty courageous.” Su Hao faintly smiled as he looked at Li Xin.

“Hey?” Li Xin just noticed that Su Hao was sitting next to him. Carefully looking, “You are Su Hao, right? It’s really you! Wow! Do you have the courage to slaughter them this time around?”

“Slaughter them...”

Su Hao bitterly smiled, “Don’t even think about it with so little time. After provoking the repeaters, you walked away pretty quickly.”

“Of course.” Li Xin curled his mouth, “After all, I am not capable of defeating him now. Talk is cheap, of course I have to flee quickly. If I was to be captured, the consequences would be dire.”

“Ha.”

Su Hao laughed. This guy wasn’t as silly as he looked.

“Oh yeah, Su Hao. Your record in field exploration was broken yesterday.” Li Xin happily said.

“Oh? Zhou Wang?” Su Hao said in a soft tone. At this time, the only one who could possibly break his record was none other than Zhou Wang, who possessed abnormal strength equal to his! With a month, Zhou Wang’s strength had probably advanced leaps and bounds, landing above his own. After all, enhancing one’s origin ability was much faster than improving your physical quality.

“No, it’s a guy named Gao Xiang.”

“Gao Xiang?” Su Hao pondered for a moment. He couldn’t recall any information about such a person and asked, “Not in the top ten?”

“Of course not. He is outside the top fifty.” Li xin happily continued, “This guy not only broke the 2000 meter record, but rushed all the way to 4000 meters!”

“4000 meters!”

Su Hao was shocked. This was no joke! He had struggled like a mad man to reach 2000 meters. A freshman who was outside of the top fifty had been able to rush directly to 4000 meters?

“What’s the situation here?”

“Hehe, you’re shocked right?” Li xin proudly replied, “Many other people were shocked as well. However, after doing my research, I discovered that his origin ability was none other than...flight! He is the person in our school that always wears wings, the birdman!”

“Birdman?”

Su Hao had a vivid impression of him. He recalled that in the school field, there would always be a birdman flying around in an unstable manner. While practicing his origin ability with the wings, he had left an impression on quite a number of people. Su Hao would have never expected that he would also manage to enter the natural selection class.

“Yeah, that’s him.” Li xin continued with emotion, “This guy relied on his origin ability and just sprinted to the outside! The berserk beasts within 3000 meters were not able to touch him at all. It was only after reaching 4000 meters, that he got himself slapped down by a berserk beast.”

“Oh? Then how did he return?”

“Return? Stop joking. After being beaten by a berserk beast from 4000 meters away, could he still return? Of course he activated the life and death command. Even though the teacher managed to save him, he had already received quite a heavy injury. He had to spend 100 task points for the school teacher to give him medicine.” Li Xin had a bit of regret after narrating things up to this point, “Aiya, 4000 meters, how much of reward is that? Life and death commands could be used in such a way. It’s such a shame that I wasted one.”

Su Hao laughed out loud, “Say this after you can fly.”

“Oh yeah.” Li Xin returned back to his excitement.

Yet another guy with big nerves...

Su Hao shook his head and smiled. Looking at the time on virtual screen, he saw that there were still five minutes left. “It is about the time. Let’s prepare.”

“En.”

Li Xin also sat in the machine.

Two minutes remained. Everyone was already present. A burly teacher took a big step and walked into the building. It was none other than the instructor for high intensity physical strength training, Zhang Qiang!

“The machines are already connected. You can now link to the virtual fighting room!” Zhang Qiang said out loud.

“Kacha!”

“Kacha!”

Countless connection sounds could be heard. Su Hao sat inside the machine, his wrists and ankles locked down. As the machine started, a faint blue light came from above and scanned over Su Hao’s body. At the same time, countless lights flashed by. When he opened his eyes again, he found himself inside the virtual room already.

“Ding~”

“Virtualization is complete~”

“Checking DNA - personal information finished loading - establishing character for each person - establishment complete - ”

“Hua!”

The familiar virtual room, besides the gorgeous sheet of virtual screen, was completely white. A message suddenly popped out from the screen. Su Hao tapped it to have a look and the battle of honor details appeared.

Battle of honor.

Participants: Repeaters and freshmen.

Condition for victory: Kill every student you see.

Warning: The battle of honor will create a virtual map. All students will be sent there. Student will appear in designated location on the map.

“Creating a virtual map on the spot? Appearing in a designated location on the map?”

Su Hao ran a quick analysis. Did this mean that if the map was different, the way they’d fight would be different too?

The first time freshmen participated in the battle of honor, would usually end in a massacre. Whether it was terrain, battle tactics, or strength, there was too big of a gap between the freshmen and repeaters. Su Hao had obtained as much information as he could from his limited resources.

“Ding!”

A notification echoed, causing Su Hao to look at the virtual screen. The time was exactly 10 am sharp.

“The battle of honor starts now!”

“Shua!”

Su Hao felt a change of scenery unfold in front of his eyes. It felt like his entire body was floating within a stream of data. Countless colors flashed past his eyes, before turning back into white and becoming clearer.

When Su Hao opened his eyes, countless information laid in front of him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0095 Dark forest
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0095 Dark forest

Translator: Yorasu I Editor: SourGummies

Virtual landscape: Dark forest

Number of participants: 200 people

List of participants: All students

Winning condition: All foes must die

“Dark forest!”

Su Hao first scanned through the surrounding landscape. This was a lonely forest, surrounded by towering trees, adorned by the sound of flowing water. It was a full moon, incredibly bright due to its contrast with the dark forest. The dark forest was incredibly beautiful with the moonlight illuminating it from above.

So it was like this!

Su Hao had a new conclusion regarding the ‘spawn location based on the virtual map’. If he didn’t guess incorrectly, the battle would be a chaotic brawl involving personal combat.

If the scene had been similar to the ghost castle, the fighting mode would probably have been a group battle.

In fact, Su Hao was almost right on the mark.

After being transferred to the dark forest, a lot of repeaters let out a string of swears. Individual battles and random spawns were quite troublesome for them. If it was a group battle, with one hundred repeaters grouped up, they could easily sweep away the freshmen in one go. Within this type of forest map, finding someone was no easy task!

“Individual battles...I love this.”

Su Hao raised a smile on the corner of his mouth. Leaping forward, he quietly hid himself in the darkness under the moonlight.

Forests were something he was familiar with.

“I could meet both teammates and enemies at any time.”

Su Hao quickly analyzed. If he stumbled upon teammates, that would be fortunate. If he were to stumble across enemy... It was worth noting that even the weakest of repeaters had at least 13 points of origin ability!

He mustn’t face them directly. He would have to use terrain to his advantage!

Su Hao thought at the speed of light. Since this was called the dark forest and a virtual scene, the sun probably wouldn’t exist. Till the end of battle, it would maintain the dark environment. As long as he was able to evade the moonlight and hide himself in the dark, he wouldn’t be discovered.

“If it is dark...”

A light suddenly lit up in Su Hao’s mind. If he was to activate his origin ability now...

Model analysis, start!

“Hong!”

Su Hao’s sight turned imaginary. Su Hao was in the centre as the surrounding scene rapidly grew. This time, the target of Su Hao’s model analysis turned out to be the entire forest!

Was this even possible?

When he had just mastered the advanced origin ability cultivation technique, he had been able to build a model of the ghost castle, which was hundreds of square meters. Yet he had only been able to maintain it for three seconds!

When he had mastered the origin ability transition technique, he had been able to create a model of the underground laboratory, which was thousands of square meters. It had lasted the same duration as before, three seconds!

And this time...it turned out to be the entire forest?

How big was this forest? Ten thousand square meters? One hundred thousand square meters? He didn’t know!

Shua!

A large scale model was established within his mind. In less than a fraction of a millisecond, the model built by Su Hao collapsed.

Failed!

The model hadn’t managed to succeed. When it had reached 86 meters from him, the model had already disintegrated. This was because this time, Su Hao was not only building the terrain, but everything!

Terrain! Characters!

As long as everything was in contact, Su Hao built the model within his mind. Naturally, the energy consumption was enormous. This was especially true when he was in contact with a character. The moment when energy consumption for a character model had started, his progress was immediately ended.

“11 o’clock from me, about 86 meters away, someone is there!”

Su Hao said so within his heart. This was his true aim.

At that moment, when his origin ability had spread through the ground to begin analyzing models, a model had begun forming within his mind. The instant a character had been creation, he had quickly cut off his ability. This would save his energy, yet allow him to detect characters.

Sure enough, only in actual combat would there be a continuation of progress.

Su Hao once again noticed another new function of his model analysis.

“For the time being, I will name you...life detection.”

A living body and an ordinary object were very different. Living beings acted as a high energy light within the dark forest. This was the reason why Su Hao had been able to cut his ability off the moment he detected a living character. Of course, if he was able to establish a model for the character, it would be even better. However, the current Su Hao was incapable of supporting such high energy costs.

“0.01 milliseconds, yet ten percent of my energy had been consumed!”

Su Hao frowned. This new feature was not practical. The consumption was too huge. At least in this dark forest, no matter how fast the consumption was, it was still worthwhile.

“Let’s go and have a look.”

Su Hao’s stature moved. Like a ghost, he disappeared into darkness.

There were a lot of strange plants within dark forest.

Su Hao dared not touch them. According to his knowledge, more than thirty percent of these strange plants were toxic. Of course, he couldn’t confirm whether these simulated plants were toxic too.

Su Hao carefully moved in the forest. When he reached a distance of 86 meters from his original spot, he didn’t spot anyone. It was obvious that the student had already traveled from this area.

Upon reaching this spot, Su Hao was extremely cautious.

He bent down as low as he could in order to hide his body. As for the uniform on his body, Su Hao had dyed it dark green using tree leaves.

Environmental concealment.

Why did the army and marines make camouflaged clothing? To hide! Only when one mirrored the actual environment, would optical camouflage occur, hiding the entire body.

Su Hao had rubbed the juice of leaves on his white uniform to dye it green.

Under the moonlight, a white uniform was extremely eye catching. But now, even if the moonlight was to fall directly on Su Hao’s body, it would only reveal a lump of green.

Su Hao had completely hidden himself inside the bush.

However, as Su Hao took a deep breath to calm himself, a strange sound could be heard into the distance.

“This sound...”

Su Hao quietly trekked towards the source of the sound. After exiting the brush, the sound could be heard more clearly.

Su Hao slowly raised his head towards the direction of the sound.

“Hong!”

A bright white light flashed by. Su Hao subconsciously closed his eyes and squatted down.

“Not good, did the enemy find me?”

After being caught off guard by the white light, Su Hao had been blinded temporarily. However, due to his strong psychological strength, he maintained his calm. Since he couldn’t see anything, he simply had to close his eyes.

Shua!

Since his eyes were closed, he was able to clearly pick up any sounds of movement. Su Hao was very attentive in listening to the enemy’s movement, but the strange part was that the foe hadn’t reacted at all.

“They noticed presence of someone, but couldn’t pinpoint the location?”

Su Hao wagered a guess. He held his breath, lowering his body even further.

Three seconds had passed. Su Hao slowly opened his eyes. His vision had recovered for the most part, but there was still some remnants of light around him. Even while in the bush, he could see clearly. At the same time, a crackling sound could be heard, accompanied by a weak scent.

Suddenly, an absurd idea popped out within Su Hao’s heart.

Don’t tell me that...

Su Hao quickly raised his head from the bush. He really felt that it was ridiculous. Su Hao had anxiously hid himself just now, yet the situation in front of him was really...

In the open space in front of him, a student wearing white uniform was holding a large stick in his hand. The top of the stick was burning brightly.

Drilling wood to make fire!

That sound had been from this person drilling wood to make fire. As Su Hao raised his head, the fire had finally come to life. He didn’t know what kind of wood this was, but the fire was pretty powerful to have been capable of causing his vision to be temporarily impaired.

This brat was pretty smart, being capable of finding something to burn in such a short period of time. He also knew how to use a torch to enhance his vision so he could see further but...

Could you be any funnier than this?

When you’re trying to light someone up, don’t you realize that you’re the first one to be exposed?

Su Hao was no longer able to condemn this guy. He was confident that if there was anyone else nearby, they would have noticed the fire here.

If a repeater was attracted...a miserable death would await.

No doubt!

The only ones capable of doing such a silly thing were none other than the inexperienced freshmen!

At first, Su Hao planned on reminding him of this, but they didn’t have any relationship whatsoever. Plus, this guy might not even listen to his advice. With the way this guy acted, even if he didn’t make such a scene, he probably wouldn’t have survived much longer.

Suddenly, Su Hao’s mind moved. Even if he wouldn’t help him, why not use him? It could be considered as him contributing to the freshmen.

Su Hao quietly lurked within the bush without moving, as if something was running through his mind.

It was within Su Hao’s expectation.

Two minutes later, a student wearing a dazzling yellow uniform appeared. A repeater!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0096 Planning a trap
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0096 Planning a trap

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

While in the virtual reality of the battle of honor, clothes were not allowed to be taken off.

White referred to freshmen and yellow represented repeaters. Both were incredibly eye catching. You were barred from removing the enemies’ clothing and wearing it to disguise your allegiance. Plus, repeaters were already well aware of each other’s’ identities. This rule was clearly implemented to prevent the repeaters from taking advantage of the fact that freshmen didn’t know each other very well.

Su Hao laid down on the bush. As he peeked through the mouth of the bush, he could see that the freshman remained clueless.

This guy still hadn’t realized?

He really didn’t...

Su Hao was speechless.

He looked at the repeater who had resorted to taking a roundabout route, getting ever so closer to the freshmen.

Ten meters... Nine meters... Eight meters...

Su Hao squinted his eyes.

“En?”

The freshman seemed to have noticed that something wasn’t right and stood up.

Shua!

A yellow shadow flashed. The repeater had quickly hid himself behind a large tree.

After scoping out the area around him, the freshman still couldn’t notice anything out of the ordinary and sat down, “Haix, I simply can’t see anything at night... When morning arrives, that will be great. My ability will blind your eyes!”

“Fool!”

Su Hao cursed for a second. Since this was called the dark forest, there obviously wouldn’t be a daytime! This guy wanted to wait for morning?

Quietly, the repeater showed up once again.

Although this repeater was significantly stronger than the freshman, his steps remained cautious. He showed no signs of panic. Looking at this, Su Hao felt that the gap between these two was too huge! Whether it was strength, psychology, or even experience, the freshman was nowhere close.

Seven meters... Six meters... Five meters...

“Who?”

The freshman was obviously on high alert. As he turned around, the repeater smiled sinisterly. A yellow shadow flashed by as his whole body moved forward!

“Kill!”

Su Hao already couldn’t bear watching any longer. A weak freshman against the attack of an old timer...

“Hong!”

A fiery flame burst out from the repeater’s hand. This was the most common flame ability, a close range explosion. The entirety of the explosive force was directed at the freshman’s body.

Was he going to die?

Su Hao stared at the scene in front of him without blinking. He discovered a horrifying sight.

The body of the freshman suddenly reduced in size. His entire figure had been reduced to the size of a rope, with an extremely fragile appearance. As the blaze passed by, it was hard to focus ,as the diameter of the freshman’s current body was only about 1 cm!

“Sou!”

The flame passed through his body. The freshman’s body instantly expanded back to normal. His left hand suddenly stretched forward and pulled the repeater towards him, as he bombarded him with punches.

“Damn it!”

The repeater was obviously stunned by the turn of events and struggled as hard as he could. What kind of ability was this?

However, the body of the freshman was like a fortress and had tightly entangled the repeater. His entire arm stretched forward and with a quick twist, the repeater was trapped. The repeater simply couldn’t break free at all. The only thing he could do was resign himself to the bombardment of punches/

At this moment, Su Hao had finally realized the truth behind the current situation.

He had unexpectedly also been fooled by this guy!

Others were looking for him. But how sure were you that he wasn’t baiting them? With such a strange ability, the repeater’s sneak attack had backfired.

But...a repeater was still a repeater. The gap in origin ability, was it really that simple to overcome?

As Su Hao was pondering, the scene of the fight changed once again.

The repeater had unsuccessfully tried several times to break through. He had been reduced to a sorry state by the never ending punches being thrown his way. With a trace of blood flowing from the corner of his mouth, he finally lost his cool. His entire body became shrouded in red flames. This entire section of the forest was illuminated by his red body.

“Hong!”

A dazzling flame ring appeared from the repeater’s body. The freshman was instantly blasted outwards. Black spots could be seen on his body, as he continued to burn.

“Little brat, good plan!” The repeater looked at him and said, “But it ends here!”

“Hong!”

This repeater was now on alert. More flame rings appeared within his hand, preventing the freshman from getting any closer. The freshman tried to stretch his arms several times, but repeater was able to easily evade his attacks.

This sort of outcome wasn’t surprising with such a huge gap between the two of them. The freshman struggled for a while longer before being killed on the spot.

“Huh...One task point in hand.” The repeater sighed and wiped the sweat from his forehead, “Damn, I almost met with an unexpected failure. Why are there so many abnormal fellows in this batch’s freshmen? The ability just now...changing shapes? It has been a long time since I came across such strange ability.”

As the flame died off, the whole forest was once again restored to darkness.

When adjusting from a bright area to a dark one, it was typical to suffer a brief moment of temporary visual impairment. The moment the fired died off, Su Hao made his move!

“Sou!”

Su Hao’s figure jumped out from the bush!

“Who?”

The repeater was obviously shocked by this. The darkness greatly impaired his vision, preventing him from seeing a thing. Just as he prepared to react, he felt a hand grasp his neck. A second later, a very strong force was passed to his neck.

“Kacha!”

The repeater’s neck was twisted on the spot.

Su Hao let go of his grip. The repeater’s body fell to the ground without any resistance.

His shadow moved again. Su Hao’s dark green uniform blended in with his surroundings, melding into the shadows. It was impossible to detect him at this stage. Since his blow had succeeded, Su Hao made his retreat. The two battles just now had attracted the attention of quite a large number of people. At this moment, leaving was the best option.

Sure enough, just as Su Hao left, a yellow uniform figure appeared at the scene. All that was left were two corpses, each wearing a uniform from either side.

He squatted down. After inspecting his surroundings, bright eyes could be seen from the repeater, “The mantis stalked the cicada, unaware of the oriole behind. Seems like this batch’s freshmen has quite a number of talented students.”

He had one point in hand.

Su Hao hid himself in darkness once again. As he lay within the bush, he began to slowly recover.

His first move had been perfect!

As for the reason why he didn’t help the freshman just now, the answer was simple. It was too bothersome!

Not everyone would appreciate your efforts in saving them. Especially in this virtual fitting room. If he was to move forward during the battle between repeater and the freshman, killing the repeater, there were several possible outcomes.

For example, that freshman might ask him why he hadn’t helped him earlier? Or why he had saved him, was he trying to take his point?

At that time, perhaps they might have even become enemies.

Thus, this was the best.

Clean and neat! A point in his hand!

As he analyzed the battle just now, the only thing which Su Hao was unhappy with was how the freshman had also managed to fool him. It it hadn’t been a freshmen, but a repeater, would Su Hao have taken the bait?

“Never consider anyone as a fool!”

Su Hao reminded himself. Even if it really was an idiot, he must treat them with respect. If he was to develop any bad habits, it would be troublesome when he entered the battlefield for real...

This was a battle of honor, where even the slightest mistakes are intolerable...

After fully recovering his energy, Su Hao’s mind became active once again. He started his origin ability.

Model analysis, start!

“Hong!”

Countless models emerged within his mind before instantly collapsing. This time, twenty percent of his energy capacity had been exerted!

“8 o’clock from me, 300 meters away, there is someone!”

Su Hao once again quietly moved towards 8 o’clock from him.

At the school control center.

Within the empty school control center, countless of virtual screens were flashing. Above them, the current situation of the battle of honor was shown.

The first virtual screen showed the current score between both teams. The repeaters had 30 points while the freshmen had a single point to their name.

The second virtual screen was a map of the dark forest. Above the map, countless of red and blue dots were flashing. The disappearance of a dot represented a student who had been eliminated from the battlefield.

The third virtual screen shared highlights.. Whenever a dot disappeared, the virtual screen would immediately show the scene of the elimination, From the beginning, this screen had replayed various highlights within moments of occurring. The vast majority of these highlights were of brilliant moves by the repeaters that had managed to kill their targets.

Nothing was too interesting. It was a one-sided affair caused by suppression of absolute strength.

As for this virtual screen, it was a fixed type, allowing you to lock onto the movements of certain students. It currently showed the situation of several repeaters.

In a short duration of ten minutes, thirty freshmen had been killed, with a single casualty for the repeaters.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0097 The freshmens counterattack
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0097 The freshmen’s counterattack

Translator: Yorasu l Editor: SourGummies

“This year’s freshmen are a bit too weak.”

The natural selection campus’ vice president frowned. Under normal circumstances, the freshmen would usually be a beating bag their first time around. However, the current difference in casualties between the two sides still left him with a sour taste in his mouth.

In order to show showcase the campus’ progress, a decent performance was required from the freshmen. The best possible outcome would have been for each new class to improve upon the previous year’s result.

“Principal, don’t be anxious. It is just the start.” Su Wan gently flipped her hair, “This scene is troublesome for the repeaters only with regards to finding victims. If it was a team battle, a few random punches might be capable of scoring them some points. This kind of personal battle... It isn’t that beneficial to them.”

“Stop finding excuses.” The vice principal looked at the battle on the screen with visible worry on his face, “Last batch’s natural selection class was obviously weaker. If this batch is even weaker, our funding might be cut off.”

Several teachers glanced among themselves, but remained silent.

The repeaters had only died once. However, it was not an interesting battle. This was because when the screen played the highlight, they were stupefied as they saw eight freshmen coincidentally meet. By teaming up, they managed to kill a repeater, but paid a heavy price.

The repeater had been extremely strong. His origin ability was at 16 points. Even among the repeaters, he was a well known figure.

It had been an eight vs one battle, yet it ended in everyone perishing together. Such a scene made the school teachers speechless. The repeater had managed to instantly jump to rank one, a worthwhile trade on his part.

With a bad atmosphere in the room, the screen suddenly flashed. An interesting playback appeared.

A few people looked up, seeing a repeater with burnt arms. Wielding a flame, he engulfed a freshman in fire, banishing him into the dark forest.

The score was now 31 to 1, with another freshman dead.

The vice president sighed deeply. However, he didn’t even have the chance to open his mouth when yet another dot on the map flashed and disappeared. A highlight began to play itself.

Shua!

The screen flashed.

In the darkness, the previous repeater who wielded the flame ability was shown once again.

“Huh?”

Everyone looked on in surprise. This repeater had killed someone again in such a short span of time?

On the screen, the repeater extinguished the flame. It was clear that he shouldn’t stick around too long after causing such a commotion. As he was about to leave, a shadow flashed by. With a ‘kacha’ sound, he fell to the ground without any resistance.

A repeater had died!

The score on the screen changed to 31 to 2.

“Who is that?”

“No idea, I couldn’t see clearly.”

“Magnify it. Immediately magnify it. Cancel the darkness!” The vice principal ordered.

The technical staff immediately replayed the highlight they had just viewed.

With the virtual screen production under the control of the technical staff, the entire dark forest was turned into a bright day. This time, everything could be clearly seen.

The figure which appeared from within the bush revealed himself for just two seconds. The first second was the moment he had slain the repeater and the next second was spent leaving the scene. A repeater with such a powerful ability had been eliminated so easily. This barely qualified as an interesting highlight. If both of them were to fight face to face, it would have surely been more interesting.

“This student is?” The vice principal asked.

“Su Hao, the top student in this batch’s freshmen. His origin ability is 12 points. Somehow, his progress hasn’t increased the past month. I wonder what was he busy with, but it seems that his strength has grown a lot.” Zhang Qiang gave a brief explanation after accessing the data of Su Hao.

The first month!

It was the best period of time progressing leaps and bounds. Most people would progress at least an additional point in origin ability. Yet, there were no changes in Su Hao’s origin ability. According to the data recorded during simulation, Su Hao’s origin ability had stabilized at 12 points. This entire month, his origin ability hadn;t increased at all.

“Not bad, top freshman.” The vice principal nodded with a thoughtful expression.

However, that one move of Su Hao seemed to have been the precursor to the battle’s prelude.

At this moment, another dot disappeared. The virtual screen showed another exciting scene.

In an open space within the dark forest, a dazzling white light illuminated an area of nearly 100 meters in circumference. Numerous lights appeared from the sky. Thunder as thick as an arm hacked a repeater to death.

For several seconds, there were nothing but blinding white rays.

The score refreshed!

Thirty-one to three!

“Who is this?”

“Don’t know...can’t see clearly.”

The vice president’s face twitched, “Technical staff, are you daydreaming? Deal with this faster!”

“Yes!”

The technical staff replayed the scene. They played the entire video rather than just the highlight.

After the lightning destroyed the repeater, a thin figure appeared from within the lightning.

The thunder and lightning returned to the young man’s body. The surrounding area was restored to darkness.

The young man sneered and disappeared into the forest.

“Who is this student?”

The vice principal’s eyes shined.

“The son of the Zhou family, Zhou Wang. Previously his origin ability was 11.8. Never would have expected it to increase to 14 points in just a month! By progressing 2.2 points, it is almost comparable to Chen Yifeng’s time!”

Zhang Qiang said in a shocking awe.

Zhou Wang was worthy of being the son of Zhou family. Such a silent person unexpectedly had such a terrifying ability. After so many years, would the Zhou family finally produce a peerless genius?

Zhou Wang!

Origin ability, 14 points!

With an absolute advantage, he had beheaded a repeater of the same level in an imposing manner.

As they were recovering from the shock, two dots disappeared, one red and one blue.

Shua!

The virtual screen played once again. Yet another shocking scene appeared!

Under the moonlight, the dark forest was covered in silvery white.

As the moon shone dazzling light, there was a sheet of ice crystal underneath. It was no ordinary ice crystal, engulfing the surrounding ten meters. The clear crystal beautifully reflected the dazzling light.

This was even more amazing. Not even a figure could be seen. Only a cold voice could be heard.

“Crystal, explode!”

Two cold words sounded out and the surrounding ice exploded with a bang, the force sweeping around the area.

The violent explosion sounded out continuously. As the ice crystal disappeared, a repeater and freshman had met their deaths.

A single explosion cause them to die together!

The score refreshed!

Thirty-two to four!

“Technical staff, I remember that you’re not a graduate from Lan Xiang right...”

The vice principal sighed and shouted, “Hurry and deal with this now!”

“Yes, yes!”

The technical staff wiped off his sweat. After quickly retrieving the scene to play back, the highlight was replayed on the screen again.

However, this time you could easily see that within the ice crystal, a petite girl with a white uniform was confronting the repeater opposite her.

After using her endless ice crystals to trap the repeater, she directly triggered the explosion.

From beginning to end, the unfortunate repeater hadn’t made a single move and had died alongside her.

“This student is?” The vice principal asked.

“Chen Yiran, Chen Yifeng’s sister who also happens to be my disciple.”

Su Wan smiled, “When she entered natural selection class, her origin ability was at 10 points. Now already at 12 points, she knew very well of her shortcomings and that she couldn’t defeat this repeater in a head-on collision. That was why she decisively chose to die together.”

“Chen Yifeng’s sister.” The vice principal nodded and deeply moved, “Chen’s children, are all genius.”

Watching the performance of these students, the vice president began to calm down. Although some people wouldn’t dare to touch the natural selection class, but reduction in their budget would greatly impact future students. Fortunately, he knew this time around that the current batch was not weak.

The scene on the screen continued.

The following scene involved a youngster named Bai Lingfeng. With 12.5 points of origin ability, he killed a repeater with 13.8 points. The freshmen’s score increased once again.

The battle of honor!

It was everyone’s stage!

In such a battle, the knowledge of theoretical foundations, combat experience, and knowledge of survival in the wild played very important role. Within the dark forest, more deaths were occurring.

Su Hao obviously didn’t know that the freshmen had already obtained five points.

Hidden in darkness, Su Hao slowly moved forward. 300 meters were covered in an instant.

“There is movement!”

Su Hao heard something originating quite some distance away from him. His figure slowly moved closer. Carefully observing via a gap between bush, Su Hao saw a yellow figure holding a sharpened trunk.

Repeater!

“Great...”

Su Hao hid his figure well as he stared at the footsteps of the repeater, who was getting closer to his current location. Ten meters...five meters...three meters...

“Sou!”

Su Hao leapt forward from within darkness. With a single punch, he disarmed the repeater.

He followed this up with a flurry of rapid punches towards the repeater’s body. The enemy would shortly be dreaming. Su Hao laughed, but his hands continued to move.

Peng!

Peng!

Peng!

Several of Su Hao’s moves were blocked by the repeater. However, the strong impact still forced the repeater to retreat several backwards. However, Su Hao felt strange because...the enemy...was far too weak!

Too weak!

The repeater was 15 points in origin ability. Unexpectedly, he was beaten to the ground after just a short exchange.

“Is he injured?”

Su Hao had some doubts. His mind became even more alert. The enemy’s origin ability hadn’t been revealed yet.

15 points origin ability, even if he was injured, he must not be underestimated!

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

Su Hao once again blasted two fists outward. Without any hesitation, he made his move.

Fighting points, burst!

Accumulated energy burst out from Su Hao’s fist, instantly landing the repeater onto the ground. He was knocked into a nearby tree, causing leaves to fall.

Su Hao quickly stepped on him and threw one last punch towards his head.

However, as his fist was coming down, Su Hao’s was startled. He looked at the face under the moonlight in shock, “How could this be?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0098 Indistinguishable path
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0098 Indistinguishable path

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

Su Hao was stunned.

Under the moonlight, he was able to clearly see the face of the repeater in front of him. Miraculously, it turned out to be that of the repeater whom Su Hao had eliminated just a moment ago. He was still alive?

“How’re you still alive?” Su Hao asked in shock.

He was certain that he had killed the repeater. However, he clearly laid in front of him right now!

A recovery type ability?

Impossible!

The repeater’s origin ability was that of a flame type. Despite not using any abilities earlier, the flames he had used were in plain sight. What was going on here?

The foe felt Su Hao’s hesitation and peeked at his face, carefully asking, “Su Hao?”

“En?” Su Hao glanced at him.

“It really is you. Damn, you scared me.” The foe was visibly relieved.

“Hua!”

Su Hao felt some energy fluctuations and a student with a white uniform appeared in front of him.

“...”

“Freshman?”

“Yes, yes.” This person was extremely proud of himself, “I thought that a repeater had discovered me just now. This is so scary man. My name is Wang Lian, I placed 96th in the mock exam.”

Su Hao: “...”

Yet another illusionary ability!

Damn!

No wonder he had felt the opponent’s moves were incredibly weak during their exchange just now.

No wonder he had been fooled into thinking the repeater had been revived. Looking at the joyful expression of Wang Lian, Su Hao helplessly reminded him, “Next time, please reveal yourself earlier. I nearly killed you on the spot.”

“How would I have known you were a freshman.” Wang Lian felt wronged, as he pointed at Su Hao’s uniform.

Su Hao looked down and noticed that his entire body was a dark green. It was impossible to determine the original color!

Su Hao could only smile at this.

In a single battle of honor, he had already discovered so many strange abilities.

“Alright, just watch your step.” Su Hao shook his head and turned, preparing to leave.

However, the sound of footsteps could be suddenly heard. A repeater was closing the distance between them at an extremely fast rate. The opponent didn’t even attempt to conceal theirself, showing their confidence!

“Damn!”

Su Hao cursed for a second. The bush remained some distance from him. Even if he wanted to hide, he didn’t have the opportunity to anymore!

Wang Lian also noticed the approaching calamity.

“Hit me!”

Shua!

Wang Lian took the appearance of a repeater once again as he faced Su Hao, “Hit me!”

Su Hao’s mind was already on edge. He threw a punch towards Wang Lian.

After they had exchanged a few moves, a yellow silhouette flashed by. As the repeater arrived and saw the scene, he immediately made a move towards Su Hao.

“Hong!”

A huge impact forced Su Hao to retreat several steps.

“Such strength...”

Su Hao’s was startled. He had already participated in numerous fights. Among all the students he had met, they all had strong origin abilities, but inferior fighting techniques and physical strength. That was why he was capable of fighting on equal terms. The strength of the person in front of him, however, had already surpassed his own by a large margin!

As he rubbed his numb arm, Su Hao looked at his opponent. Did he have 400 points in physical fitness?

“Heng!”

The repeater sneered. As he flexed his muscles, his clothing bulged at their seams.

Su Hao’s pupils contracted. He had just received his answer.

His origin ability was the physical enhancement type. As energy was supplied to his body, he would experience a terrifying increase in both strength, defense, and other aspects of his body.

Moreover, from Su Hao’s observations, he was able to estimate that his foe possessed at least 14 points in origin ability! Maybe even 15 points!

“Damn bratty freshman...”

The repeater smiled sinisterly. He rushed towards Su Hao with blinding speed, sending a punch directly at Su Hao.

The violent fist left a gust of wind in its wake as it made its way towards Su Hao. Su Hao dodged to the side, causing the punch to collide with a tree. The fist had left a large hole in the trunk of the tree. The gap in strength was simply too oppressive. He couldn’t afford to exchange blows with the repeater.

Peng!

Peng!

Peng!

Su Hao was beaten without the possibility of counterattacking. The foe’s had both a physical enhancement ability and a powerful fighting technique. If they continued to fight, Su Hao would definitely end up on the losing end.

“Damn it!”

Model analysis, start!

Su Hao activated his origin ability, creating a model of the opponent. One by one, skills began to appear within his mind. His origin ability was needless to say. As for fighting skills, a beginner military fighting technique was hovering there...

His body was much stronger than Su Hao’s!

His fighting technique also exceeded Su Hao’s!

What there any point in continuing this battle?

Su Hao took a deep breath and turned around to evade the repeater’s assault. He picked up a tree trunk from the ground that had a sharp front edge. It was the one Wang Lian had prepared to deal with Su Hao.

He didn’t know what material was used to make this, but it had an aura that exuded weight.

Su Hao carefully felt it. It felt like a tree that was present...iron wood! An iron wood which had undergone mutation! It was not known how Wang Liang had managed to chisel it into its current shape. At the very least, it would provide Su Hao with some help.

Peng!

Peng!

The two attacks from the repeater were blocked by Su Hao’s weapon. Surprisingly, his hands had become numb.

“Idiot, are you capable of receiving such strength?” The repeater grinned evilly.

Su Hao squinted his eyes.

Model analysis, start!

He formed a terrain model of a ten meter range around him.

Shua!

Within ten meters, every object was mapped in his mind. Although the dark forest inhibited one’s vision, with his terrain mapping, Su Hao could clearly view the surrounding area.

One second.

Su Hao took the initiative to destroy the model. A duration of one second was definitely more than enough for this small region.

Shua!

Su Hao intelligently dodged. The distance between each tree, the stones under his feet, everything had all been utilized by him to the fullest extent. He avoided the repeater’s blows for over a minute.

“Hmmpp! Let’s see how long you can evade!” The repeater grumped.

At this time, a yellow shadow flashed by. Wang Lian had rushed forward. The repeater glanced at him for a second, “Come and help me seize this bastard!”

After he finished his sentence, the repeater marched forward.

Su Hao looked calm. The lifted the trunk in his hand and threw it towards the repeater.

“Ridiculous. With such weak force behind it, you expect it to hit me?” The repeater disdainfully belittled. He began moving to his left, planning on evading the attack.

However, Wang Lian launched his attack at this moment.

“Hong!”

The weak punch was incomparable to the strength of the repeater’s body, causing him almost no damage. However, his body was propelled several centimeters forward.

“Pu ci....”

The trunk easily passed through the repeater’s chest.

His body was carried through the air, nailing him to the tree behind him. The repeater struggled for a bit, looking at Wang Lian in shock, before dissipating into the dark forest.

A repeater was dead!

“Ding!”

Su Hao’s points increased yet again.

Wang Lian removed the trunk from the tree and laughed, “I will give you the point as payment for the trouble I caused you just now. However, this trunk was something which I spent a lot of time making. It is not something I will give to you.”

Su Hao was speechless. It was needless to say that Wang Lian might have started crafting this trunk from the moment he had spawned. If this weapon was used correctly, it was incredibly sharp.

“Be careful then.” Su Hao casually said.

Wang Lian nodded. Just like that, the two of them made their separate ways.

If both of them were to team up, the result would be better but...they obviously couldn’t trust each other! Since they had no chance of winning the battle of honor, the reward for personal score made everyone enemies!

Once again, he went back to the dark forest.

Su Hao found a hidden bush and restored the energy used by his body.

A moment later, two freshmen passed by his hiding spot. Su Hao didn’t bother them and they obviously didn’t notice Su Hao. Funnily enough, he could easily be found as long as an infrared detector was activated. A mass of red heat would be seen within the bush.

However, using an infrared detector here was like carrying a torch on your body... You would expose yourself to everyone before managing to find anyone.

Half an hour later, Su Hao had been restored to his peak.

Carry on!

Model analysis, start!

Life detection!

“Hua!”

His origin ability began to spread, with him in the center.

However, in less than a second, Su Hao’s entire body was startled. He was hit with a sudden spurt of nausea. His body nearly dropped to the ground. The model hadn’t even established itself in his mind before collapsing.

Su Hao was shocked, “What is happening?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0099 Teaming up to face enemy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0099 Teaming up to face enemy

Translator: Yorasu I Editor: SourGummies

“What’s going on?”

After carefully checking the condition of his body, Su Hao could only bitterly smile. This situation was surprising, having been out of his expectations.

His energy had been completely depleted.

Life detection used his body as the center while his origin ability spread to the surrounding. It would then detect the situation of his surroundings while establishing a model. Because he hadn’t set any range restrictions, his had ability kept spreading further and further into his surroundings. It had been too bad that he had not been able to find any signs of life within 500 meters.

Thus...his life detection had kept expanding.

As the range increased, everyone was very clear that it would become exponentially more terrifying. Su Hao had received a very dismal lesson this time around. Upon reaching a distance of 700 meters, the ability stopped, having consumed all of Su Hao’s origin ability.

“This...”

Su Hao smiled. Next time he used the life detection ability, he would have to add a range restriction.

Su Hao lowered his body. His only choice was to continue restoring his origin ability energy within the bush. Thankfully, there wasn’t anyone within 700 meters of his location. He could recover in peace. Additionally, there was only one explanation for why he had been unable to find someone with his life detection. The amount of students left alive was getting smaller and smaller!

“I wonder how many people are still in the dark forest.”

Su Hao secretly thought, “I hope that I am not the only freshman left.”

After resting for a moment, Su Hao once again activated his ability.

Model analysis, start!

Life detection!

“Hua~”

His origin ability spread, forming models in his mind. As for the limit this time around, Su Hao had set it to 500 meters, consuming half of his energy reserves.

“Beng!”

The model crashed.

“5 o’clock from me, 426 meters away, there is someone... And it’s two people!”

“If there are two people, could they be fighting?”

Su Hao’s mind moved quickly. The individual strength of repeaters was incredibly formidable. For the most part, they wouldn’t form any teams due to fears of having their points snatched from them. Thus, these two people would either be two freshmen or two students dueling.

Su Hao quickly rushed in the direction of 5 o’clock.

With his current level of fitness, 426 meters would take him less than half a minute, even while concealing himself!

“Sou!”

Su Hao disappeared into the forest.

The bush in front was shaking. Su Hao sprinted rapidly within the forest. His ears paid attention to his surroundings for any movement. He was rapidly closing in on the spot.

400 meters...300 meters...200 meters...100 meters...

Su Hao suddenly halted.

Model analysis, start!

Life detection!

“Hua~”

His origin ability spread, establishing a model before instantly collapsing.

“120 meters away, they are still around!”

Su Hao ran some calculations in his mind. Unfortunately, he could only detect one person.

“Did the distance between them increase or did one of them die? If the battle is over, why is that person still lingering around?”

Su Hao began analysing the situation. However, his analysis was limited from such a large distance.

With a specific location in mind, Su Hao quickly sprinted a distance of 76 meters. Only after reaching a range of 50 meters did he reduce his speed.

Every time you were in battle, you needed to go all out.

Every repeater was like the existence of a boss to Su Hao. A single moment of carelessness and he would die. Up until now, he had managed to kill two.

One was a surprise attack... As for the other one, it could also be considered a surprise attack.

The only advantage he had was his physical fitness. As long as he didn’t meet the first few ranks of repeaters, Su Hao believed that his physical fitness and fighting technique would be capable of granting him victory. At the same time, he used the mapping advantage from his model analysis to increase the success rate of his assault.

“Hong!”

As Su Hao was closing in on 20 meters, a crashing sound could be heard.

“There’s movement!”

“The fighting is still going on!”

This was the sign Su Hao had been waiting for, quickly rushing over.

Within 20 meters, a flash illuminated the area. Su Hao who was hiding within the underbrush, looked forward. He was immediately stunned on spot. The scene before him was outside of his expectations. There was a battle going on, but it wasn’t a one versus one. It was two on one! Also, there was someone he was familiar with!

“Ci ci!”

Lighting flashed, exploding the surrounding area. The thin hand of the youth aimed the dazzling light at a repeater.

This was none other than the freshman who possessed an A rank lighting control ability.

Zhou Wang!

A flashing green energy surrounded the youth. At the same time, green waves resembling blades were aimed at the repeater.

Rank A wind control, Bai Lingfeng!

Two on one!

One with 12.5 points of origin ability and another with 14 points. Even under such conditions, they were still oppressed by the enemy.

Su Hao didn’t know the exact origin abilities of these two. However, looking at the explosiveness of the battle, he could only estimated that they had reached around 13 points. Even with such strength, they struggled to suppress the repeater. Exactly how strong was the enemy?

The battle remained in a deadlock.

Su Hao observed for a moment and was finally able to understand the current situation.

The repeater completely ignored the attacks of Zhou Wang and Bai Linfeng. As the lightning and wind attacks struck his body, a slight trace of blood could be seen before the wound managed to completely heal.

His origin ability was a regeneration type.

Moreover, it was instant self recovery. Such an abnormal, horrifying ability! Not to mention, the foe’s origin ability was above that of both Zhou Wang and Bai Lingfeng.

Complete domination!

Completely ignoring the attacks from them, the repeater began his close range assault

“So this is it!”

“This ability is too horrible. Unless he’s killed in a single blow, he will instantly recover!”

Su Hao took a deep breath. A one hit kill. He only had one chance. It would be the moment the repeater killed Zhou Wang and Bai Lingfeng. Just like previously, he would attack when the opportunity presented itself.

However, compared to such an idea, his urge to fight together was greater.

This was because Zhou Wang was his friend.

Even if it was virtual reality, to watched a friend perish in front of him and exploit his death wouldn’t form any good habits. If he was to perform such an act, then during a real battlefield...

“Hong!”

Countless of exchanges were occurring. White and green light flashed, making this place extremely colorful.

In a bush near these three people, a little shadow quietly emerged. Zhou Wang instantly noticed the change.

The location of the shadow’s emergence was directly behind the repeater. It was too eye catching.

It was a hand.

Shua!

Shua!

The hand quickly made a few gestures. Zhou Wang and Bai Lingfeng quickly comprehended the message in their mind. For the two of them who had scored 186 points and 182 points respectively, these fighting instructions were very clear. They were much better than those city guards in Jianghe City.

“Hong!”

A terrifying stream of lightning suddenly burst out from Zhou Wang’s body. With his hands together, a ball of lightning was accumulated and thrown towards the repeater.

“Xiu!”

A flickering green light surrounded Bai Lingfeng’s body. A huge green wind blade was blasted towards the repeater. It appeared as if both were planning on ending this battle in one move.

“A move born of desperation?” The repeater coldly sneered, “Good talent, but it’s too bad that your origin ability is so weak.”

“Hong!”

Facing Zhou Wang’s and Bai Lingfeng’s all out attack, the repeater was still cautious. By using his origin ability to defend, he was only knocked back a few steps, with blood staining his body.

But, it was only that.

At this moment, he actually had received a fatal injury. But to kill him in one blow, it was still out of their reaches.

After their attacks had been dissipated, his origin ability began to play its role in recovering his wounds. The wounds in his skin quickly closed up.

“I already told you that your origin ability is too weak!” The repeater smiled sinisterly. Just then, he noticed the expression of Zhou Wang and Bai Lingfeng which held a mocking smile.

“What is it?”

The repeater was stunned. What move were these two still hiding?

He was clueless. Zhou Wang and Bai Lingfeng were clever in grasping the opportunity presented to them. Not only had he been wounded, he had been forced to retreat several steps backward, arriving in front of a bush. Unfortunately for him...Su Hao was waiting in it.

“Sou!”

A black shadow flashed by. Approaching at an incredible speed, his right hand caught the neck of the repeater.

“Kacha!”

The neck of the repeater was instantly snapped. He then dropped dead to ground.

Another repeater had died.

Zhou Wang and Bai Lingfeng looked at each other. Although they had set the best condition for Su Hao to kill this guy...Su Hao’s actions had been too straightforward!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0100 The trash who was called a dog
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0100 The trash who was called a dog

Translator: Yorasu I Editor: SourGummies

One hit kill!

And it had been the most vulnerable location, the neck. It had been way too smooth. If it was their own necks...

Both of them looked at Su Hao and quickly shrunk their necks into their bodies.

“Phew~ it’s settled!”

Su Hao exhaled. Despite the advantages granted by a sneak attack, it had still been aimed towards a repeater. If he had been careless for a single second, the foe could have easily launched a counterattack. He had been extremely nervous while making his move.

After adjusting his state of mind for a brief moment, he noticed the strange look he was being given by Zhou Wang and Bai Lingfeng, “Is something wrong?”

“No...there’s nothing.” Bai Lingfeng coughed and attempted to change the topics, “Why are you here?”

Su Hao shrugged his shoulders, “I heard some movement coming from this location and rushed over here. What about you guys?”

“Same.”

Bai Lingfeng nodded and bitterly smiled, “I also came here after noticing some movement. After I arrived, Zhou Wang was already being suppressed... Therefore, I joined the battle. Never have I thought that...uh, with the both of us, we still couldn’t gain the upper hand.”

Zhou Wang rolled his eyes.

“The repeaters are too strong. What do you think about teaming up?” Su Hao carefully thought, “With the three of us, we will take turns scoring points. The point just now will be considered as me taking my turn. Thus, the next ones would go to you two. How about it?”

“Great! But only under the condition that everyone must trust each other.” Bai Lingfeng raised this issue, but it actually gave Su Hao a sense of relief.

The issue of mistrust would pose a lot of problem. Su Hao and Wang Lian, as well as the first freshman he had encountered, had their problems stem from the inability to trust each other. Additionally, Su Hao wasn’t close with Bai Lingfeng. He just knew that he was among the top students within their class. If not for Zhuo Wang, Su Hao wouldn’t have even joined the fray earlier.

Zhou Wang pondered for a moment, “I trust you both.”

“I trust Zhou Wang.” Bai Lingfeng thought for a second and answered seriously.

“I also believe him.” Su Hao nodded.

Great, Zhou Wang would be the pillar that linked these three. It seemed as if their temporary alliance would stand for now.

Zhou Wang was obviously touched. Although he was strong, friends were what he lacked, “You guys... Why do you trust me?”

Bai Lingfeng paused before stating, “Because you’re simple.”

Simple...

An awful expression could be seen from Zhou Wang. He was considered simple by others? With a sad face, he looked at Su Hao. Su Hao pondered for a moment, “You’re not simple.”

Zhou Wang was relieved. A hint of a smile was revealed.

Su Hao concluded, “It should be simple minded instead.”

“Ka!”

Zhou Wang’s facial expression turned stiff.

Bai Lingfeng’s eyes lit up and he suddenly offered to shake hand with Su Hao, “I agree. To our cooperation.”

“To our cooperation!”

Both of them smiled as they looked at each other. They were of the same mindset. As for Zhou Wang... He obviously hadn’t expected these two friends that he had recently made to turn out to be such terrible friends. His young and pure mind was deeply affected by this severe shock. He was so depressed that he remained by himself in the corner, drawing circles.

In short, a temporary squad had been established.

The three of them didn’t see any freshman for quite some time. It was as if they were the only remaining freshmen. Only three hours had passed since the start of the battle of honor!

Hunting!

This small team of three quietly advanced within the forest. With Su Hao’s ability to detect life, they were like fishes in the water and began to hunt repeaters on a larger scale. However, they were unaware that there was one more freshman struggling alongside them in the forest of darkness.

“Pu~”

In the forest, a figure was fleeing in a sorry state. Only after bolting for more than ten minutes did he stop.

After quickly checking all four directions to ensure nobody was chasing him, he sighed in relief before swearing, “You uncles are a bunch of jokers. You’ve just lived a year longer than this young master. Give me six months and I will beat you all black and blue.”

What a domineering mentality.

There was no need to doubt, this freshman was none other than Li Xin. Compared to Zhou Wang, this guy was even more simple minded. The moment he entered the dark forest, Li Xin had already gone ahead to confront repeaters. The result... It went without saying.

He was miserably beaten.

The most surprising thing was that he had managed to escape with his life intact!

Unfortunately for him...he had met more repeaters. After being beaten badly once again, he had been able to escape. This cycle repeated itself several times, with Li Xin magically managing to survive through sheer force of will.

“Haix, don’t tell me that I’m the only freshman left.” Li Xin sighed. His face was a bit pale, “This time I am in some deep shit. Facing so many repeaters...”

However, not even a second later, Li Xin proudly said, “Haha, if I am the only freshman left, won’t I be ranked first among freshmen? Even Su Hao has been trampled underneath me?”

Li Xin became enthused, crazily smiling “Let’s go and find a repeater to calculate!”

What was this phrase called again?

A silly world; it was something which ordinary people would not understand. Li Xin’s world was not a plane which ordinary people could touch. Although his mouth had stated a goal of finding repeaters, his feet had taken the path away from them... Unfortunately, he ran into a repeater in under two minutes of travel.

“Repeater?” Li Xin was shocked and turned his body to flee.

Shua!

A silhouette flashed. Another repeater blocked his escape route. His path forward was blocked, “This time, I want to see where you will run?!”

“How did you guys find me?” Li Xin frowned.

“How did we find you?” The repeater laughed out loud, “Next time, when you’re cursing to yourself, try to lower your volume. With such a loud voice, we could hear you from over 100 meters away!”

“Owh, so it was this.” Li xin frowned, “Next time, it seems I need to get further away before swearing.”

“...”

The repeaters were speechless.

Get further away...

Further...

Away...

!

Under normal circumstances, wouldn’t a person correct their behavior, no longer swearing in the future? Immediately cursing upon escaping from a pinch... Wasn’t this an act of seeking one’s own death? In such a quiet and dark forest, anyone would be aware that cursing out loud was the same as presenting yourself for harvest. These repeaters were amused by Li Xin’s train of thought.

“Retard!”

A sneer came from behind. The other repeater voiced out, “Brat, I already said that I was going to find you. Never would I have thought that I’d really catch you here!”

“Huh?” Li Xin turned around in a strange manner. Among the repeaters, there was someone who knew him?

“You are...? Don’t tell me that my reputation had already spread among the repeaters too?” Li Xin became a bit excited.

The repeater’s face instantly turned sullen. Looking at the excited face of Li Xin, he suddenly shouted, “You don’t recognize me?! You don’t know me? You really don’t know?!”

The roar echoed within the forest. The nearby repeaters quickly covered their ears.

Li Xin looked at him strangely, “Am I supposed to know you?”

The repeater’s face were brimming in anger. Staring at Li Xin, he slowly enunciated each word, “I! Am! Yang! Bai! Ming! When you were at the martial art building, weren’t you saying that you would teach me a lesson?”

“Huh?”

Li xin was puzzled for a moment before suddenly recalling something. His face turned excited again, “Oh yeah. I remembered now. You are the trash whom I called a dog!”

“...”

Trash who had been called a dog...

Called a dog...

Trash...

Yang Baiming’s face became flustered. Since he had been young, he was known as a genius. After successfully gaining admission into the natural selection class, he was just a line away from stepping into Zhanzheng College. He just had to repeat a year and work hard to enroll in this college! He could be considered a future proud son of his family. When had he ever been insulted like this?

“Don’t run! If I don’t kill you today, I am not a man!”

Yang Baiming roared and immediately rushed towards Li Xin.

“Hong!”

Li Xin coldly grumped, “So it’s you... I thought it was a top student within the repeaters. You are just someone who didn’t dare to retaliate after I called you a dog. What reason do I have to be afraid of you?”

After smiling in a mocking manner, Li Xin actually marched forward.

The nearby repeater sighed. He stood at the side to prevent Li Xin from escaping. Yang Baiming had 15 points in origin ability. Killing a freshman should be an easy task, right?

“Hong!”

Yang Baiming’s and Li Xin’s attacks finally collided. A loud bang echoed throughout the area. A strong origin ability energy burst out. Yang Baiming’s fist became soft, allowing Li Xin to strike his chest. His entire body flew backward, striking three trees. An instant death!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0101 Li Xin’s origin ability
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0101 Li Xin’s origin ability

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“How could you...you...”

Yang Baiming looked at Li Xin in disbelief. The moment he had made contact with Li Xin, he felt a surge of energy transfer to him. It was a terrifying power which he was powerless to defend against. A single hit had left his bones shattered. His right hand was now useless. The punch had then continued to his chest, crushing his internal organs.

How much power was this?

How could a freshman possess such strength?

Yang Baiming pointed at Li Xin. He appeared as if he wanted to say something, but disappeared from the dark forest before able to do so. Another repeater had died!

The nearby repeater was also dumbfounded.

The f*ck... What kind of situation was this?

An instant death!

This was clearly a one hit kill!

To be able to kill Yang Baiming who had an origin ability of 15 points in an instant, how much strength was required? Perhaps only the top student of the repeaters, who had 17 points, could compete with this!

This freshman, from the start till now, had he been pretending to be a pig to eat a tiger?

The repeater had a look at Li Xin with confusion on his face. He didn’t look like such a person...

Li Xin was also shocked as he looked at his own hand. Obviously, he couldn’t believe that such strength had come from his own hand, “Damn, this young master is already so strong!”

“Brat, don’t run. I am coming!”

Li Xin rushed at the repeater with confidence. This alerted the repeater, who prepared to escape.

However, as two were locked in an exchange, the repeater found out that Li Xin’s strength...was incredibly weak!

Yes, it was too weak!

Just like before, it was pitifully weak. Compared to the previous instance when he had been running away from them, there wasn’t much of a difference. That attack of his just now must have been a secret ability that required a long period of time to activate. It must be on cooldown! Yes, it surely had to be this. He needed to end this battle quickly.

As the repeater was preparing to sprint forward and end the duel with Li Xin, he had a sudden thought.

Something wasn’t right...

If his skill had a cooldown, shouldn’t he have fled? Why did he take the initiative to attack? Did he have something up his sleeve?

Thinking of this, the repeater had another dilemma on his hands.

A conspiracy?

No conspiracy?

The battle had surprisingly entered a stalemate. Li Xin was chasing the repeater, but hadn’t managed to land any blows. The repeater avoided contact with Li Xin at all costs. However, he wasn’t fleeing either. He was postured to counterattack at any second now. In the midst of this, a youth’s voice excitedly rang out, shouting phrases such as ‘Huh, that didn’t hit!’ and ‘Hua, you dodged quickly’.

“Don’t care!”

The repeater flew into a rage internally. He no longer cared about any tricks that Li Xin had prepared. At most, he would just die! Being toyed with like this was too depressing.

The repeater concentrated energy into his hand. He was ready to attack, but a horrifyingly bright light suddenly illuminated the entire area before quickly disappearing.

The scene in front of the repeater rapidly shifted between one of brightness and darkness, blinding the repeater temporarily. He cursed to himself, “Damn it, he really does have something planned!”

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

All kind of attacks landed on his body. As his vision returned, he was dismayed to discover that he had been cornered by four people!

Su Hao, Bai Lingfeng, Zhou Wang and Li Xin!

So this was his plan?

The repeater sadly recalled what had happened. Li Xin had delayed for time, planted doubts, and delayed for more time before the backup force had arrived? This was a terrifying effort by Li Xin!

As he thought about this, Li Xin excitedly asked, “Su Hao, how did you guys get here?”

The repeater was speechless.

It wasn’t Li Xin who had called them? Was it a coincidence?

At this time, Su Hao casually replied, “Of course we were led here by the loud shouting. I wondered which idiot could possibly be shouting so loudly. The dark forest is so quiet. Shouting here is nothing but an act of suicide.”

“Yes. Yes.” Li Xin excitedly continued, “It was the trash whom I just killed that shouted. Acting as if I’d know him. Really, someone who doesn’t have the common sense to keep quiet in the dark forest, he is not qualified to be in this young master’s circle.”

“...”

The repeater painfully closed his eyes, “Yang Baiming, your death really is an injustice”

Peng!

His vision turned black. The repeater’s life had been casually ended by Su Hao.

“Strange, I felt that this guy didn’t even struggle.”

Su Hao looked at the repeater and said, “Looking at his strength, he shouldn’t be too weak.”

“After being cornered by four people, what sort of fighting spirit would remain?” Bai Lingfeng said in a low tone, “But back then, you actually killed a repeater?”

“Yeah, yeah. At first they both were surrounding me, but I managed to kill one.” Li Xin happily told them what had just happened, “You see those trees, they were all knocked down by the trash I killed.”

“Oh?”

Su Hao observed the scene. It was really the case. But did Li Xin have such capabilities?

A one hit kill?

Looking at the excited Li Xin who was recalling back how he had slain the repeater in a single hit, Bai Lingfeng frowned, “He doesn’t seem like he’d be capable of killing a repeater in a single hit. Is he lying?”

“No, he wouldn’t.”

Su Hao shook his head , “Although Li Xin’s likes to boast, his mind is even simpler than Zhou Wang’s. He wouldn’t do something like lying. It must have been his origin ability.”

Zhou Wang’s mouth slightly twitched. Within his heart, a fiery rage was brewing.

How is this related to me?!

How is this related to me?!

They can also use this to ridicule me?

Su Hao looked at the bad expression of Zhou Wang and suddenly laughed, “I am not talking about you, but that brat Li Xin.”

Zhou Wang remained sullen, choosing to remain mute

“...”

After finished his story, Li Xin excitedly ran over, “Boss, how was it? I am domineering, right?”

Su Hao laughed, “It must have been your origin ability. What’s your ability?”

“My ability?” Li Xin thought for a moment, “Unstable burst.”

“Unstable burst?”

Su Hao frowned. He had never come across such an ability. He looked at Bai Lingfeng and Zhou Wang. Both of them also shook their heads.

“Yeah, yeah. It is a name I came up with.” Li Xin excitedly said and then explained his ability to them.

After Su Hao and others listened to him, they had several moments of silence for the repeater who had been killed by Li Xin.

This buddy’s luck was so bad!

Unstable burst!

It was a new kind of ability. Because Li Xin was the first to have it, he had the authority to name it. Thus, there was no point in discussing the ridiculous name.

Every year, various new abilities would appear.

There were all kinds of strange abilities, but abilities were rarely ranked grade B. This meant that they had the potential to be upgraded to a high talent ability. Li Xin’s unstable burst was one of these abilities.

What is this so-called unstable burst?

To sum it up shortly, the best way to describe it according to Su Hao’s knowledge would be using the phrase ‘critical hit’!

While Li Xin used his ability, his attacks would accumulate energy. His attacks had a certain chance of releasing a terrifying power. Li Xin had went to the Origin Ability Association once for an assessment. Based on the results of their data, they had determined that he could potentially release a critical strike of more than ten times his strength!

However, according to Li Xin’s complaints, the probability for a critical hit was too small. The stronger the critical hit, the lower the probability.

The most common burst was 1x. This resulted in an instant doubling of his strength. Unfortunately, the chances of this occurring were only ten percent. This meant that out of every ten attacks, only one would be a critical hit. For 2x, the probability was even lower, only five percent.

3x critical hit, two percent.

4x critical hit, one percent.

...

When reaching 10x, the probability was a fraction of one percent. In all of his years of practice, he had never been able to produce such a strike... Yang Baiming had the unfortunate luck of being his first victim!

A domineering 10x burst!

A domineering one hit kill!

Such a poor baby...

Su Hao and the others gave another three seconds of silence before turning to leave.

“Wei, wei. Bring me along too.” Li Xin quickly followed them.

Bai Lingfeng looked at him in dissatisfaction, “You can come if you keep your mouth shut. From now on, till this dark forest battle ends, you have to maintain complete silence! And only take action according tour commands!”

“...”

“Can or cannot?” Bai Lingfeng frowned.

“...”

“If you don’t agree, we will leave then...” Bai Lingfeng was speechless. Su Hao pulled him and then looked at Li Xin with a smile, “Great. Continue to shut your mouth. Until we are out of this forest, you’re not allowed to open your mouth.”

Li Xin suddenly grinned.

Only then did Bai Lingfeng understand that he had already begun to shut his mouth... But couldn’t you just answer me before shutting your mouth?

Bai Lingfeng was speechless.

A smile could be seen in Su Hao’s eyes.

There was once an ancient phrase. Never be serious with simple minded people. A fool would drag your intelligence down to his level, before defeating you with his vast experiences.

Of course, such a phrase could be applied to Li Xin.

This hunting should be quite interesting, Su Hao thought.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0102 Ice crystal defense
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0102 Ice crystal defense

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

The squad of four disappeared into the dark forest.

This time around, the battle of honor had already gone on for four hours. The last hour, the previous three members were waiting for rabbits and killed 5 repeaters. In addition to two repeaters just now, a total of 7 repeaters were eliminated.

Including those which they had individually hunted, the current score for the battle of honor was 96 to 20.

20!

According to the school’s years of experience, the freshmen would typically manage a score of around ten points in their first attempt. If the freshmen were particularly weak though, it would be in the single digits. However, if they were stronger than average, their point total would show significant improvement!

Chen Yifeng’s group, for example, had finished with a final score of 100 to 21.

This had set a new record for freshmen!

However, this time around...the disadvantage in the earlier stages no longer existed. The current score was 96 to 20, which was comparable to that of the legendary class. From the looks of it, there was even a possibility that the record would be broken.

The school control center.

The vice principal could no longer sit down calmly. He excitedly looked at the virtual screen.

The freshmen had obtained 20 points!

Did they have hope?

Several virtual screens were completely devoted to Su Hao and his team. As for the leftmost screen which was beneath the score screen, it displayed the points of each individual.

Su Hao’s points: 5 points.

Zhou Wang’s points: 4 points.

Bai Lingfeng’s points: 3 points.

Wang Lianrong’s points: 2 points.

Chen Yiran’s points: 1 point.

...

Su Hao and others were completely clueless about this. At this time, every action of theirs was being displayed on the virtual screen. Because...they were the last remaining freshmen.

“Sou!”

“Sou!”

A few people travelled within the darkness. Under the intense urging of Su Hao, even the beautiful, eye catching attire of Zhou Wang had been dyed dark green.

“Hold on.”

Su Hao asked them to halt and then laid on the ground.

Model analysis, start!

Life detection!

“Hua~”

His origin ability spread. Within his mind, models were rapidly constructed. However, after a second had passed, Su Hao let out a groan. The models collapsed, causing a trace of blood to leak out of the corner of his mouth.

“What’s wrong?”

Several pairs of eyes were nervously focused on him.

“Leave now!”

Su Hao commanded everyone to leave with a sense of urgency in his voice. Without minding his injury, he led them away as quickly as he could. Everyone glanced at each other before leaving in his footsteps.

Two minutes later, three repeaters arrived at the scene.

The leading student looked down, “They shouldn’t have left long ago. Chase them!”

“Yes!”

The other two repeaters agreed and headed out in search of Su Hao’s group.

At a distant location.

After Su Hao and the others ran over a section of path, he thought of another route and had them hide in some underbrush. They all held their breath as they watched several repeaters pass by.

Only after a large period of time had passed did Su Hao let out a sigh of relief.

“What’s going on?” Bai Lingfeng whispered.

Su Hao’s detection abilities had helped him quite a lot, but it was his first time facing such a situation.

Su Hao bitterly smiled, “Just now, of those few people, the middle one...is incredibly terrifying. When my origin ability had barely detected him, he instantly noticed and issued an attack! Although I was able to detect his attack, he still discovered our location!”

“What?”

“I’m not sure.” Su Hao shook his head, “The foe’s ability is above what we’re capable of understanding. He is much more powerful than anyone we’ve met previously.”

Su Hao was at a loss for what to do.

Among all the features of model analysis, card modeling would cause his energy to fluctuate the most, with life detection costing the least. It shouldn’t have been detected by their enemies. But this time...it had been too fast!

The only possibility was that the foe’s origin ability was way above his own! The huge gap in strength easily allowed the foe to detect Su Hao’s minute actions. When Su Hao used his ability, it would not only allow him to see the foe, but allow the foe to see him.

“What do we do now?”

Everyone looked at each other. Su Hao’s radar-like ability could no longer be used, leaving them blinded.

Moreover, their opponents seemed to have noticed that they were hiding in this area. That was why they kept searching through this area. To make things worse, a repeater was now using his infrared monitor to search for their hiding spot. They would eventually be exposed!

“Four hours have passed since the start of the battle of honor. Since the foes have been concentrating on us, I’m guessing that we’re the only remaining freshmen. We don’t have much hope in winning this battle.” Su Hao whispered.

“We will act like we did just now. We’ll kill them one at a time! The three of them were divided into two teams. One of the teams has a single member while the other team has two. I’m not certain, but my intuition tells me that the solo member is more dangerous. We will start with the group of two. After we get a kill, quickly leave the scene. Even if we can’t kill anyone, don’t need to be sad. With our current score, it should be enough for a higher rank!”

“Great!”

Everyone nodded in agreement.

After a few moments, the two repeaters passed by once again. One of them had a infrared detector turned on. It would be easy for him to find Su Hao and friends as long as he passed over them. The foe was being extremely thorough, making sure not to miss a single spot.

After scanning for a moment, he finally directed his communication device at the hiding spot of Su Hao and the others.

The moment this happened, four people instantly dashed out!

Normally, they would only make a move on repeaters who were by themselves. But this time, they were all attacking together. Although it was four versus two, they were all aiming towards a single person. Regardless, they needed to secure a kill before thinking about how to proceed.

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

The sound of a strong force of origin ability echoed within the forest.

At a location hundreds of meters away, the singular repeater’s eyes lit up, “6 o’clock direction, 300 meters, four people!”

Shua!

The repeater immediately rushed towards the scene.

At the school control center.

The vice principal was viewing the current scene alongside the teachers, “Their chance to break the record is probably gone... He’s making his way over there.”

“Not necessarily. If those two are slain in less than ten seconds...” Su Wan analyzed in her heart. Was it possible to kill the two of them in under ten seconds?

The first second!

“Hong!”

Thunder and lightning came crashing down along with green blades wind, both aimed at a single target. This was completely unexpected. Who would’ve thought that they would make their move at the very second which he had managed to detect them? And...it had been four people! Su Hao held nothing back, gifting him a fiery punch!

Four on one!

The advantage in origin ability could not save the repeater from defeat. The repeater was injured heavily on the spot and blasted ten meters away.

Su Hao and the others quickly rushed over. As long as they could land a blow, he would die!

The other repeater’s eyes coldly flashed. He put his hand behind his back, causing a green light to flash, immediately covering the body of his ally who had been beaten by Su Hao and friends.

The faint green light pulsed.

As if he had been injected with hormones, the repeater’s injuries quickly recovered. His wounds began to heal at a visible rate.

“Hong!”

After his injuries had been relieved, the repeater had somehow managed to react in time, blocking the attack. His burly body became covered in a sheet of white crystals. Su Hao and friends’ attacks became useless.

“Damn it!”

Su Hao and friends cursed!

At the critical moment...his ability had turned out to be a defensive type. This was such a shitty situation! Additionally, the other repeater had turned out to be a healer!

Healing, an ability which induced a mysterious factor into wounds to promote cell activity and significantly enhance the recovery rate of wounds. In current day hospitals, the majority of recovery drugs were derived from this type of ability.

Su Hao never expected there to be someone with this ability within the repeaters,

No wonder these two had been daring enough to search within the darkness. It turned out they were the perfect combination. With a healing and defense ability, they were the perfect pair!

Three seconds!

They could no longer afford to retreat. Su Hao was pretty sure that if they changed targets, they would end up with nothing in the end! After all, the foes’ origin ability was above all of theirs. The only reason they had this opportunity was due to their sneak attack.

The defensive type ability user in front of them was currently immobilised and couldn’t get away. This was their best chance!

They must kill him!

A fifty percent chance! If they had picked correctly, they’d have already finished killing their target! However, there was no medicine for regret in this world. Su Hao quickly analyzed the situation and decisively gave an order.

“Kill the guy in front! Li Xin, go and interfere with the other guy!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0103 The rapid six seconds!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0103 The rapid six seconds!

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“Kill the guy in front! Li Xin, go and interfere with the other guy!”

“Alright!”

Li Xin’s eyes lit up. He immediately rushed towards the repeater who was busy healing. Stars were shining in his eyes, as if he had seen a stripped down, naked beauty.

Healing type ability!

This was a terrifying ability!

There were a wide variety of healing type abilities. The self regeneration he had seen before was one of them. However, it was only ranked a grade B ability. As for true healing, that was a grade A ability! An example of this would be the person currently administering treatment right now. He was capable of allowing anyone to rapidly recover, similar to to being given a hormone injection.

Su Hao never expected that such a person would be amongst the repeaters, yet here they were.

In reality, this wasn’t really that strange. After all, anyone who was capable of entering the natural selection class was a genius. Excluding the special case of Su Hao, the lowest origin ability would be grade B. Due to the fact that they were operating in the shadows, a lot of their victims had fallen before gaining the chance to showcase their abilities.

However, if one was to often stay beside the river bank, whose shoes wouldn’t be wet? This time around, their shoes were definitely wet and during such a critical moment too.

Su Hao had already felt a burst of origin ability energy off into the distance. That repeater had already noticed the situation here, immediately sprinting towards their current location.

The moment he arrived, it would turn into a 4 versus 3 situation. They would die miserably! Since the enemy had already noticed, there was no longer a need to hide!

“Hong!”

Model analysis, start!

Life detection!

“Hua~”

His origin ability spread. The model collapsed before it could finish building. Su Hao grumped, “210 meters!”

Four seconds had elapsed!

Model analysis, start!

“Pu~”

Su Hao sprayed out blood once again. He was no longer capable of proceeding, “180 meters! We have six seconds left to get rid of these two bastards!”

In the short time in which he had managed to cast life detection twice, the foe had travelled thirty meters. Only a second had passed, meaning the foe was travelling at a speed of thirty meters per second despite being in a forest! After recovering from his shock, Su Hao had been able to quickly estimate the distance and time before the enemy arrived.

They had six seconds to get rid of these two!

If they managed to do so, the last enemy would face the four of them upon his arrival. This would leave them with a fairly high chance of success. If they failed, however, they’d face a painful death. This battle would either leave them victorious or the victims of a tragedy.

Five more seconds!

“Use the same method as before!”

Su Hao gave a frigid command. Zhou Wang and Bai Lingfeng nodded, immediately understanding. They would use the same method to kill the healer, a one hit kill!

The only difference was...

Peng!

Su Hao threw a heavy fist, dislodging several pieces of white crystal. His fist burned with pain... This grandson’s defense was far too strong!

Model analysis, start!

Character modeling!

The model of the foe appeared within his mind. Su Hao didn’t have the luxury of looking at anything but the gray ability card.

Name: Ice crystal

Type: Defense

Grade: B

Usage: Reduce incoming damage. The rate of reduction depends on the strength of the ability. Maintenance of ice consumes origin ability energy.

“So it is this type of defense.”

Moving like electricity, Su Hao’s mind processed all these thoughts in less that a second.

There were many types of defensive abilities. Luckily, his was not an A grade defense. Although his B grade defense was still powerful, there were many weaknesses they could exploit. Su Hao estimated him to be around 15 points of origin ability. Under their combined attacks, Su Hao was confident that they could quickly burst him down!

Four seconds remained!

Su Hao quickly dashed forward, landing countless attacks on the foe’s body. However, his attacks were greatly weakened after piercing through the armor.

Even Zhou Wang’s electricity was only capable of causing superficial damage.

What was even worse was that whenever they managed to cause an injury, a green light would flash. The foe’s injuries condition was slowly improving. In just a few seconds, most of the injuries had been completely healed. This made Su Hao and the others fall into despair.

“Maintaining the ice crystal consumes origin ability energy...”

Su Hao laughed sinisterly. With their combined attacks, how long could he possibly maintain it?

The energy within Su Hao’s fist began to accumulate. Su Hao changed his violent assault to a series of rapid combos. The foe was incapable of doing anything but defending.

Obviously, he understood that if he managed to withstand their assault, victory would be assured!

What they were fighting against was time!

Three seconds remained!

On the other side, Li Xin’s interference was not going well.

If he didn’t manage to land a critical hit, his blows were far too weak. Additionally, the repeater’s origin ability was much greater than his own. If not for the foe paying attention to Su Hao’s side, Li Xin would have probably died long ago.

In reality, Su Hao hadn’t placed too much hope on Li Xin. Even if he managed to occasionally interfere, the foe would be able to quickly heal any injuries whenever an opening arrived. This wasn’t a problem because they were aiming to end things in one blow!

Peng!

Peng!

Peng!

Su Hao continued to punch the ice crystal. The enemy gritted his teeth as the crystal reduced in size. Although his injuries were constantly being healed, the feeling of being injured than healed was suffered by him alone! Not to mention, there was also Zhou Wang’s lightning and Bai Lingfeng’s wind blades assaulting him.

Two more seconds!

“Burst!”

Su Hao shouted. He could feel a figure in the distance rapidly travelling through the air like a phantom.

Zhou Wang and Bai Lingfeng’s eyes lit up. They released the energy they had been accumulating within their hands.

The raging lightning flashed towards the bits of crystal. Bai Lingfeng’s green wind blade had turned into countless little green lights, shooting towards the ice crystal. However, despite causing considerable damage, that ice crystal was still intact.

“Hahahah~”

After seeing Bai Lingfeng and Zhou Wang finish their attack, the repeater burst out laughing.

“It’s too early for you to celebrate!”

Su Hao’s mouth revealed a trace of smile, “Fighting points, burst!”

“Hong!”

A terrifying energy erupted from Su Hao’s fist. Since the foe was completely focused on defense, Su Hao had been able to freely accumulate his fighting points. His energy had been condensing this entire time!

One strike!

Su Hao punched the white ice crystal.

The exterior quickly cracked. The cracks began to spread to the surrounding area, before the entire crystal shattered. Su Hao’s punch continued its path towards his chest. He was fiercely blown away, dying on the spot and disappearing into the dark forest.

One second remained!

“Sou!”

“Sou!”

The three of them quickly turned around and marched forward. The repeater making his way over was still thirty meters from their current location! However, they were ten meters from Li Xin’s opponent!

They had a single opportunity to attack!

“Hmmphh! You’re courting death!”

A cold groan could be heard. A thick branch was broken, halting the three of them.

Su Hao was shocked. He had forgotten one crucial thing...

The distance between them and the enemy was thirty meters, but...a burst of origin ability could be used from a much longer range. Additionally, his origin ability was much stronger, allowing the foe to stop them from a distance of thirty meters.

“Peng!”

Su Hao punched at the branch. It was rock solid, incapable of moving.

Damn it!

Everyone sighed. They never expected to reach this point yet still lose... With the two of them joining forces, it was impossible to fight!

However...was he the only one with a ranged ability?

Zhou Wang was unwilling to concede and aimed his lightning towards Li Xin’s side. The biggest advantage of lightning was its speed!

Nobody was capable of reaching such speeds!

“Shua!”

A dazzling white light flashed in front of them. The repeater that had been evading had a split moment of hesitation. His entire body stopped.

It happened that Li Xin was lucky enough to hit his body at this moment.

He didn’t deal much damage, but this time...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0104 A terrifying opponent!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0104 A terrifying opponent!

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“Hong!”

A terrifying burst of energy erupted outward. It was similar to when Su Hao had used his fighting essence. An extremely unsettling force was released from Li Xin’s fist, striking the repeater in front.

A single blow had resulted in a fatal injury.

Li Xin kicked twice in excitement... The repeater had died just like that.

Another repeater had died!

The repeater who had just arrived was stunned. It wasn’t just him. Even Su Hao and company were shocked. Were they really lucky enough for it to have happened again?

Judging from the scale of the energy burst, Li Xin’s fist hadn’t reached a x10 multiplier, but it should’ve been a x5 blow at the very minimum!

A critical hit at such a critical moment!

This is really...

“Hehe, this young master is destined to be the hero that saves the world!” Li Xin excitedly walked towards his teammates. For the very first time, Su Hao and company didn’t refute him.

Although they wanted to curse him for his narcissism, they had to admit...

That critical hit just now had come at the perfect time!

“Good one!” Su Hao praised.

Bai Lingfeng also gave a thumbs up as a sign of approval.

Li Xin pointed at the repeater that had just arrived, proudly stating, “Who is it... Daring to challenge this young master... I...”

Su Hao immediately covered his mouth and shut him down.

Damn!

Although he knew that Li Xin was the type to get carried away, this was going overboard!

Although he had no idea as to who was in front of them, Su Hao was fairly certain that he had been the leader of the three. To be capable of suppressing the two they had just defeated, this person’s strength...

“Not a bad combination.”

The repeater casually stared at them. His yellow uniform appeared rather charming under the moonlight, “But it is nothing more than that.”

This repeater was incredibly arrogant.

Su Hao and company looked at him. Rather than inciting anger, his words had only managed to make them even more wary. As the foe opened his mouth, a large amount of pressure was expelled on Su Hao and friends, forcing them to retreat backwards one step.

“Who’re you?”

Su Hao looked at the person in front of them. Just now, that casual toss of the branch by him had been a very strong and accurate deterrent.

What ability was it?

“Me?” The repeater coldly laughed, “You will find out soon enough.”

“Che, stop acting cool...It’s 1v4! You think we would be afraid of you? Who do you think you are? Among the repeaters, besides their so called leader Fang Lin, which of you trash has the right to act strong?” Li Xin mocked him disdainfully.

Fang Lin!

The first rank repeater!

He had an origin ability of 17.8 and a college entrance examination score of 1805!

There was a single person in the college entrance exam who had managed to destroy the martial arts master; his practical score was much higher than his origin ability! Compared to the previous year’s Zhangzheng College admission score requirement of 1810, he was a mere 5 points short! He definitely deserved to be ranked first amongst the repeaters. Although the freshmen might not know much about the repeaters, they had definitely all hear of the name Fang Lin.

After hearing what Li Xin had to say, the repeater’s mouth revealed a trace of a smile.

Su Hao’s heart skipped a beat. He had the feeling something was wrong. After exchanging looks with Zhou Wang and Bai Lingfeng, they both appeared to have had the same thought as him.

It couldn’t be such a coincidence!

Fang Lin!

No wonder the enemy’s strength was so formidable!

The person in front of them right now was none other than Fang Lin, the number one repeater.

“What do we do now?”

Su Hao felt helpless. He had reached his wit’s end.

“Lets try?”

Bai Lingfeng smiled, “To lose this way, I won’t have any regrets!”

Zhou Wang blurted out a single word at this moment, “Fight!”

“What do you guys mean?” Li Xin felt strange.

“Great, then we will make our move now!”

Su Hao took a deep breath and looked at the calm figure in front of them, “There is no shame in losing to the number one repeater. Make your move now!”

“What?” Li Xin was nearly scared to death. Even if his thick skin face had been protecting him this entire time, he was still frightened, “Damn, it can’t be...”

Fang Lin smiled indifferently and called out their names, “Su Hao, Zhou Wang, Bai Lingfeng, Li Xin... You all possess the qualifications to enter Zhanzheng College. Once this battle of honor ends, you will all suffer next time around!”

Su Hao wasn’t surprised that Fang Lin had managed to recognize them.

They must have done their homework concerning the top students among the freshmen. Every year, the top ten students would receive an abundant amount of attention.

“Very well. Let us witness the strength of a student possessing the qualifications to enroll in Zhanzheng College!”

Although Su Hao stated this calmly, he was incredibly nervous on the inside.

At this point, Fang Lin could basically be considered as a student of Zhanzheng College. After a month of struggling, Fang Lin would have surely reached the score threshold. This meant that as long as they were able to surpass Fang Lin, they would also posses the qualifications to enroll in Zhangzheng College!

Witnessing the level of required strength in advance wasn’t such a bad idea.

Not to mention, with the four of them together... Were they guaranteed to lose?

“Go!”

With that word coming from Su Hao, the battle began!

“Hong!”

The dark forest was suddenly adorned by a dazzling white light. It originated from the lightning and thunder coming from Zhou Wang. Lightning as thick as an arm rained down from above. Above the lightning, traces of blue energy circulated. A fragment of blue lightning flashed by, making its way towards Fang Lin. It was so massive that it almost covered his entire body.

“Hu...”

A strange breeze passed through the area. Blue wind blades danced like petals in the breeze. However, these petals were full of killing intent. As they rotated within the breeze, the murderous intent slowly intensified.

“Sou!”

A shadow flashed. That was Li Xin!

Facing the strongest opponent they had ever met, he no longer dared to underestimate the enemy. Even Li Xin used his complete strength to attack. He stepped on the ground with a loud bang, no longer caring about making noise. His aim was currently to regain his spirit, allowing him to concentrate in controlling his origin ability energy and giving him a better chance of dealing burst damage.

Compared to the wild outbursts caused by the other three, Su Hao opted for a sealth attack. His physical fitness played its role once again. Without producing any sound, Su Hao appeared in front of Fang Lin. Compared to the others that had attacked with a large scale burst, Su Hao’s attack was more like an assault from the darkness.

The four of them bombarded Lang Xin with their strongest attacks. This happened in the blink of an eye, with Zhou Wang’s lightning leading the charge. His attack was the first to land. Despite facing the attacks of several people, Fang Lin remained calm. He remained in the same spot and slowly raised his hand, uttering a single word, ”Congeal!”.

“Hong!”

Countless tree vines appeared from beneath the ground, instantly covering Fang Lin’s surroundings. From top to bottom, there were no exposed weaknesses.

Zhou Wang’s lighting hit, leaving a black spot on the tree vines. A large piece of tree trunk was burnt black and then...there was nothing.

Bai Lingfeng’s whirlwind also tried cutting through. Numerous leaves from tree trunks were cut off, but only a single centimeter had been pierced.

Su Hao’s figure also dashed out. Leaping into the air, he dropped a fierce punch. A loud bang could be heard. Compared to previous two, Su Hao had a different approach. All of his strength was concentrated on a single point, with the entirety of his energy condensed on top of his fist.

“Hong!”

The punch caused the tree trunk to appear broken. A two centimeter indent could be seen. However, when compared to the thickness of the tree vines, it was but a scratch.

Strangely enough, Li Xin’s attack was the strongest. Once again, he was able to hit a x3 critical hit, producing a very powerful force that carved a huge pit into the tree vines.

Unfortunately, their combined efforts still couldn’t break the defense of Fang Lin.

Everyone glanced at each other. All of them had an overwhelmed expression. This...this...four people had attacked at once, yet not one was able to break his defenses? It was worth noting that Zhou Wang had already reached 14 points in origin ability and Li Xin’s had landed a 3x critical hit; that force was terrifying! Fang Lin, how could he hold strong?

Fang Lin!

Grade A talent, plant control.

“Maybe he specializes in defense.”

Everyone subconsciously compared him to the ice crystal foe they had just faced.

However, Su Hao’s mind became alert as he looked at Fang Lin. This was because he had thought of something terrifying. In Fang Lin’s small team, one had been proficient in defense, another in healing. That meant that Fang Lin...

“Careful!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0105 Personal ranking
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0105 Personal ranking

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“Careful!”

Su Hao hastily threw a reminder at them.

However, before anyone could react, an emerald green object burst out of tree vine. The originally defensive vines suddenly changed their stance. The dazzling green light spread to their surroundings, covering everyone up. It left everyone with a feeling of despair, as if it was capable of destroying the entire forest.

“Kill!”

Su Hao and friends tried to resist. However, their feet tightened and then...disappeared into the forest of darkness.

One hit kill!

Fang Lin coldly smiled, “This year’s freshmen, they are only so so...”

“Xiu!”

A gray shadow passed by. Fang Lin dashed sideways, brushing with the gray shadow on his face which left a scratch.

He looked up and touched his face, feeling a sticky sensation. This is blood...

With surprise, Fang Lin looked at the few silhouettes which had disappeared. At the moment when they had vanished, a stone was suddenly shot out quickly, travelling through the gaps in the tree vines! That level of projection strength and speed... Within the freshmen, only one had such capabilities... Su Hao!

“Su Hao was definitely the weakest among the group. This Su Hao... Interesting.”

Fang Lin’s voice echoed in the forest. The scene flashed and everyone was returned to martial art building.

Battle of honor, end!

In the martial arts building, Su Hao could only bitterly smile as he looked at the vast expanse of white within the room.

One hit kill!

The four of them were very strong among freshmen, yet Fang Lin had been able to kill them in one move!

Exactly what had happened?

That horrifying tree vine attack had left them unable to resist. At that moment, Su Hao had quickly activated his model analysis, creating a terrain model of the surrounding ten meters. After analyzing the point of convergence of the tree vines, he shot out a stone towards the single gap he had discovered. Unfortunately, he had died before discovering the result of his attack.

Could a stone kill Fang Lin?

Of course it couldn’t!

However, this clearly showed Su Hao’s nature. He would never lie still while awaiting his death. Even when facing someone with such domineering strength, he refused to give in!

“Indeed worthy of being ranked first amongst the repeaters. With Fang Lin’s strength, he should have been able to easily evade it.” Su Hao ridiculed his meagre attempt. He didn’t know that during their death, Fang Lin had indeed let down his guard.

That stone did hit him in the end.

The school control center.

Vice principal and everyone else stood up. This was because Su Hao and friends had managed to score two points in front of Fang Lin, increasing their score to 22 points! Chen Yifeng’s record had been broken!

This was undoubtedly exciting!

Although this didn’t reflect how strong the current freshmen were, it proved that they had potential! Compared to Chen Yifeng, they weren’t far behind. In fact, they might be even stronger!

However, when Fang Lin had appeared, they already knew that things were coming to an end...

Fang Lin was also their student. In a single year’s time, they had witnessed a student with 10 origin ability points increase his strength to that of 17.8 origin ability points. Although there was still a fine line separating him from Zhanzheng College, there was no doubt that he would enter Zhanzheng College later on.

“Hong!”

A dazzling green light flashed. The screens on the control center all displayed this green light. When the green light disappeared, there was a single person standing there, Fang Lin!

“What happened?”

“Fang Lin became more powerful?”

Once again, they were unable to clearly see anything.

Without even waiting for the vice principal to open his mouth, the technical staff quickly opened the virtual scene and removed the dazzling green light by using a color stripping tool. A new scene was born.

This time, they could clearly see it.

The moment Su Hao and company finished attacking, Fang Lin began to make his move.

On the ground, countless of seemingly ordinary strands of grass under the effect of the green light soared upwards at an incredible speed, entangling their feet. Then, a thick rattan cut through their chests like a sharp weapon.

There hadn’t been the slightest delay.

One strike!

Killing four at once!

This was the strength of Fang Lin.

At this point, the final battle had finally ended. The battle of honor had officially finished. Countless screens in the control center flickered. The computer began the operation quickly, computing the final statistics. Simultaneously, everyone was allowed to leave the martial arts building and receive the result of the battle.

“Ka!”

The instruments flashed. The soft white belt instantly loosened up. As Su Hao opened his eyes, he stretched his wrists. It had finally ended...

“Weng~”

The communication device on his wrist vibrated. Su Hao activated the virtual screen. Several lines of information were displayed.

“The battle of honor had ended. The repeaters obtained the victory, showing their domination. As for freshmen, they suffered defeat in a sorry fashion. Hope that in the next battle of honor, you will claim back your honor!”

This was the first message.

“He.”

Su Hao shook his head. This wasn’t surprising. Losing was inevitable. He was more interested in his ranking...and continued scrolling down.

“The battle of honor’s final score is 100 to 22! Although the freshmen were not able to obtain victory, their score of 22 has broken the school record. Therefore, all freshmen will receive an additional 100 points!”

“Breaking the record?”

Su Hao was also shocked. 22 points!

This time, the freshmen had been able to kill 22 repeaters! With the four of them added together, that was only 15 points in total. This meant that there were up to seven other individuals who had ignored the huge gap in strength and defeated repeaters!

Chen Yiran...

Su Hao’s mind thought of this name first. He noticed that his mind was in a bit of a mess... He hadn’t seen her for quite some time. He wondered if she had a good day.

This entire time, he had avoided thinking of such matters. If he recalled how close they had been the past two years, his heart would ache and he’d have the urge to express his love. However, becoming friends was no longer possible. Families that matched in status... This phrase was even more serious that what Su Hao could imagine.

That was why Su Hao immersed himself in training. Only by doing this would he be able to ignore all those sweet memories they had made the past two years.

“Four years... It won’t be long!” A cold light flashed within Su Hao’s eyes.

The Sun family was the stumbling block in front of him. However, he knew very well that the real problem was not Sun family, but himself! Because he was too weak, because the Su family was too weak!

Killing a Sun member... There were still countless of Sun members.

Thus, in order to ignore them, he had to be extremely powerful first.

Bitterly smiling while shaking his head, he tossed this idea to the back of his mind. Su Hao continued to look at the next message.

_____________________

Personal ranking list.

First rank: Fang Lin, glory points: 18 points.

Second rank: Yi Tianqing, glory points: 12 points.

Third rank: Zhao Feng, glory points: 8 points.

....

Tenth rank: Su Hao, glory points: 6 points.

___________________

Everyone else was also looking at the results.

After seeing the end result, the students were in shock!

The performance of repeaters wasn’t surprising, but the freshmen’s performance had left everyone shocked.

A new record!

The record had been broken!

In the eyes of everyone, only the top students within the freshmen were capable of killing repeaters. That included the luck required to stumble across lower ranked repeaters. When the figure of 22 was displayed, everyone was dumbfounded. Whether it was repeaters or freshmen, everyone had the same reaction to the results.

22?

How did they get eliminated?

Everyone looked at the names higher up of the list. Su Hao, Zhou Wang, Bai Lingfeng... Every glory point that had been obtained was read by the students.

Su Hao, with only 12 points in origin ability was still the king. With 6 points scored, he had even managed to enter the top ten!

Zhou Wang and Bai Lingfeng’s result wasn’t surprising. There were also several with 1 or 2 points. They were quite famous themselves, but...that Li Xin? What was actually happening?

Li Xin’s strength wasn’t bad. That thick face nature of his had caused everyone to look down on him the moment school began. He should’ve belonged to the list of people who had instantly been killed upon the moment the event had started. However, looking at the 2 beside his name... This was unbelievable!

The freshmen were excited.

Because the record had been broken, they were able to obtain 100 task points for free. They were naturally excited. Su Hao, Zhou Wang, and several others instantly became everyone’s idols.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0106 A generous reward
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0106 A generous reward

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“Rank ten!”

Su Hao was surprised. This result was out of his expectations.

At this time, he remembered that repeaters wouldn’t necessarily be in the top ranks despite a good performance...because of the limited number of people! There were only one hundred freshmen in total!

Just Fang Lin alone had already eliminated 18 people!

This meant that at least 17 students would obtain zero points this time and place last. Not to mention second and third place had a combined twenty points. Yet another twenty students would obtain zero points.

In contrast, the freshmen couldn’t possibly kill all of the repeaters. Once you scored a kill, you would instantly rank higher!

Su Hao roughly went through the standings. For rank 50 and below, there were goose eggs next to their scores. The system ranked them based on their survivability. If they stayed alive longer in the dark forest, their rank would be higher.

Zhou Wang and Bai Lingfeng followed closely behind Su Hao. Even the two crits from Li Xin had snagged him two points, making him fairly high ranked. What made Su hao surprised was that Wang Lian had managed to obtain two points!

Pit!

This guy’s origin ability talent was to create a huge pit!

The guys trapped by Wang Lian must have died unwilling deaths. To be killed in such a way....

However, there were still some surprises among the repeaters. For example, Zhao Feng!

Zhao Feng’s ability was considered pretty weak among repeaters. However, nobody would have ever thought that this time around, Zhao Feng would be able to obtain the third rank! In reality, it wasn’t really surprising. With Zhao Feng’s ability, his attacks against freshmen with low origin ability in the dark forest was almost a guaranteed kill!

Su Hao sighed in sorrow. With a battle of such a large scale, strength wasn’t the only important point. One’s control over their origin ability was equally as important.

In dark forest map, Su Hao and Zhao Feng held an advantage due to their proficiency in close combat. However, the one who obtained the biggest advantage wasn’t them, but Fang Lin!

Plant control!

If it was an indoor or something similar to ghost castle, Fang Lin would have had to plant seeds himself. In a forest...Fang Lin definitely deserved to be crowned king!

They lost honorably!

This single battle had allowed freshmen to gain experience facing completely unfamiliar abilities. This greatly challenged the freshmen. As for the side of repeaters, they had been quite familiar with the freshmen who had just managed to complete the mock exam. Thus, freshmen were at a huge disadvantage in terms of information in the first battle.

However, by the time the next battle of honor came around, the information of various repeaters would have been widely distributed among the freshmen.

The school revealed a total of three points of information: the result of the battle, some information as reminder, and the reward for task points.

Su Hao took a brief glance. He had a total of 391 points.

Among them, 100 were from the entry reward and another 100 points for breaking the record.

Also, there was the personal ranking reward. Su Hao was ranked tenth. According to the formula given, 201 minus 10, he had earned a total of 191 points. That was his task reward.

“391 points... The reward from the battle of honor is really too generous...”

Su Hao sighed. In this battle, those students who went there just to be killed had obtained at least 200 points!

These people earned points without contributing!

Su Hao shook his head. The real aim of the battle of honor was to provide an environment for students to gain experience. In the battle of honor, you would face all kinds of strange origin abilities. You needed to learn how to deal with them! Learning how to escape in a group battle and create opportunities while hidden was paramount!

Battle, that was only a name for it.

Learning, that was the true purpose of battle of honor.

This was the true aim of the school. They would use task points to encourage students to participate in the battle.

“391 task points. Adding my previous 3000 points, I already have 3391 points!” Su Hao’s eyes lit up. This also meant that he could finally exchange for a body forging technique!

Obtaining body forging technique would mean that 100 points from body forging technique would be in his grasp. Although practicing body forging technique was a long process, he was confident of mastering it before the college entrance exam.

Exchanging for body forging technique!

Su Hao walked out from martial arts building. He then happened to witness a classmate shouting proudly.

“Hey, let me tell you all. The four of us were facing a crisis. If he was able to flee and Fang Lin reached us, we would definitely perish miserably. However, when I saw the foe was about to escape, I brimmed with anger. Trying to run away in front of this young master, isn’t this a suicidal move? With honor to withhold, I felt some responsibility and burst out! At that time, the energy in this young master’s body expanded. Just a punch and this guy was instantly killed!”

Su Hao was speechless, “...”

There was no need to ask!

Who was this amusing guy?

Besides Li Xin, who else could it be?

This kid appeared retarded, but he was actually smart. This story was definitely convincing. Additionally, Li Xin was among the top freshmen. With the two points he had obtained from the battle, he had convinced people to worship him.

Looking at the crowd, Su Hao instantly frowned.

He was shocked to notice Zhou Wang, hiding within the crowd and listening along...

After standing at the door for a few seconds, a fragrant wind made its way towards his nose. A few girls chattering among themselves suddenly noticed Su Hao as he raised his head.

“Yeah, it’s Su Hao!” A little girl said in excitement, “You’re in the top 10.”

“En, you must all work hard too.”

Su Hao smiled and nodded. He watched the elegant girl beside the little girl. She nodded slightly before smiling and walking into the distance.

“Wa, Yiran. Did you see that? He is so cool!”

The little girl looked at Su Hao like a crazed animal. This target of this statement was obviously Chen Yiran. She smiled, “Let’s go you love struck fool. It’s time for our meal.”

“Alright, right. Coming.”

The little girl quickly followed up.

Su Hao headed towards the task shop in the school. Along the way, his face couldn’t help but smile... Of course, he was happy to have met Chen Yiran just now.

Coincidence?

Su Hao didn’t believe. Su Hao had spent quite some time in the martial arts building. Many people had left. Even Li Xin was able to gather a huge crowd to boast. Yet, Chen Yiran hadn’t left? After being together for two years, they obviously understood each other quite well. Su Hao knew her very well. If he was to translate her action...

I haven’t seen you for a long time. I miss you...

“I also miss you.” Su Hao said in his heart. Just now, he noticed that the little girl was looking at him like a hungry wolf.

“Cough...cough...”

Su Hao resumed his usual expression and briskly walked towards the school task store. As he entered, he was left shocked. There were so many people!

The interior of the shop was full of students. Repeaters, freshmen, almost every student had come here. The usually deserted shop was incredibly packed.

What kind of situation was this?

After thinking back slightly, Su Hao had gotten the gist of the situation. Although the freshmen had only obtained 200 task points, the repeaters were different. Their reward included victory in the battle of honor. That must’ve been quite a sum. Also, a lot of people had only rushed back on the last day. After being busy for whole month, this was their best chance to spend their accumulated task points.

However, most people were looking at the screen or the self service platform to choose. Obviously, they still hadn’t made their decisions yet for which items they wanted. But even so, the queue line was incredibly long.

There were two ways to purchase items in the school task store.

You could directly exchange here in person, or do so on the internet before coming here to collect your items. This was for safety reasons. To prevent and hidden dangers, direct exchange via the internet was prohibited!

Opening his virtual screen, Su Hao selected the task shop, tapping on body forging technique and selecting the purchase option. After confirming his identity, three thousand task points were deducted from his total. Su Hao felt depressed looking at his remaining points... Task point balance, 291 points!

Su Hao followed the group in front of him and joined the queue.

However, he was soon noticed. With a total of 200 students in natural selection class, basically everyone would recognize the top student amongst the freshmen.

“Huh? Su Hao?”

“No, this time around, he was far too domineering! He placed rank ten with six points! To kill six repeaters, that’s a performance worthy of praise! Later, I will request his residual brain powder!”

“Che, what’s so special about that. He has a strong physical fitness. The dark forest scene was lucky enough to suit his ability.” Another student sneered, “Did you guys even look at the data? Even Zhou Wang’s origin ability had already reached 14. Yet, Su Hao was still at 12 points! By trying to breakthrough with just his body, his future is limited.”

“This is not the case.”

Another person entered the conversation, “You have to remember that his origin ability is only grade E. There is no point in improving his origin ability. You realize that in the natural selection class, there is nobody with a grade C or D ability. The worst is grade B! Also, if he were to max out his physical fitness and fighting technique, they’d still only add up to 200 points! His strength is quickly approaching its limit...”

Several students kept discussing the issue.

The discussion concerning Su Hao reaching his limit had already been ongoing for some time. From the moment he had entered the natural selection class, he had attracted a wide array of attention from everyone. Under most circumstances, the world was a fair one. As the top student, he had obtained many benefits as well as disadvantages.

The benefit was naturally the many task points he had obtained from Bai Xiaosheng.

The disadvantages naturally involved the wide range of criticism he received.

A student who had been abandoned by his own origin ability, how far could he go?

The best estimation?

200 points in theoretical basis, 400 points of physical fitness, and 400 points in fighting techniques was the limit of the global assessment on humans. This was something one could obtain without a origin ability. Adding all of this up totalled 1,000 points which was equivalent to 10 points in origin ability!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0107 Preparing to cheat again
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0107 Preparing to cheat again

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

10 points of origin ability.

Based on everyone’s understanding, this was the maximum threshold for strength that Su hao could achieve. As for his origin ability? Su Hao’s 400 points were completely useless in combat.

To consider his grade E model analysis as negligible would not be considered an exaggeration.

Thus, everyone completely ignored how strong Su Hao’s ability index was. When everyone searched for his data, they would only look at three parts: physical fitness 300 points, theoretical basis 190 points, and fighting technique 310 points.

In the eyes of others, Su Hao’s true origin ability might only be 9 points.

Close combat was extremely useful in earlier stages, especially as a student. That was the period in time where many abilities had yet to fully develop.

That was the reason why Su Hao was able to reverse the results of combat.

At least, that was what everyone had assumed had taken place during his battle with Zhao Feng.

Strangely enough though, Su Hao kept rising. He appeared victorious time and time again, gaining the attention of nearly everyone. His achievements in field exploration, the battle with Zhao Feng, and his high score in the battle of honor had left everyone in disbelief. With only 9 points of origin ability and a waste of an ability, how was he able to repeatedly rise up above the masses?

They found out why shortly after. Su Hao had dedicated everything to taking advantage of his physical strength. This left him as the target of various jeers and ridicule once again.

Su Hao was indifferent towards all of this.

He would allow others to do whatever they wanted. At most, they could only verbally attack him. As for Su Hao? He had obtained generous rewards from the deal with Bai Xiaosheng. If such benefits were to appear again in the future, he wouldn’t hesitate to participate.

As for what they discussed, it was not related to him whatsoever.

“What item do you think Su Hao will exchange for?” A student whispered.

“I think the highest possibility would be military fighting technique. Based on Su Hao’s path, he should be attempting to improve his fighting technique to the maximum. You should know that it was his biggest crutch. Based on his previous battles, you should have noticed that Su Hao has already mastered fighting essence. Although I’m not sure how he managed to do so, his fighting techniques would reach the pinnacle if he also mastered military fighting technique as well!” A self-proclaimed expert student analyzed the situation.

After everyone listened, they nodded in agreement.

A short student said with dissatisfaction, “Why not physical fitness? Su Hao’s physical fitness is also 300 points. As long as he obtains the last 100 points, he could still obtain max points. In my opinion, for Su Hao to have such capabilities, it must be closely related to his physical fitness. Others scored only 150 points in comparison to his 300! That was an act of complete domination. If he was to achieve 400 points, he would be even more terrifying.”

“This is also true.” The other students were unconvinced.

The so called expert student despicably looked at him, “Little brat, all theories need to be realistic. Do you know how to obtain the last 100 points in physical fitness? Body forging technique! Do you know how much it costs from the task shop? 3000 points! Do you still believe he is doing so?”

“3...3000 points?” A student was shocked by the figure put forth. Looking at his pitiful 300 points, he then nodded in deep thought, “It seems that Su Hao will probably pick military fighting technique.”

The short student was also shocked when he heard the sum of 3000 points However, looking at the prideful expression of the so called expert student, he unwillingly said, “How do you know that Su Hao doesn’t have 3000 points?”

“Oh my lord.” The expert student showed an expression of exasperation, “Do you know how many points are awarded for one task? Do you know how many points students collect from an entire year of completing tasks? 3000 points! Do you think we’re playing house? Brat, let me be clear. If Su Hao really has 3000 points, I will eat this communication device!”

“...”

Su Hao looked at them from far away. A few students who saw Su Hao quickly turned around and looked down.

Su Hao helplessly shook his head. After his physical fitness was enhanced, his senses had also improved. His hearing, vision, and other physical aspects had experienced a substantial increase in strength.

They were right. Physical fitness was a part of what Su Hao relied on!

However, what had that student said just now? He would eat his communication device?

A few people in front of Su Hao purchased their items and quickly left. Soon, it was Su Hao’s turn.

The young girl on the other side of the window smiled sweetly, “Hello, student Su Hao. What can I help you with?”

“Body forging technique.”

Su Hao casually continued, “I already purchased it via my communication device. I am here to pick it up.”

“Body forging technique...”

The young girl was extremely surprised. The information showed that Su Hao was still a freshmen. Body forging technique cost a total of 3000 task points! He had managed to obtain 3000 task points in a single month? This was unimaginable.

“Hold on for a moment. Let me confirm the transaction.”

The young girl was in a hurry. Su Hao faintly nodded.

In the store, an uproar occurred!

Everyone looked around in disbelief! They had all been stunned by Su Hao’s 3000 points.

On the right side, the few students that had been discussing Su Hao were completely dumbfounded! 3000 points! Body forging technique! Su Hao was actually going to exchange for body forging technique!

The short student revealed look of worship.

As for the so called expert student, numerous beads of sweat could be seen on his forehead. After quickly wiping off his sweat, he looked at his communication device, “Impossible... It can’t be true.”

A few moments later, the young girl confirmed the information.

After docking Su Hao’s device on the system, the information about body forging technique was transferred to Su Hao’s communication device.

This was how data was transmitted!

Body forging technique is not something a book could properly explain. It consisted of several gigabytes of data, containing countless videos of practice and information from predecessors. Every step was documented in extreme detail. This was enough for Su Hao to train for a long time.

Soon, the data transmission was completed.

Su Hao left the scene. The task shop turned silent.

It had turned out to be true!

3000 task points!

This was probably the largest transaction conducted since the school had reopened as well as the largest transaction the freshmen had ever seen. It was far too unbelievable! What task had he completed to have been able to obtain 3000 task points? They were unaware that a large portion of these task points had been from themselves.

Su Hao ignored the crowd. He walked towards the self service platform, updating the list of task and store contents in his communication device.

By updating from time to time, he would be able to gain access to information about the school’s new merchandise.

When he was updating his device, Su Hao was still looking at that student. I thought you were going to eat your communication device. Why are you still not eating?

“...”

The store became lively once again. The crowd continued their discussion. However, the few students who had criticized Su Hao just now were quiet as they looked at the so called expert student.

He was sweating profusely. His eyes shifted between himself, the surrounding students, and his communication device.

To eat or not to eat?

As if he had noticed the mocking expressions of other students, the student gritted his teeth and removed his communication device. He placed it near his mouth and prepared to bite down.

Su Hao had never expected that this guy was willing to eat it to preserve his face.

Good courage!

However, as he was about to eat, the whole shop burst into a dispute. A loud and mocking voice could be heard. Everyone looked up. Something happening in the store!

At the door, Chen Yiran walked in with her best friend. Everyone looked at the student who had fallen on the ground and frowned. Sun Yaotian...

The one who was being bullied turned out to be Sun Yaotian?

Everyone remained silent was they watched the scene in the store hall. In front of a self service platform, a burly student coldly stared at Sun Yaotian, “Kneel down and apologize. Your father will let you off this time!”

Su Hao frowned.

What kind of situation was this?

He naturally loved seeing Sun Yaotian being bullied. However, Chen Yiran was here too. With the relationship between both families, Chen Yiran probably couldn’t help but keep an eye on the situation. The madam of the Sun family was a childhood friend of Chen Yiran’s mother. She treated Chen Yiran like her own daughter.

Thus, it could be said that both families had quite a close relationship.

Although Chen Yiran wouldn’t normally bother with Sun Yaotian, for the sake of the Sun family’s madam, she would probably intervene.

“Interesting.”

Su Hao looked at this scene. He seemed to have thought of something and laughed. He squinted his eyes.

If the blue dream butterfly was here, she would know... Su Hao was ready to cheat again!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0108 Chen Yiran’s choice
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0108 Chen Yiran’s choice

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

In the task store.

The burly student stared at Sun Yaotian with a sneer on his face, “Grandson, you even dare to snatch this grandpa’s item? You’re tired of living, is it?”

Sun Yaotian was brimming with anger. Since when he had received such humiliation?

For the most part, having to receive humiliation at the hands of Su Hao was already enough. A casual dog could now bully him? A repeater who couldn’t even pass the college examination for Zhanzheng College dared to bully him?

“Get lost. This is something I am fond of. Who the hell would know that you were planning on exchanging for it? Just wait a few days then.”

“This grandson is funny. You dare to mock me?” That student raged.

Pa!

This slap landed on Sun Yaotian’s face. Such a brazen action stunned Sun Yaotian, causing him to stare at the student in front in disbelief. This guy...actually dared to hit him? He was a dignified son of Jianghe City’s Sun family.

“F*ck your mum! You dare to hit me!”

Sun Yaotian couldn’t hold his anger anymore. His origin ability leaked from his body. His whole body appeared to become like iron. Covered in iron, he directed a punch at the repeater. Underneath the metallic luster, this punch was full of explosive power.

However the sad part...

“Kuang!”

A hand casually blocked his punch. Sun Yaotian’s right hand had been captured with ease. Sun Yaotian was unable to move his hand no matter how hard he struggled.

“Brat, with such ability, you want to challenge me?” That student laughed sinisterly.

“Kacha!”

“A~”

With a scream, Sun Yaotian fell to the ground. He grasped his right hand with a pained expression on his face. The bones in his hand had been shattered, wasting his entire hand.

“Hm?”

Su Hao’s mind moved as he watched everything taking place.

From the exchange of dialogue, he could easily tell what had happened between the two. If he wasn’t mistaken, the repeater had come here to exchange for an item or manual. However, the task shop must’ve been low on stock. Sun Yaotian had managed to buy the very last one from under his nose.

Unfortunately for Sun Yaotian, the repeater must have been in a bad mood and had vented his anger out on Sun Yaotian. Coupled with the illness Sun Yaotian had since a long time ago, his cheap and sharp mouth would naturally add oil to the fire.

Although this was only Su Hao’s analysis, he was pretty sure that it didn’t deviate too much from the truth.

As for why this repeater was in bad mood... It was because this repeater was the guy killed by Su Hao in the dark forest. Despite being much higher ranked in terms of physical fitness and fighting technique, he was eliminated by the teamwork of Su Hao and Wang Lian. Su Hao had slain him by penetrating his chest with the sharp trunk.

He would have obtained many points, yet due to the appearance of Su Hao and Wang Lian, he disappeared from the forest with nothing to his name. This was something unbearable for him. He would naturally be furious.

“Who...are you!” Sun Yaotian endured the pain. By taking out a bottle of pain loss drugs, the pain in his hand was suppressed. Like a madman, he stared at the student in front of him. From the time he had been young till now, when had he ever received such humiliation?

“Me?”

The student sneered and cracked his neck. Loud cracking sounds could be heard. “Daddy is called Guan Yuanzhong. My origin ability is 15 points. Brat, I want to see how you will take your revenge.”

“You will regret this.” Sun Yaotian stared at him with a gloomy expression, filled with killing intent.

“Really?”

Guan Yuanzhong smiled, “Did you know? In the natural selection class, as long as you don’t kill anyone, nobody will control you. I know you, you’re the Sun family’s waste. The guy who won’t achieve anything. You want the Sun family to seek revenge for you? It’s too bad I’m not someone from Jianghe City. If you’re daring enough, come to our urban district. We will make sure the Sun family won’t be able to return.”

Surrounded in silence, the crowd was looking at Sun Yaotian as if they were looking at a retard.

This guy, besides the ability to speak ruthlessly, what else did he know? Shouting again that his father was Sun Batian? This is such a great tool! The Sun family’s influence is indeed huge...but it is only limited to Jianghe City!

This was the era of origin ability!

Because of the wild berserk beasts outside, every city possessed several strong powerhouses. The Sun family were kings in Jianghe City, but elsewhere? They weren’t even worth a fart. This was the reason why people here were incapable of bothering with Sun Yaotian.

This was the natural selection class, the stage to enroll in Zhanzheng College.

Everyone came here as a stepping stone to enter Zhanzheng College. Sun Yaotian didn’t suffer nor work hard and had unlimited resources, yet only knew how to play with girls. Such a person, what qualifications did he have to be friends with others?

Thus, from the moment he arrived in natural selection class, Sun Yaotian had been unable to get himself a single friend! He would usually have his lackeys around him, but not even a shadow could be seen here. At this point, despite being beaten to the ground, nobody was willing to help him! Not a single person stood up for him.

To offend someone with 15 points origin ability...for this waste, that was a bad call!

“Isn’t your Sun family rich?” Guan Yuanzhong sneered, “I heard that one of your eyes had been wasted and replaced with a biological eye? No wonder you still look like a dog. Why don’t I remove the other one too, so you can have a pair of biological eyes?”

Guan Yuanzhong smiled sinisterly. With one foot on Sun Yaotian’s body, he stared at the eye.

At this moment, in the faraway distance, a middle aged man coldly looked at the scene. A student beside him bitterly smiled, “Teacher, despite the situation having progressed to this point, you’re not going to intervene?”

The middle aged man said in a low voice, “No worries. As long as no deaths are involved, the school will not bother. Not to mention, a few people will die every year in natural selection class. This is nothing serious.”

The student was covered in cold sweat... Every year, a few will die...

Looking at the scene inside, the student could only secretly pray. Quickly use your life and death command! Idiot, if you use a life and death command, the teacher will save you no matter the circumstances!

Unfortunately, this student’s prayer went unanswered.

The entirety of the freshmen class thought that life and death command could only be used during field exploration. They obviously didn’t know that the so called life and death command could be used anywhere on campus too. Anywhere!

“What?”

Sun Yaotian struggled to retreat due to shock, but Su Hao was stunned as he noticed that Chen Yiran didn’t make her move!

He raised his head to look at Chen Yiran. Chen Yiran was also looking at him. As the two made eye contact, Su Hao understood the conviction given by Chen Yiran’s eyes. He instantly understood her choice.

“This fool...”

Chen Yiran didn’t make any moves because of him.

Chen Yiran, Su Hao, Sun Yaotian. Basically everyone knew of the relationship between these three. If Chen Yiran was to rescue Sun Yaotian at this moment, it would be akin to telling everyone that she had chosen Sun Yaotian over Su Hao. Su Hao would be placed in an embarrassing situation!

Thus, at this moment, Chen Yiran had decided to ignore what was going on.

No matter what the relationship between Sun group and Chen group, no matter how well the Sun madam treated her, she didn’t want to take any actions which would betray Su Hao. Even if it was just someone else’s misunderstanding!

In the relationship between them, it was always Su Hao who had to put forth effort. She wanted to go, but to avoid making any moves was her best choice in aiding Su Hao! Even if she was to walk in front of Su Hao and say a few words, such an act might bring trouble to Su Hao instead.

Most of the time, she could do nothing but look. Her heart was pained by her inability to take action.

Thus, this time, even if the relation between both groups became bad or the Sun madam no longer treated her well, or even if she was going to lose many things, she had to admit, “Su Hao, this is all I can do for you.”

“Stop!”

Peng!

A white shadow flashed. Guan Yuanzhong’s mind was alarmed and quickly took a defensive posture. Even so, he had to retreat two steps backward due to the foe’s force. However, it hadn’t inflicted any damage. Raising his head, Guan Yuanzhong looked at the person in front of him, “It’s you, Su Hao? You want to meddle in my affairs?”

Everyone looked up in shock.

Su Hao!

Nobody would have thought that at this time, the one who would make a move turned out to be Su Hao!

The freshmen were exceptionally clear on the relationship between Su Hao and Sun Yaotian.

The conflicts between Su Hao and Sun Yaotian were much more ruthless than the current affair with Guan Yuanzhong. Despite this, Su hao had stood up for Sun Yaotian this time?

What was happening?

Su Hao exchanged looks with Chen Yiran. Su Hao’s mouth revealed a trace of a smile. Chen Yiran’s choice had touched his heart. The girl of his dreams had chosen to ignore Sun Yaotian for his sake. However, he was unable to bear thinking of Chen Yiran facing the consequences of her choice by herself.

As a man, he would never let his woman to be sink into any embarrassing dilemmas.

This matter, he would handle it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0109 Su Hao’s aim
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0109 Su Hao’s aim

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

Within the school task store, the atmosphere was very tense.

Su Hao’s sudden appearance had shocked the entire crowd. The majority of them wouldn’t care no matter who was being attacked. Only Su Hao was the exception... Su Hao moving to save Sun Yaotian... Had the world gone mad?

Su Hao casually turned his body. He wasn’t someone who acted without thinking about the consequences.

If something really did happen to this retard Sun Yaotian while Chen Yiran was nearby, the good relationship between both groups would instantly collapse. History showed that old man Sun Batian might even unleash his anger on Chen Yiran. If that happened, Jianghe City would encounter a disaster.

Not to mention...his mind had already decided long ago on this matter.

It wasn’t known what Sun Batian had told his son. These days, Sun Yaotian even had the courage to resist the shadow left by Su Hao on his heart. He even dared to challenge Su Hao, knowing he’d be beaten into a bloody mess. If he was able to get rid of the shadow, then wouldn’t all of Su Hao’s efforts go down the drain?

This was why Su Hao didn’t mind adding oil to the flame this time around. .

He turned around,looking at the burly figure of Guan Yuanzhong. Su Hao then said in a low tone, “Don’t go overboard. No matter what you want, you can just wait two days. I believe the task store would have it by then.”

“Hmph, a busybody!”

Guan Yuanzhong sneered, “Ask that grandson to give it to me. Then, kneel down for an apology. Grandpa will let him off after that.”

Su Hao looked down and faintly smiled at Sun Yaotian. Sun Yaotian raised his head and noticed Su Hao’s expression and those ridiculing eyes. If others helped him, he might’ve had the ability to feel grateful, but Su Hao...would only leave him humiliated. This was even more embarrassing than being bullied by Guan Yuanzhong. Had he been reduced to needing help from his rival?

“Su Hao, get lost! You don’t have to get involved in my business. You want to waste my eyes, right? Do it then. I want to see how brave you are. Let’s see if you can leave Jianghe City alive after doing so.”

Fool!

All the students in the crowd had the same thought after hearing him.

Su Hao had already helped you, yet you asked him to get lost and took the initiative to provoke Guan Yuanzhong? Did he think himself to be Ultraman? The atmosphere had almost been diffused, but it had become boiling once again.

“Great, grandpa will kill you first!” Guan Yuanzhong sneered.

“Such a pig-like teammate...” Su Hao murmured, slowly stretching out his right leg.

Peng!

A sharp and accurate kick hit Sun Yaotian’s head. He immediately fainted.

The crowd was completely dumbfounded.

What?!

What was going on? Hadn’t Su Hao stepped forward to help him?

Guan Yuzhong watched Su Hao in shock, “You’re not here to help him?”

“Of course I am.” Su Hao said in low tone, “But his mouth is too sharp. I can’t help but shut him up myself.”

“...”

“I’ll repeat myself again. I’m giving you face for being the top student among the freshmen. Get lost! I will consider it as if this never happened.”

Guan Yuanzhong coldly said, “Otherwise, I don’t mind beating you up too.”

“Really?”

Su Hao raised a smile on his mouth, “It seems that you don’t recognize me.”

“En?”

Guan Yuanzhong sneered, “What? You, Su Hao, still have another identity?”

Su Hao smiled and then replied, “Within my 6 glory points, one of them is contributed by you. Have you already forgotten?”

Shua!

The students’ eyes lit up.

If Su Hao had killed Guan Yuanzhong in dark forest, why couldn’t Guan Yuanzhong recognize him?

Guan Yuanzhong was obviously stunned. With both eyes wide open, he stared at Su Hao before revealing his anger, “It was you!”

In dark forest, the lighting wasn’t very good. Additionally, Su Hao had applied the dark green camouflage on his uniform. When Su Hao had made his move, Guan Yuanzhong was incapable of clearly seeing who it was! From a rational standpoint, it made sense. Besides the top student amongst the freshmen, Su Hao, who else would have such strength? Who else had such physical fitness?

“Great, I will repay the favor from the battle of honor as well.”

After learning that Su Hao was the one who killed him, his anger was brimming to maximum. He could tolerate failure, but not like this.

“Hong!”

His origin ability overflowed. The muscles in Guan Yuanzhong’s body toughened up. His originally burly body became even larger. He grinned for a second before punching towards Su Hao.

“Are you trying to start a war between the freshmen and repeaters?” Su Hao looked at him coldly.

Guan Yuanzhong’s eyelids jumped. His fist stopped in front of Su Hao, “What do you mean by that?”

Su Hao continued, “In the battle of honor, the repeaters worse a yellow uniform. Whereas we freshmen wore a white uniform. It was easy to distinguish between the two. But do you know why our uniform is the same on campus?”

“En?”

Many students in the crowd were obviously surprised for a moment.

“Because the battle of honor is a battlefield! Thus, there is the need to distinguish between friend and foe. But on campus, everyone wears the same uniform. We are all schoolmates, not enemies! This is the purpose of school. As for you, you failed in battle of honor, yet you want vent out your anger here? What are you repeaters planning? En? Are you trying to eliminate us freshmen to prevent us from surpassing you in future? Come then!”

The more Su Hao said, the more excited he became, “Do you want revenge that badly? Come then! I already killed you in this time’s battle of honor. I can definitely do so next time around as well. Or you can simply kill me now! Are you guys, the 22 students who failed, planning on seeking revenge? Do we have to face the revenge of every fallen repeater in the future as well?”

Su Hao confronted Guan Yuanzhong with a roar.

As the top student within freshmen, Su Hao naturally needed to defend any bullied freshmen, even if it happened to beSun Yaotian. That was the image he was giving off right now in front of everyone. The surrounding freshmen became excited after listening to Su Hao’s speech.

The atmosphere in the store became even more tense.

However, nobody noticed that as Su Hao stared at Guang Yuanzhong, a light flashed.

Model analysis, start!

Character modeling!

Shua!

The scene Su Hao saw became illusionary. In such a tense atmosphere, he had actually activated his model analysis and even built a character model! At this moment, a character model of Guan Yuanzhong appeared within his mind. Cards began to float around the model.

Su Hao immediately selected one of the cards...beginner military fighting technique!

The battle of honor wasn’t just a battlefield for Su Hao.

Although it was a virtual battle and Su Hao couldn’t read the card, building a character model wasn’t a problem. That was how he had been able to clearly analyze every foe he met and obtain the results he desired. For example...this guy in front. Even if there hadn’t been an incident with Sun Yaotian, he would still have needed to duel with this guy.

This was an opportunity sent by heaven.

“Card selection complete...beginner military fighting technique...model analyzing...model established...card model establishment completed...”

A gray card appeared successfully within Su Hao’s mind.

_____________

Name: Beginner military fighting technique

Grade: 1 star

Description: This is an advanced fighting technique course. Once beginner military fighting technique is mastered, there will be a substantial increase in destructive power! This is an advanced course for university.

______________

Destructive power!

Su Hao’s heart skipped a beat. No wonder he felt it was difficult to fight anyone who had mastered military fighting technique.

Basic fighting technique’s purpose was to form a basic foundation. Police fighting technique emphasized on locking down your target and military fighting technique concentrated on killing. That was a true fighting technique with destructive power!

Although he had learned fighting essence, it depended heavily on the strength of his combo. With only basic fighting technique and police fighting technique, he was incapable of displaying fighting essence’s full potential. However, if he was to master military fighting technique, the effect would rise to an entirely different tier.

Shua!

The surrounding scene changed again. Once again, it turned back to normal.

Nobody noticed that in such a short amount of time, Su Hao had used his ability to learn beginner military fighting technique.

In the eyes of others, they only witnessed Su Hao giving Guan Yuanzhong a fierce look!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0110 Killing three birds with a stone
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0110 Killing three birds with a stone

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

The surrounding atmosphere was getting more tense.

A feeling of remorse made its way into Guan Yuanzhong’s heart. As he looked around the task store, he noticed that many freshmen were looking at him with disdain. Although he was someone who was easily provoked, he wasn’t an idiot. Su Hao was the real culprit behind attempting to provoke the freshmen and repeaters into war, “I’m not...”

“You’re not what!”

Su Hao immediately interrupted him. Looking around, he excitedly continued, “Fellow freshmen, are you willing to accept such a result? Killing them in the battle of honor results in having to receive their revenge? What’s the point in completing the task? Repeaters, I am not willing to be bullied like this. If you want to fight or kill, I will accompany you!”

“Count me in!”

Chen Yiran‘s cold voice rang through the room. She indifferently stood beside Su Hao with her sweet smile, “I also killed a repeater. Do you want to seek revenge from me too?”

Both glanced at each other for a second. As they both smiled, any thoughts of missing each other begun to vanish.

“Count me in as well. Damn, you dare bully our leader? You are courting death! I also killed two repeaters. You want to kill me then?” It was not known when Li Xin had arrived on the scene. He stood forward and stared at Guan Yuanzhong with contempt.

“Count me in!”

Zhou Wang casually walked forward as well.

“Me too!”

Bai Lingfeng also entered the store from outside.

Su Hao and company had not only obtained victory, but also broken the previous record. Thus, everyone was able to obtain quite a number of points. They were currently at the pinnacle of popularity within the school. Thus, after all of them had stood up, the surrounding students began to get excited and boiled in anger. The few leaders they had within the freshmen class had already stood up. They were the idols of the entire freshmen class, their pillar of hope for future battles of honor.

If not for the voice within their heart, they still had to stand up for the sake of the hundreds of task points they had received!

Besides, even if something happened, it wouldn’t affect them.

“Count me in! Bullying us freshmen, I will be the first to disagree!” A student stood up.

“Count me in as well!”

“Count me in!”

...

Very quickly, a large number of students had stood up. Of the hundred freshmen, more than fifty had stood up. All of them were looking at Guan Yuanzhong in anger. Cold sweat began to drop from Guan Yuanzhong’s brow. He never thought that things would develop in such a matter.

Looking at that smiling eyes of Su Hao, he knew he had been tricked!

After noticing that the crowd wasn’t particularly large, Su Hao deliberately led this matter towards the topic of the battle of honor. By provoking the emotions of the students, he managed to create the current scene. He could no longer back out of the current situation. The few repeaters who had stood beside him had already fled long ago.

“I...”

“You...you what!” Su Hao sneered, “We don’t want to hear your nonsense. You either apologize to Sun Yaotian or go to war with us! We freshmen might not be strong, but we won’t succumb to you!”

“You!”

Guan Yuanzhong’s face was completely red. His fists were clenched as he tried to get anger under control. Su Hao smirked and patted Sun Yaotian to wake him up before looking back at Guan Yuanzhong.

Guan Yuzhong bit his teeth. He walked in front of Sun Yaotian, bowed his head, and said, “I’m sorry!”

After saying what he had to, he grumped for a second before leaving the hall.

Su Hao then smiled. After looking at Sun Yaotian who was currently at a loss, he sighed in disappointment, “Next time, don’t do this kind of thing again. We can’t help you every time.”

We...

Su Hao used this word to make sure he included all the students.

Sun Yaotian finally got his wits together and reacted. After he had fainted from a kick, he had woken up to an apology from Guan Yuanzhong. Afterwards, he had been talked down to by Su Hao, making him incredibly angry. He would rather be wasted by Guan Yuanzhong than receive fake sympathy from his rival.

“Who the hell needed you guys’ help?”

Sun Yaotian had subconsciously mirrored Su Hao’s choice of words. He didn’t realize that by doing so, had had managed to offend every freshmen. We helped you out of the kindness of our heart to have things end up like this? Damn, what did we save this bastard for? Let him die instead!

Su Hao sighed and apologized to the surrounding students, “Sorry, I was the one who involved everyone.”

“No problem, boss Su. You’re our top student.”

“Yeah, your problems are our problems.”

“Boss Su, your sense of responsibility is too much. Sometimes, not everyone is willing to receive help.”

“Yes, yes, especially the thankless wretches who repay your kindness with complaints.”

In front of repeaters, Su Hao had even been willing to help his eternal enemy Sun Yaotian. Didn’t that mean that Su Hao would also help them resolve any troubles they encountered in the future? They recalled when Su Hao had still been a weakling. He had slowly made progress before finally managing to enroll in the natural selection class as a top student.

The circus show came to a close.

The people in queue continued lining up. The ones who had tasks to complete made their way towards their destinations. Sun Yaotian was still at a loss. Su Hao’s kick had caused him to miss out on several crucial pieces of information. He was completely unaware as to why every student was treating him so coldly. They had all given him looks of despise before turning away.

The poor Sun was at a loss. In the end, exactly what had happened?

On the campus.

As he exited the school store, Su Hao was in a very good mood.

Although it had been a fairly small incident, it had been enough to further his relationship with Chen Yiran by another step. Also, his position as a hero within the hearts of the freshmen had been solidified. He had also been able to obtain beginner military fighting technique. Sun Yaotian’s self esteem had also taken another severe blow. In the nearby future, he probably wouldn’t have the face to meet with Chen Yiran.

After being saved by Su Hao, his confidence would be impacted for quite some time.

The final results of today had left Su Hao extremely satisfied.

In this world, there was no wall capable of isolating news, especially with all the various origin abilities out there. The price of killing Sun Yaotian was not one he could currently pay. If he really wanted to get rid of Sun Yaotian, he needed to cut the head off the snake, eliminating Sun Batian and Sun Yaohui as well!

This was the era of origin ability.

Strength would always be the most important factor.

Su Hao went back to his dormitory. The first thing he did was train. Since body forging technique was now in his possession, he was extremely eager to see it. What exactly was it?

Shua!

The virtual screen popped out.

Su Hao selected body forging technique and noticed something interesting.

The virtual screen was automatically put into private mode. It couldn’t be set to public mode. In other words, when learning body forging technique, all the contents could only be seen by Su Hao alone. The school’s information could only be accessed through the communication device issued by the school. The school did this to prevent the school’s secrets from being leaked.

Of course, if you wanted to teach others after learning it yourself, nobody would bother.

The screen flashed.

Picture after picture appeared. Su Hao opened his eyes wide. He wanted to see exactly what body forging technique was.

10 minutes later, Su Hao was in a deep thought.

The demonstration of body forging technique wasn’t long, with a total of two parts.

The first part was about basic movements. It was pretty similar to gymnastic, but whether it was methods or actions, the difficulty was several times higher. The second part concerned the operational route of origin ability energy. This route would guide you on how to circulate your energy within your body!

Such a thing could only be done by watching the demonstration on the virtual screen and trying to imitate the circulation of energy within your own body.

When both parts combined, it would form the completed body forging technique.

These ultra difficult movements were used to train the strength and flexibility of body while enhancing cell activity. However, it was hard to complete a lot of these movements. Origin ability energy was needed to complete them.

The body is a complete vessel.

It was also the largest mystery in the world of science. Genes, cells, nerves... Each of them was a mysterious existence. They were all combined together with origin ability energy.

Under the stimulation of origin ability energy, the body became even more complex!

Some parts, cells, and nerves,would undergo permanent changes from the long term stimulation of origin ability energy. This was the long term result of the experiment conducted by scientists. After numerous tests, along with extremely hard movement training, the body forging technique made its way into the world.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0111 Practicing body forging technique
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0111 Practicing body forging technique

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

Practicing body forging technique was an extremely arduous process.

First, you needed to master your control over origin ability energy. Afterwards, you had to operate the energy within your body before moving it as instructed. The stimulation of origin ability energy would cause your body to slowly undergo physical changes directed at enhancing the body. It was no wonder that body forging technique was described as an extremely slow skill to train in.

Long term changes could be accelerated by doing so.

“Let’s master the route first before beginning practice.”

Su Hao made some plans before starting to study body forging technique.

The route operation was very complex. All the various routes, positions, points of stimuli, and intersections made things quite difficult for Su Hao. It was said that in order to master these, a week was required. However, this tidbit only managed to incite Su Hao’s obsession with training.

This was no joke. In front of a bookworm, there was no such thing as giving up.

A week? Who needed that much time?

In exactly three days, Su Hao had already remembered every single detail. Coupled with some knowledge he had learned in middle school concerning the important points in the body, they all left a lasting impression within his mind.

Three days!

With all the routes running perfectly, it was time for Su Hao to officially start his real training. Compared to the complex routes, the body movements were extremely straightforward.

Body forging technique had a total of 362 movement aspects.

Every movement aspect needed to be synchronized with the stimulation of energy within his body. Only by doing so would it be possible to obtain the best results. Su Hao took a deep breath and began his training.

“One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight!”

“Kacha!”

Su Hao performed a total of eight movements before his facial expression underwent a sudden change. His wrist...had been dislocated. This was unbelievable. With his current physical fitness of 3000 points, his strength was extremely high. It was a simple matter for him to destroy stones with a simple punch and yet, his wrist had been dislocated so easily?

This was worthy of being called body forging technique.

Whether it was origin ability, physical strength, or fighting techniques, it required an extremely long period of time to completely master them. Additionally, this matter was closely related to talent!

Someone in natural selection class was capable of improving by 6 or 7 points in a single year! On the other hand, there were some who would devote themselves to training and only increase their strength by 3 points. Was it because of task points?

Not really!

The majority of the time, it was due to the limitations of their talent or perception. Would you be able to master a new technique upon receiving it?

Not really.

For example, Su Hao was struggling to train in body forging technique. He had already suffered a dislocation on the 8th of 326 movements! How long would it take to master all of these?

Fortunately, Su Hao was no stranger to suffering. He was unafraid of facing hardships.

Again!

“One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight!”

Su Hao was completely immersed in his training. He repeated his training over and over, without a single pause between training sessions. His training was the only thing on his mind.

Time passed quickly, unbeknownst to Su Hao.

The number of movement aspects which Su Hao had mastered steadily increased. Twenty...thirty...fifty...one hundred...two hundred...three hundred...

“Ka!”

326th, completed!

“Hong!”

Su Hao felt something discharge within his mind. A sensation similar to that of an electric current flowed throughout his entire body. With the last movement’s completion, the previous 326 stimuli within his body began to react. A numbing sensation spread through the entirety of his body, traveling through his torso, head, and limbs.

While this was happening, Su Hao could feel some slight changes occur to his body.

His entire body turned weak. Su Hao quickly laid on the ground. As he felt his body undergo changes, he silently counted.

1 second...2 seconds...3 seconds...

5 seconds later, Su Hao felt the electric current disappear from his body. He slowly recovered his strength. After a while, his body was filled with strength once again. However, it was much stronger than before!

“Hu~”

Su Hao took a deep breath and cleaned his body in the dormitory bath. Only now did he finally check the time.

October 5th!

In order to complete body forging technique, he had actually trained for a full five days! The route training had taken him three days, with another two days used to complete the final part.

“The effect will be the strongest the first time around. My physical fitness should have increased quite a bit. As long as I remain persistent, I’ll gradually make my way towards 400 points!”

Su Hao waved his clenched fist in satisfaction.

Body forging technique training was only possible once a day. After that, it would no longer stimulate the body, but harm it instead. Since he had already mastered body forging technique, the training had come to an end. He only need to practice what he had learned once a day.

This time around, Su Hao had spent a total of two hours.

He believed that the amount of required time would gradually lessen as he trained more.

“I’ve already mastered body forging technique. The military fighting technique should be next...”

Su Hao peered within his mind. He was surprised to discover that besides beginner military fighting technique, an additional card had appeared, body forging technique!

It turned out to be body forging technique!

It seemed that Su Hao had already completely mastered body forging technique after completing a set of body forging technique. The card had received the information concerning his training and automatically built a card for him.

“Beginner military fighting technique...”

The past couple of days, he had been wholeheartedly practicing body forging technique. Due to his constant failure, the amount of origin ability energy within his body had drained at a terrifying speed, almost resulting in the inability to train any further. Attempting to read beginner military fighting technique had been no easy feat.

However, now that he had completed his training, he had plenty of excess energy to read the card.

He tried using his remaining energy to read the card for a bit.

Shua!

A large amount of energy within his body vanished. Learning the beginner military fighting technique card was similar to a cattle climbing uphill, progression through slow and steady steps.

Su Hao was not surprised to discover that this was yet another card that would consume his energy at a terrifying rate. Fortunately for him, his rate of energy recovery was extremely quick after mastering origin ability transition technique. He slowly continued his progress as his energy recovered. He estimated that he would be able to master the card completely within a week!

At that time, Su Hao’s strength would jump once again!

Inside his dormitory, Su Hao analyzed his current situation. He determined that it was no longer in his best interests to target those points in origin ability. Discovering his next step forward was of more importance.

As a bookworm with a dream, his current plans to enhance himself through hard work could be considered a righteous path.

He had already mastered body forging technique.

Military fighting technique was currently in progress. If he wanted to master intermediate, he would have to master beginner beforehand.

Drugs?

Su Hao frowned. That would be his last resort. The minimum requirement for using drugs for enhancement was 400 points in physical fitness. By using black market drugs, he would be capable of forcefully enhancing his strength! If he were to take drugs to reach 400 points, the effects from body forging technique would vanish.

Moreover, his master’s new black market drug was still in the development phase. If it was successful, Su Hao would be the first to experience it!

“Do I really have to wait for beginner military fighting technique to slowly progress?”

If he used beginner origin ability energy recovery drugs, it would probably be quicker... However, the effects of such drugs was miniscule to the current Su Hao.

Such drugs were mainly used by those who had begun to train beginner origin ability cultivation technique. Su Hao had already mastered origin ability transition technique, increasing the energy within his body many times over. To restore such large amounts of energy with a drug was rather unreliable.

To be more accurate, the price to benefit ratio was too low.

“Or, I can try to enhance my origin ability transition technique.”

Su Hao had a sudden idea.

The amount of energy that he required was constantly increasing. Su Hao had discovered countless different functions of his model analysis like terrain mapping and life detection. These functions required a terrifying amount of origin ability energy! This didn’t even include the amount of energy used for experiment simulations and card reading.

Not to mention character modeling!

This was long term mission he wished to complete. Currently, Su Hao’s mind was already a small herb garden. He had originally thought of slowly progressing with one or two permanent models every day. However, wouldn’t his mind gradually be filled to the brim with models? After a year’s time, wouldn’t he have six to seven hundred models?

However, ideas would always differ from reality.

Permanent modeling required far too much energy. Su Hao’s origin ability energy was in a perpetual state of consumption. It never managed to top off, causing any thoughts of a permanent model to be nothing but a pipe dream.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0112 You dare to be teased back?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0112 You dare to be teased back?

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

For the longest time, his origin ability energy had been considered waste. However, he had quickly discovered many uses for his ability. Su Hao was guaranteed to have improved on the ability index.

“Who should I find for intermediate origin ability transition technique? Hold on...”

Su Hao came to an abrupt halt. He had thought of a sudden issue. He had never gotten the chance to ask this question. However, with the battle of honor coming to an end, he felt that it was necessary to resolve it.

“Pa!”

Su Hao quickly opened his virtual screen and selected Penguin search engine. He typed out the question he had, but...the results were blank!

He couldn’t find anything?

Impossible!

The question Su Hao had asked was none other than, “What is an esper?”

He had clearly heard that middle aged man repeatedly use this term along with several others, such as basic and professional variant. How come nothing had come up?

The only possibility was...censorship!

His clearance wasn’t high enough. This was why his question hadn’t been answered.

The current iteration of internet had already been linked with the aid of origin abilities. All log-ins would use a single ID. No matter the site, forum, or software, they only accepted the official ID.

Of course, users could choose to remain anonymous. However, by doing so, you would have almost zero authorizations in your search permissions. The only thing you’d be capable of searching was some basic information about yourself.

Su Hao was currently using his own ID. Due to the presence of military merits, his authorization was higher than ordinary citizens. However, he had still ended up with no results. This meant that the term ‘esper’ was nonexistent in ordinary society.

It could also be that ordinary citizens were too weak and didn’t reach the required level. Thus, there was no need for them to be exposed to the information concerning espers.

How much had he learned back then in order to increase his theoretical basis?

Too much!

More than what he was capable of remembering!

Despite this, he had never heard of the term ‘esper’, let alone basic and professional variants. Su Hao had a feeling that this was a crucial piece of information for him.

“No, I have to clarify it!”

Once he had formed this idea, it would continue to pester him. This was natural selection class. Even if he didn’t know anything about it, the teachers surely would. ‘Esper’ was obviously related to origin ability. Therefore, he already knew who he needed to ask... Ability index instructor, Su Wan!

To be honest, Su Hao wasn’t really interested in seeing Su Wan.

Firstly, Su Wan was Chen Yiran’s master. During their first meeting, they had already had an extremely intimate interaction.... Secondly, this teacher was far too beautiful! Su Hao still remembered the burning sensation within his heart while Su Wan attempted to seduce him. He had just barely managed to suppress the raging desires within. However, when facing Su Wan, there would be ample opportunities for temptation.

However, Su Wan was the only person who could answer his question.

Origin ability talent class.

Su Hao reached class several minutes after it ended. Students had finished leaving just moments ago. Not everyone was a walking encyclopedia like Su Hao. They still needed to attend class to learn all the necessary basics.

Su Wan cleared the information on the podium. She was currently wearing the white staff uniform. Compared to the previous time in the ability guiding room, this white collared uniform was much more tame.

“Teacher Su.” Su Hao came forward.

Su Wan raised her head. She was shocked to see Su Hao and covered her mouth, letting loose a laugh “Aiya, isn’t this student Su Hao? Why haven’t you come this entire month? Do you miss teacher?”

“...”

Black lines immediately appeared on Su Hao’s forehead.

Damn!

He was being teased again!

“Alright, alright. I heard about that incident several days ago.” Su Wan kept laughing, “Overall, I’m quite satisfied. You did a good job, little brat. By daring to stand in front of a woman, many would consider you to be a true man. However, you stood up for that bastard Sun Yaotian. You’re so bold...”

“Little brat...”

Su Hao couldn’t help but curse inwardly to himself. Although this seemed like praise, the term little brat made him feel bad. He already eighteen years old! Since when was he little?

“What, you’re not satisfied?” Su Wan’s cheeks moved closer. As she looked at Su Hao, her red lips moved, “Or perhaps you want teacher to see for herself whether you’re a little brat or a real man?”

“...”

A fragrant attack had been launched at him. Su Hao could feel his body heat up. He quickly suppressed it with his origin ability. He took a deep breath and interrupted Su Wan’s teasing, “Teacher Su, I have something I wanted to consult with you about.”

“Heh, someone is shy.”

Su Wan smiled gently, “Alright then. Say it, what do you want to ask?”

Su Hao’s face turned back to normal, “Teacher, what is an esper?”

Shua!

A bright light flashed within Su Wan’s eyes. Her body paused for a moment before looking at Su Hao with interest, “Little brat, where did you hear this from?”

Su Hao began to blurt out some nonsense, “You must know that my theoretical basis is 190 points. Occasionally, I look for information and news related to origin ability.”

Su Wan curled her lip. She didn’t buy his excuse whatsoever. This reason, who the hell would believe it?

However, she didn’t mind, “Only esper? What else you know?”

Su Hao replied, “Basic variant, professional variant, etc...”

“Heh, you know quite a lot.” Su Wan laughed, “You will eventually learn of these things when you enroll in Zhanzheng College. It’s better for you to remain ignorant, lest it influence your training.”

“Why?” Su Hao strangely asked.

“You really want to know?” Su Wan looked at him casually, “Let me warn you, there was someone who asked this question before. He could have entered Zhanzheng College in his first trial. However, due to his lacking score, he was no longer capable of enrolling in Zhanzheng College! After five successive failures, he was eventually eliminated!”

Su Hao’s eyes opened wide.

How could this be...?

How could someone who could have enrolled during the first trial and failed by several points, not have succeeded in the second trial?

Su Wan smirked, “You really think that repeaters who enter Zhanzheng College will be scored the same as you?”

“Aren’t they?”

“Of course not. Every time you participate in the college entrance exam, the minimum score rises. As for how much it rises, it is all up to Zhanzheng College. Anyways... It will increase every year. Therefore, don’t think that once you repeat, you will be able to enroll in Zhanzheng College. The true factors in determining your test results are your talent and effort!” Su Wan indifferently replied.

“Now, do you still want to know?”

Su Hao was silent.

Did he want to know?

Esper!

Basic, professional variant... Were they really that important to him?

What had this person, after learning the truth, ended up failing his college entrance exam? Su Hao was unsure. Su Wan’s meaning was very clear. She could tell him if he truly wanted to know, but...he would need to bear to consequences himself.

Su Hao analyzed his own strength.

Basically, his future route was a fixed one. He would need to upgrade his fighting technique before using drugs to enhance his physical fitness. Afterwards, he would attempt to upgrade his origin ability transition technique...

This was Su Hao’s own plan.

This was all he was capable of training in. As for element refinement, origin ability profound, etc... They were not related to him whatsoever! As the first person to have a mutated model analysis ability, Su Hao would be walking his future route by himself!

To take the correct turn or deviate, he needed to bear all the consequences by himself.

However, Su Hao decided to trust his own feelings and believe in his own strength. Don’t tell me that this esper information is something terrifying?

“I want to know!”

Su Hao seriously replied as he looked at Su Wan.

Su Wan walked to the edge of podium. Standing in front of him, she bent down to his height. She stared into his eyes, “Are you sure?”

“I’m sure!”

Su Hao answered with confidence. As he looked down, he saw a milky white scene. His expression instantly turned into one of embarrassment. Su Wan’s current position was revealing her two extremely well developed mountains to Su Hao.

That round, milky white...

Ceng!

Su Hao had an unpleasant feeling. His legs tightened slightly.

“Puchi~”

Su Wan laughed. She stood up straight and glanced at Su Hao’s bottom, letting loose a sigh, “You’re really not little anymore. Your first awakening of love, still full of vigilant energy. Alright, follow teacher then. We will discuss this further in the training room.”

After saying this, Su Wan walked out from the classroom.

Su Hao bitterly laughed. Once again, he had used his origin ability to calm down the flames within his heart. Following behind her, this teacher really...

Was teasing students fun?

You keep teasing the same one! Even if I am your disciple’s boyfriend, you still can’t... Damn, this is wrong! It should be that because I am your disciple’s boyfriend, you mustn’t tease me even more!

Do you dare to be teased back?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0113 Falling stars
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0113 Falling stars

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

In the training room.

As always, it was completely empty. The wood floors were built out of special materials, accompanied by bright lights and rows of equipment. Su Wan came out after changing into a pair of clean white training clothes.

“Were you anxious while waiting?”

“No.” Su Hao shook his head. He couldn’t understand why teacher Su had wanted to change her clothing.

Su Wan smiled, “The matters concerning espers is not something that you should all know. We’re mainly afraid that it will affect your progress. Additionally, we’re afraid that it would cause a commotion if the public were to learn about it. To be honest, it’s nothing special. For the most part, you are all espers. Everyone who has a base talent, the warriors that cultivate everyday...they are all espers!”

“Warriors?”

Su Hao captured a word.

“Yes, warriors!”

Su Wan nodded, “You’ve already had numerous exchanges with berserk beasts. You should know about the dangers that exist outside of our school. If there were no life and death command, no school behind you, just how far would you be able to go? In the end, this is just Jianghe City. What about...the rest of the world?”

Su Hao was shocked.

“Thus, only after you step into Zhanzheng College could you truly become one of the world’s many elites! You will officially gain the title of a true warrior, one that defends the entire world! Only at that time would you be qualified to refer to yourselves as an esper.” Su Wan continued in soft tone, “As for basic variant...it is essentially the stage where you attempt to master the four basic courses. Before integration of the origin ability characteristics, everything is considered a basic variant.”

“After you’re able to integrate origin ability characteristics, you will enter a new stage. Your future development route will also be illuminated. We call this stage specialization variant! Specialization variant guides you closer to the essence of specialization. After completing this stage, you will finally enter the ranks of professional variants!”

“Origin ability characteristics, professional variant...”

Su Hao silently imprinted these terms into his brain.

“You are not required to know this for now. When your strength has reached that threshold, you will naturally know it. Back then, that student actually tried to integrate origin ability characteristics in high school due to overconfidence. He planned on achieving professional variant, but ended up failing due to too much wasted time.” Su Wan said in pity.

So that was it!

Su Hao understood. If Origin Ability Association had decided to hide this, they naturally had their own reasons for doing so. To rush forward without a plan was certainly an act of suicide.

“Learning from our past mistakes, I won’t teach you how to integrate origin ability or what origin ability characteristics are. When you reach that level of strength, you will know by then. ” Su Wan looked at him, “For you, what is currently most important is... Do you still remember what I told you that day?”

“That day?”

Su Hao frowned. He had only met with teacher Su Wan twice. The previous time... An image flashed within Su Hao’s mind. Last time, Su Wan had told him that his chosen route was incorrect!

“My chosen route is wrong?” Su Hao guessed.

“It seems that you still remember.” Su Wan smile sweetly, “Yes! The way you approach things is wrong! You still haven’t discovered the problem yet?”

“Problem?”

Su Hao shook his head and answered with confidence, “No problems!”

“Really?” Su Wan walked closer and patted Su Hao’s shoulder with her wrist, “Are you sure? There are really no problems? Perhaps you’ve stowed them away in your heart? Think carefully... Those that you don’t dare to think about or consider. Your future... Exactly where does it lie?”

“Ka!”

Su Hao’s hands suddenly clenched, exposing the blue veins beneath his skin.

How could there be no problems?

It was just that he didn’t dare to think about them!

Future!

His future, just where did it lie?

It was currently in the basic stages. All students were in a period of self reflection. Fighting techniques would have the absolute advantage at this point. But...Su Hao recalled the student from Zhangzheng College that he had met before.

The meteorite that fell from the sky!

That huge, blazing monolith!

Such strength... Was it something that a human could face? In front of such domineering strength, any fighting technique would be useless. Forget about 400 points, even if you had 1000 points, what could you possibly do with it?

Whenever he thought about this, his mind would be in a mess.

Thus, he dared not think about it. He could only concentrate on his training. After all, there were some matters that couldn’t be resolved no matter how much one thought about them. He hoped that as long as he honestly trained and enrolled in Zhanzheng College, he would be able to find a solution! This was Su Hao’s plan all along.

After being silent for a moment, Su Hao replied once again, “No problems!”

“Little brat, you don’t have to be on alert in front of teacher.” Su Wan laughed, “Every student is in a stage of exploration. Whether it is grade A, B, or C, the gap isn’t that large. However, with time, the gap will continue to increase! At that time, the advantages you’ve gained through physical fitness and fighting techniques will disappear. The gap between you and others will keep increasing!”

“If you still don’t understand, I can give you a demonstration. It is similar to a protractor. If grade E is 10 degrees, then grade B would be 50 degrees. As for grade A, it might even reach 60 degrees! The X-axis represent time and Y-axis measures future success!”

Su Hao casually activated a virtual screen.

On the screen, a horizontal X-axis and vertical Y-axis appeared. This was a geometry diagram. Starting from the original position, a straight line was formed from various angles. From grades F to A, the degree continued to climb higher!

In fact, Su Hao even saw a line overlapped with the X-axis. That was 0 degrees, representing a lack of talent in origin ability. No matter how hard you worked or struggled, you would still end up with zero achievements.

With the passage of time, the results of origin ability talent became even more apparent.

Su Hao bitterly smiled.

Did she really need to emphasize this?

Even without Su Wan mentioning it, he was already very aware of the limitations of his own talent. It was just that he wasn’t willing to cause himself unnecessary worry. If it was like this...then what was the point of everything he had worked for? No matter how he trained, he would end up as cannon fodder that died from a single blow in the future. Even that trash Sun Yaotian would become a powerful esper after fully integrating with his origin ability.

That was why the Sun family had placed all their hopes on him!

Origin ability talent was very important!

With a deep breath, Su Hao made up his mind to remain resolute on his path. His eyes shined radiantly as he answered, “No matter how strong they are, I will surpass them. So what if they have elemental control or other special abilities? After my strength reaches certain levels, as long as my speed and strength are good enough, I am confident in competing with them!”

“You really think so?”

Su Wan gently smiled. With a flick of her wrist, the entire scene of the training room changed. The empty room disappeared and was replaced with a desert, adorned by a starry sky.

3D virtual environment.

“What is this?”

Su Hao felt strange. There was a trace of cold in his feet. The temperature of the sand was incredibly low. The simulation was accurate to the smallest detail. However, he didn’t understand why Su Wan had created a desert.

Both of them were standing at the top of a hill. Under the moonlight, they could see the never ending desert. They could even see some berserk beasts roaming around off into the distance

“This is...”

“This was several years ago. It is a real scene which took place in this desert.” Su Wan said to him softly, “At that time, berserk beasts were rampaging. The mutation here was pretty bad. Desert insects, berserk sand ants, as well as several strong variants ended up killing every esper who came here to adventure. This piece of desert became a land of death.”

“Land of death...” Su Hao looked off into the distance, “What happened next?”

“Next?”

Su Wan gently smiled and looked at the sky above.

“Xiu!”

“Xiu!”

Suddenly, a multitude of meteor showers travelled across the sky in a perfect arc. As they passed by, they left a long trail of beautiful white light. Even for someone like Su Hao who was incapable of appreciating nature’s beauty was stunned at this moment.

“So beautiful! This...is a meteor shower?”

“Nope.” Su Wan continued, “This was a skill demonstrated by a predecessor. He called it falling stars!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0114 Come, have a kiss
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0114 Come, have a kiss

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“Xiu!”

As if it was responding to Su Wan’s words, the meteor shower which was off into the distance began its descent. Surprisingly, its landing spot appeared to be the desert in front of Su Hao.

“Hong!”

A beautiful meteor rapidly shot downward. As it traveled downward, it became a huge meteorite. The burning red meteorite split the atmosphere, smashing into the ground with a loud bang.

The meteor had landed.

A terrifying sandstorm rose into the sky, forming a dense cloud of sand. It quickly ballooned outwards from its center, affecting the both of them. Su Wan turned the virtualization into perspective mode, allowing the sand to pass through them.

At the center of the meteorite landing, it was a sea of flames. Those powerful berserk beasts had vanished into nothingness from the impact of the meteorite. The countless berserk beasts were outside of the meteorite’s blast radius had already begun to flee. However...this was only the first meteorite!“Hong!”

“Hong!”

Meteorites continued to land one by one. With so many of them, they managed to sweep through the entire desert.

The earth was currently shattering. Su Hao could feel the ground tremble beneath his feet. A hundred meter long sand insect exited the ground and issued a terrifying cry. However, it died instantly at the hand’s of a meteorite. A catastrophic event of this scale was no longer something humans could resist. It was as if the entire world was facing a calamity, causing Su Hao to be extremely shocked. A meteorite landed at their exact location, allowing him to witness the devastating damage that it brought.

This piece of desert had become eerily quiet.

Upon looking out at the desert once again, Su Hao was unable to spot any living creatures. All the berserk beasts had died a miserable death. The vast desert had become mottled with large pits. The desert sand had become soft.

Shua!

Su Wan changed back into virtual environment model mode, allowing the both of them to immerse themselves in the current scene.

A hot breeze struck them in their faces. Su Hao’s feet sank into the sand, becoming entirely submerged. He remained shell-shocked. The desert had faced a single barrage. Although the desert was tiny, the apocalyptic scene he had just witnessed was engraved into his mind.

And this...turned out to be manmade!

Exactly how strong was the esper that was capable of creating such a shocking scene? This completely surpassed the realm of his imagination. Esper! Was this what it meant to be truly strong? He was extremely confused.

If such an attack was to target a city, what would happen?

Su Hao dared not let his imagination run rampant any further.

Shua!

Su Wan gently flicked her hand. The surrounding scene disappeared and they returned to the training room.

Su Wan smiled widely and asked once again, “Now, are you still sure?”

“...”

Su Hao was silent.

Facing such an attack, any weapons or physical fitness you possessed would be useless, resulting in a miserable defeat. Only with something akin to a nuclear bomb would you be able to compete.

Su Wan let loose a triumphant smile, “This is why I kept emphasizing that you have been traveling an incorrect route. There is nothing wrong with training your physical fitness of fighting techniques. There is no issue in training these, but deep in your heart, you must be aware that...this is the era of origin ability!”

“This isn’t an ancient Wu era or a martial arts era, but...the origin ability era!”

“No matter what physical fitness or fighting techniques you possess, they all exist to facilitate your origin ability. You can place an emphasis on physical combat, but you must remember to never neglect your origin ability! After maxing your physical fitness and fighting technique, only be traveling down the path of origin ability would you be able to become a powerful existence.”

Su Wan’s tone was flat, but every sentence was extremely thought provoking.

Origin ability era.

Origin ability talent.

Every word and sentence, along with the scenes he had just witnessed, were deeply imprinted into Su Hao’s heart. A seed of doubt sprouted within his heart.

Su Hao asked, “Can a grade E talent still be enhanced? Does a Grade E talent have any path for becoming a powerful existence?”

“If you don’t try, how will you know whether it is possible?” Su Wan tucked her hair behind her ear, “In the past, Sun Yaohui improved his toxin analysis ability all the way to grade B, becoming a highly valued talent by the Pharmacy Association. Why can’t you do the same?”

“Did you know? In theory, every talent has the possibility of becoming a strong existence! Your ability is model analysis. Is it really only useful for constructing buildings? Perhaps that’s what you thought or how the Origin Ability Association rated it, but...have you ever tried to utilize its full potential?”

These questions were a form of enlightenment for Su Hao.

Is model analysis only for creating building models?

Of course not!

Su Hao had fought countless battles. He had plenty of experience to prove otherwise. He possessed character modeling, card reading, terrain modeling, and various other abilities. Was his model analysis, which possessed so many features, really an E grade talent?

Couldn’t all of his current achievements be attributed to his model analysis post mutation?

If so, what was there for him to avoid?

His horizons had been broadened, as if he had undergone a period of meditation.

Although his model analysis had been aiding him this entire time, he had still considered it to be an E grade talent, pitifully low. He had always felt that as long as his physical fitness was high and he had a formidable fighting technique, he’d be capable of becoming someone powerful. No wonder Su Wan had constantly reminded him that he’d been walking down the wrong path.

This was the era of origin ability!

Of the countless origin abilities in the world, the ability which had allowed Su Hao to join the natural selection class and compete with other talented students was non other than his own, model analysis!

That was his most valuable asset!

Su Hao’s eyes became brighter as his thoughts traveled down this line of reasoning.

He had always been confused concerning his future. However, the thorn in his heart had finally begun to dissipate, with excitement taking its place. Just how strong was this mutated model analysis? He had no idea, but he knew that as long as he kept improving, his ability would grow with him!

He had hesitated before about whether he wanted to walk the route of physical fitness or fighting techniques. These two routes were both extremely difficult. As for origin ability? He had never dared to entertain such thoughts! However, Su Hao’s only path forward was now that of origin ability.

Upgrading his origin ability!

Discovering his talent’s potential!

Becoming a strong esper!

Light flashed within Su Hao’s eyes. He clenched his fists, his heart having made its decision already. “Thank you teacher!”

“You recovered quickly.”

Su Wan had a slight smile on her face, “As a qualified teacher, I naturally won’t allow any students to take the wrong path. Plus, you’re Yiran’s man.”

Su Hao smiled in embarrassment.

“Wow, so shy and cute. Come, have a kiss!”

“Xia!”

Su Hao was so frightened that he took a step back. Only then did he notice that Su Wan wasn’t approaching him at all. His face took on a terrible expression as he looked at the faint smile on her face.

Damn it!

He was being teased again!

“Alright then, little brat!”

Su Wan clapped her white hands together, “Your problem has already been resolved. Next, are you going to learn origin ability transition technique or origin ability control technique? Origin ability consumption technique is also not a bad choice. It will be very beneficial towards your cultivation.”

“Uh...”

Su Hao scratched his head, “I want to finish learning military fighting technique first.”

“...”

“You’re still thinking of the advantages of fighting?” Su Wan became depressed. Had she spent an entire day advising in vain? Why was Su Hao’s brain so focused on fighting techniques?

“No.”

Su Hao shook his head, “I already understand that my main focus should be my origin ability. However, I am just a high school student. As somehow who hasn’t entered Zhanzheng College yet, my main aim is to do so!”

“Correct!”

Su Wan nodded her head in agreement, “That is why you should learn origin ability first. Isn’t the improvement in origin ability much faster than fighting techniques and physical fitness? Especially for you, who has nearly reached the limit.”

“Uh...”

Su Hao scratched his head, “I master fighting techniques much faster than origin ability.”

“How could this be! Military fighting technique is on the university syllabus... Wait, hold on.”

Su Wan suddenly thought of something. She selected Su Hao’s information and looked at his student record. After quickly reading through everything, she was left in shock.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0115 Model world
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0115 Model world

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

A month ago, Su Hao’s fighting technique had still been at 0 points. From the moment he had started learning fighting techniques, he had improved by leaps and bounds. In just a single month, he had mastered basic fighting technique and police fighting technique. His physical fitness had also improved, causing his origin ability points to rocket upward.

Strangely enough, it was his origin ability that hadn’t made much progress.

“Looking at your record, that really is the case.”

Su Wan curiously circled around Su Hao twice, “Your origin ability is ordinary, yet your fighting technique and physical fitness have improved that fast. Strange... Perhaps the so-called martial arts geniuses really do exist?”

Su Hao was speechless.

Stop with your shitty martial arts genius crap. I can’t possibly tell you that my model analysis can read someone’s ability.

“Never mind, I won’t bother you about these matters.”

Su Wan smiled and shook her head, “Since you’re already clear, you must have your own plan. I just don’t want to see a future where you’re unable to keep up with Yiran after graduating from college, forcing you two to elope...”

Su Hao was speechless.

She was so thoughtful, truly worthy of being called a teacher!

He was still a high school student. Wasn’t too early to think about all of this?

However, since it was related to Chen Yiran, he still nodded seriously, “That won’t happen!”

“Well, since you’re already clear, leave.” Su Wan’s red lips moved as she erotically looked at him and stretched. The pair of mountains revealed themselves from her training clothes once again. The milky white existences flashed through his line of sight. Su Hao managed to catch a glimpse, causing him to flee in embarrassment.

Damn bastard!

Was it that fun to always tease me?

Interesting?!

It was worth knowing that Su Hao was still an innocent boy. If it was some other student, like Sun Yaotian, perhaps they would have already succumbed to temptation. Of course, the end result would end up being beaten into a pulp by Su Wan. In truth, Su Wan who possessed a perfect body and was a goddess in the eyes of many students, had a soft spot for Su Hao alone.

After lunch, Su Hao went to the school library to obtain some information about origin ability.

Although Su Hao had already seen much of the information the school possessed, he had never touched upon the information within the natural selection class. Su Hao picked up nearly everything relating to models. This was his first time since mutation that he had begun to seriously approach his ability.

What is a model?

A model is a system for studying an expression of appearance concerning a process, object, or concept. It is a specimen of an enlarged or shrunken blueprint. It can also be a mold used in machine parts for exhibitions or experiments.

This was the information Su Hao read in encyclopedia. In general, it is a sample or mold.

However, if he was to read carefully, he would notice other things.

A model was not limited to what was described earlier on, instead covering a wide range of fields. Su Hao skimmed through the contents of his research. There were physical models, mathematical models, structural models, simulation models, building models, clay models, and more. It was of such a huge scope that it would leave one with goosebumps. All of these fields laid within the scope of models.

In addition, there were also information models, resource models, data models, and many other virtual models.

However, Su Hao was shocked upon seeing a video in the database that turned out to be a virtual environment model!

It was only three meters long and three meters wide.

But within that nine square meter site, there was an entire ecosystem.

On the site, there was a dense forest with a clear river. It even had wandering animals. There would be occasionally be some tiny birds flying through the sky. This was a completely simulated ecosystem. It was a model which scientists had created for the purpose of experimentation.

Su Hao watched the environment work on its own, as if it was a real life forest. Su Hao remained in silence for quite some time. This thing...was also a model?

Model, it was just a simple word.

Yet, it was inclusive of all things under heaven.

Su Hao thought back to an idea he had when he had his first breakthrough, “Whoever is capable of establishing a model of the world would be able to control it in its entirety!”

However, when faced with several hard-hitting truths, he had gradually dismissed this absurd notion of his.

As he looked at the fully simulated ecosystem though, Su Hao...was tempted!

Were models something that was fixed?

“No, absolutely not!”

He could now use his model analysis for experimenting. In a sense, it was entirely possible to link the properties of each model together.

Otherwise, how could he carry out the experiment?

Since experiments could be carried out, that meant that models could interact with each other. For outsiders, a model was indeed a model. But the model itself was as real as the reality it depicted. For example, you would believe the hero in a movie to be fictional. However, from the perspective of the heroine, the hero is a real person.

It was that simple.

Thus, the interaction between models was a realistic representation.

Various thoughts were currently running through Su Hao’s mind. Despite performing countless experiments, he had never really studied his part. Because models were real relative to each other, they were able to chemically react and complete a mixture of herbs, like in the case of the origin ability bomb!

“Is it really so?”

He poured a glass of water.

Model analysis, start!

Object modeling!

Shua!

In Su Hao’s mind, a glass of water appeared. Since he was only modeling the water, there was just a pool of water floating in mid air. There was no cup, but the water maintained its shape as if one existed.

Because this model existed only within his mind, gravity had no influence over the model’s concepts. The water would naturally stay together.

“Permanent model, convert!”

Sou!

A large amount of energy within his body was consumed. The cup of water gradually changed from a temporary to a permanent model.

Within Su Hao’s mind, there was also a pencil, notebook, and a small medicine garden plot floating around. These were the permanent models that he had previously established.

“Qu!”

Su Hao directed the water towards the medicine garden poured it from above. It was absorbed by the soil in the land.

“Absorbed!”

Su Hao was excited, “It really is possible!”

This wasn’t any different from an experimental model. After all, they were permanent models. Su Hao thought that they would just maintain their state in his mind. He never imagined that they could react with each other.

Su Hao found out that this world was entirely under his control!

His mind?

No, when more models entered his mind, a new area would be opened.

Su Hao was sure that his future models would appear in this area. He named this area, ‘model world’!

“Model world, this is my world!”

Su Hao clenched his fist. His eyes had a look of fervor within.

Nobody would have believed that in the tiny Jianghe City, within the campus of the natural selection class, a prototype of a world model was being built in the mind of a high school student. Although it only had a medicine garden and several objects, nobody knew what the uses of the world model consisted of. Even Su Hao dared not to think of where this model would lead him!

“This world model will slowly be filled with permanent models. What about others?”

Su Hao pondered. This trip to the school library had brought about unimaginable benefits, allowing him to understand the wide scope of his model. Then, what about the information on how the Origin Ability Association conducted assessments?

Su Hao had seen this once before.

At that time, he had only just begun to comprehend his ability talent. After he checked the information from the Origin Ability Association, the reality of his situation had dumped a pitcher of cold water over his head. That had disheartened him greatly, causing him to immerse himself in improving his theoretical basis. He never thought that he would seek this information once again.

His virtual screen activated as he selected the data from the Origin Ability Association.

Regarding the basic information about the association’s assessment, they were all partially available to the public. Thus, that was why Su Hao was able to easily view the relevant information.

Shua!

The virtual screen flashed. Information about model analysis appeared on the screen.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0116 Master of construction
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0116 Master of construction

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

________________

Ability talent: Model analysis

Grade: E

Usage: Analyzing things, building models

Description: This is a very useful skill in daily life. Clay making, floor construction et cetera. This origin ability has many uses. You will enjoy a better quality life!

__________________

“It really is as stated.”

Su Hao bitterly smiled. Back then, he had seen this information and received a psychological blow to his immature mind.

But now, his mentality was no longer the same as before. Su Hao ignored this information and continued reading. He wanted to know what the original model analysis was capable of.

Origin ability talent could be refined and improved over time.

With training, an origin ability was capable of becoming stronger. That was the reason why the task store at the school had all sorts of origin ability refining essence.

After many years of exploration with billions of people possessing different variations of abilities, there were plenty of inaccurate experiences which were recorded. As for model analysis, because it was grade E and deemed a useful life skill, the number of people who had mastered it must’ve have been quite large.

“Pa!”

Su Hao opened the following information regarding talent. A book titled, “The five states of model structure”, popped out.

A predecessor that had mastered model analysis long ago had prepared this. It was said that he had become the foremost expert in the field of construction. Many monuments and cities had been built by this master. He had been named the legendary king of construction, a true master!

“Owh, a construction master?” Su Hao’s interest was piqued.

The five stages of model structure.

First stage, outline modeling.

You could easily use your origin ability to outline the general shape of the model. For example, Su Hao’s previous test...had been a cup. As Su Hao’s hands flashed with origin ability energy, an outline of a cup would appear within his mind. If Su Hao recalled correctly, he was at this stage before his ability had mutated.

Second stage, simulation modeling.

What you would be building was not just an outline, but a real simulated model. With origin ability energy, a rigid model could be constructed identical to a real life object. Of course, since it was made of origin ability energy, there would be zero differences in color. The model would be a consistent shape and size.

Third stage, true modeling!

Realistic!

What you constructed would be a perfectly real model. You could simulate the entire object and the model would no longer be made of origin ability energy. It would be so realistic that there would basically be zero differences between the model and the real object.

This was an important milestone of model analysis. Achieving this step meant that your model analysis had been perfected! Like a scanner, you could map out a scene in your mind and record it as a reference for architecture. This step would also be accompanied by guarantees of a high salary.

Fourth stage, free modeling.

Improvisation!

You were no longer limited to imitation!

After building a structure model, you could easily change its layout and use floor tiles, bricks, and materials that didn’t exist in the world. As long as you could imagine it...it would be done! This was a magical realm. Could you imagine turning a small hut into a majestic palace out of thin air?

Free modeling allowed you to do so!

It was said that that master of architecture had reached this stage. Thus, he had been invited to build a wide variety of projects by major powers.

This master could build anything they wanted, constantly improvising until his customers were satisfied. This was much more efficient and effective than the cold machines.

Fifth stage, virtual reality.

This stage, to be more accurate, was the idea of that master. To say it was a fantasy was not an exaggeration. This stage was best described as the use of origin ability energy to simulate a model in reality. It would no longer appear as an object within your mind, but as a real object in the world!

Appearing in reality!

“Hong!”

Su Hao swallowed a bit of his saliva after reading this. His mind was currently unstable. He only had one thought on his mind. Crazy! This master is crazy!

However, the idea began to imprint itself in his mind. Su Hao couldn’t help but ask himself, “Model, can it really be taken out from the world of models?”

After pondering for quite some time, Su Hao bitterly smiled.

Model analysis certainly couldn’t do so.

Even the master who had mastered this ability had mentioned that it was just a fantasy.

If it could really turn a virtual model into reality, it would no longer be an E grade ability, but an A grade!

But that only applied to ordinary model analysis!

Su Hao pondered for a moment. According to the description left behind by this master, his ability post-mutation should be around the third stage, real modeling. He hadn’t managed to reach the stage of free modeling yet.

In other words, the new abilities which he had discovered were ones belonging to model analysis itself.

For example, object modeling!

Terrain modeling!

And then...no more...

Su Hao had scrolled countless times and discovered something strange. No matter if it was a berserk beast, human, or ordinary objects, they were all considered as object modeling. In other words, a pencil and human were no different from each other, just a static model.

However, Su Hao knew that this didn’t apply to his ability.

He analyzed his mutated model analysis. It could clearly differentiate between living things and other objects, especially human and berserk beasts. It even went a step further, analyzing their abilities and building cards. Additionally, his models would experience reactions with each other.

It seemed that the mutation had brought a new ability to Su Hao, that of spirituality.

Character modeling!

Card modeling!

Experimental modeling!

Life detection!

Character modeling could detect a person’s ability. Card modeling could read and copy a person’s skills. Experimental modeling could simulate an experiment and perform virtual ones. Life detection could be achieved by observing the difference between the energy consumption rates of living and nonliving objects.

Of the six features which Su Hao had mastered, only two were originally from model analysis itself. As for the remaining four, they had only become available after his ability mutated.

This was the first time that Su Hao had examined his ability so closely.

It was also the first time that he discovered just how extraordinary his ability was. He had unknowingly discovered four extra features by himself.

Like Su Wan had mentioned, this was the era of origin ability!

Only by training your origin ability could you become someone strong in this world.

Sun Yaohui had been able to enroll in Zhanzheng College with his toxic analysis. Why couldn’t he do the same? Su Hao wanted not only to enter Zhangzhen College, but to become more powerful.

“After solidifying my foundation, I will immediately begin analyzing my ability.”

Su Hao’s mind had already been made up.

Although he couldn’t wait to start studying his origin ability and bring out its full potential, gaining admission to Zhanzheng was his first priority!

Those who were unable to enter the natural selection class were naturally unaware of just how abundant the resources were here. Thus, Su Hao had to get into Zhangzheng College no matter what and experience it for himself!

There were also various matters that waited his confirmation there.

Thus, the main priority for now was still military fighting technique! The second priority would be his physical fitness. He had already mastered body forging technique. After he reached the limit of physical fitness, he would use the side effects from black market strengthening drug to propel his strength forward. Only after completing all these tasks would it be time for him to focus on his origin ability!

He couldn’t fathom how long it would take to research his origin ability and analyze its potential.

It could take anywhere from a few days to several months, leaving him unprepared by the time the college entrance examination rolled around. It was a normal matter, which meant that it had to be placed last on his todo list.

As he observed the primary military fighting technique within his mind, he noticed that its progress was as slow as ever.

“It will require about a week to complete this card. After completing the card, I will still have to train it. I will probably have to spend quite a while on it too. I won’t overthink it for now. As for task...”

As he looked downward in deep thought, a blue light flashed in front of him. Su Hao was shocked for a moment.

“Who!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0117 Sprouting of amorous feeling
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0117 Sprouting of amorous feeling

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

A faint blue light flashed. Appearing as if it was wrapped by a blue crystal, a beautiful butterfly landed on Su Hao’s shoulder. It was none other than the blue dream butterfly.

“You’re back?” Su Hao looked at her in surprise.

The little butterfly had naturally been unable to accompany him in the battle of honor. That was why he had let her go off on her own to have some fun. He hadn’t expected that she would have so much fun that she’d forget to return. However, Su Hao wasn’t too worried about her safety. After living in the wild for so many years, her awareness towards danger was much higher than Su Hao’s.

“En en.”

The little brat nodded and reported her adventures from the past couple of days. Su Hao could only bitterly smile after he finished listening... The berserk beast domain outside of campus had become her little garden.

In just a couple of days, this little girl had managed to sweep over the entirety of the surrounding area. She was much more knowledgeable than Su Hao about which spots contained which beasts.

“Next time, be extra careful.” Su Hao patted her little wings, “The repeaters have returned and some of them might even have special abilities. Don’t roam around as much anymore.”

“En, en.”

The blue dream butterfly nodded. She hesitated for a moment before writing, “These past two days, I’ve been thinking of something. Can you help me investigate it?”

“Oh?”

Su Hao’s eyes turned bright, “Have you remembered where your home is?”

“No.”

The blue dream butterfly shook her head and continued writing, “But I somehow remember what I looked like.”

“Your appearance?”

Su Hao pondered, “That still works. If I remember correctly, you can transform right? Simulate your original appearance and I will help you investigate it.”

“En.”

The blue dream butterfly nodded. She flew in front of Su Hao and her body which was covered in blue crystals began to flash. With circles of blue halos floating around her, a human figure gradually appeared in front of Su Hao.

Su Hao was stunned by what he saw.

It was a young lady with otherworldly beauty. Her long, straight hair was draped over her shoulders. Her clear and bright pupils were accompanied by perfectly curved eyebrows and long eyelashes, which were currently trembling. Her tender white skin revealed her beautiful clavicle which directed the eyes downward...

“Si~”

Su Hao was completely stunned. He tried his best to think of Chen Yiran, but he was unable to suppress the fire within his heart. This...this is Zhang Yating?

“Well? Am I good looking...?”

The blue dream butterfly asked in a soft tone.

The soft voice echoed within Su Hao’s ears. As he looked at her red lips move, Su Hao sucked in a mouthful of cold air. His little brother in his crotch was about to stand up!

An eighteen year old youth, you couldn’t afford to tempt him!

This was Zhang Yating’s appearance. However, because it was an illusion illuminated by some strange light, it appeared as if it was out of a dream. Su Hao remained speechless for a long time and didn’t reply.

“Huh?”

The blue dream butterfly was a bit lost, “Perhaps I’m not good looking...”

She could only remember a tiny portion of her memories as a human. The rest remained lost as a side effect of the experiment. She was at a loss when faced with Su Hao’s utter silence.

“Nope.”

Su Hao violently shook his head. As he fought back the fire within his heart, he pointed a trembling finger at her and said, “Can you put on some clothes...?”

“Ah?”

The blue dream butterfly looked down. She observed her current state and the way Su Hao was looking at her, finally understanding why he had been dazed this entire time.

“Arr...”

With a piercing scream, the figure in the air disappeared. The room returned to its previous state. The blue dream butterfly flew behind a curtain with her head bowed from embarrassment. Her heart began to rapidly palpitate. After being a butterfly for so long, she had forgotten about clothing. She had managed to recover part of her memories and had quickly sought out Su Hao for help. The end result...

“Aiyaya, this is so embarrassing!”

“Sigh~”

Su Hao let out an embarrassed cough. If it was just ordinary butterfly, then it wouldn’t have been a problem. However, this was obviously a human soul. Naturally, he would be embarrassed by his reaction just now. It wasn’t anything weird though. If he had been able to control himself with such a beautiful girl naked in front of him, that would’ve been strange...

After some time, Su Hao finally calmed down.

As he looked at the blue dream butterfly who was clinging to the curtain, he could only bitterly smile, “I didn’t record anything just now. Next time, I will be prepared and take a few photos to compare with the database at the police station...”

Peng!

A blue shadow flashed. Su Hao flew backwards and slammed into the door.

The blue dream butterfly flew in front of Su Hao in anger. A string of blue crystals formed a sentence in mid air, “Pervert! You...you actually want to take photos...”

Su Hao smiled, “Sister, if I don’t have any photos, how will I investigate? Just let me take a portrait. That’ll be enough.”

“Ai?”

Only then did the blue dream butterfly understand. Su Hao had only wanted to take a portrait. She thought...

“Haiz, sigh~” The blue dream butterfly looked down. This was too embarrassing!

Luckily, she was now in the form of butterfly. Nobody could tell if she was shy or not. However, with Su Hao’s strong analytical ability, he interpreted Zhang Yating’s movement as a beautiful girl stamping her feet with a blushed face and saying, “I hate you~!”

What the hell!

How could this be!

Su Hao wiped the sweat off his forehead. For a virgin like him, the impact from seeing the naked body of a beautiful girl was too much for him to bear.

He had only kissed Chen Yiran once before.

But just now, the beautiful face of Zhang Yating, the proudly exposed pair of mountain peaks, that mysterious...

“Bad guy... You...you...you’re not allowed to think!”

As she looked at Su Hao’s expression, the blue dream butterfly could hazard a guess as to what he was thinking about. She had spoken in anger, not even bothering to write. A young girl’s voice within his mind had interrupted Su Hao in the midst of his fantasy.

“Heng!”

The blue dream butterfly was mad.

Shua!

Su Hao’s fantasy was completely shattered. A horrifying zombie climbed out from the floor and headed towards him. Its entire body stank of the dead and a large hole could be seen on its stomach. All sorts of weird fluids flew outward from it. Su Hao retreated several steps in shock.

His mind quivered, emptying itself of any remaining lust. With a flash within his eyes, the zombie was turned into nothingness. H

This was the ability of the blue dream butterfly.

Su Hao bitterly smiled as he looked at the livid blue dream butterfly in front of him. Sister, please don’t play like this again... First tempting with your naked appearance, then scaring me off with zombies. Two more times, even if I’m not impotent, I will probably ejaculate prematurely!

“Alright, I’m wrong. I apologize.”

Su Hao surrendered, “I shouldn’t...”

“Aiya, don’t say it anymore!”

The blue dream butterfly quickly interrupted him. She created a two inch headshot for Su Hao to capture with his communication device. Only then did she land in Su Hao’s shoulder, “I have said quite a lot just now. My energy is depleting. I am going to recover so don’t disturb me.”

Shua!

The blue dream butterfly’s figure instantly disappeared and blended into Su Hao’s clothes.

Su Hao smirked. This little girl must had been embarrassed. Luckily, she was just a butterfly. If she was in a human form just now, perhaps he accidentally shoot while polishing his gun.

Sigh, please be easy to me. Today, I have been teased by both Su Wan and this little girl...But to be honest, although this little girl’s body is tempting, Su Wan...

A beautiful figure appeared within Su Hao’s mind, with a milk white chest... Zhang Yating appeared next. Naturally, it was her naked body. The scene changed once again and Chen Yiran emerged with her smile.

“Hua~”

A pot of cold water had been poured onto his lascivious thoughts. A cold chill spread throughout his whole body. The mess in Su Hao’s mind vanished.

“Our revolution isn’t successful yet. This comrade must work hard!”

Su Hao put down the basin. His whole body felt incredibly comfortable.

Although the process wasn’t smooth, the end result had been pretty good. He had obtained photos of the blue dream butterfly. He would find a way to check her record in police station. At the very least, he needed to check whether she was someone from Jianghe City. He wouldn’t think about the rest of that mess. Enhancing his strength was his current focus!

He opened his virtual screen and took a glance at the school task list. There wasn’t anything suitable for him.

Su Hao carefully thought about this. He decided to return for a trip. “It has already been ten days. I wonder how Master’s study is progressing.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0118 All kinds of taking advantage
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0118 All kinds of taking advantage

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

For Su Hao, his master’s research was of the utmost importance to him. It was closely tied to the enhancement of his physical fitness.

It was worth noting that the beginner strengthening drug had almost killed him. Thus, he was unsure if he had the courage to try the intermediate strengthening drug. If he was the slightest bit careless, he would meet his death. Thus, if his master was able to develop a new drug, it would definitely be a welcome surprise.

Even if his master hadn’t exited seclusion yet, he could still use the herbs there to make some beginner origin ability recovery drug. Although the effect was minimal, it was better than nothing.

Su Hao returned to Jianghe City during noon.

His sister was still in school. His mother was working. Su Hao immediately headed towards the pharmacy. Unexpectedly, Su Hao was shocked to discover upon his arrival that the door was open.

“Master has finished?”

Su Hao’s eyes turned bright as he entered the store.

He hadn’t expected Zhang Zhongtian to be sitting in a daze by himself within the store. Su Hao remained unnoticed.

“Master, I’m here.” Su Hao greeted his master, but didn’t receive a response.

“Master?”

Feeling puzzled, Su Hao stretched out his right hand and waved it in front of Zhang Zhongtian’s nose, “Don’t tell me he’s dead?”

“Pa!”

Su Hao’s hand was smacked to the side. Zhang Zhongtian stared at him, “Smelly brat, when did you arrive?”

“Hehe, I just got here.”

Su Hao smiled, “Master, why have you come out from the laboratory? Don’t tell me that you’re finished?”

“Haix.”

When the experiment was mentioned, Zhan Zhongtian showed visible worry on his face. It was clear that his experiment wasn’t progressing smoothly.

“I managed to add thirteen herbs together with only some minor issues. However, I can’t estimate the specifics of the end result. My only option is to test the results on consumers, but that’s rather difficult to accomplish...”

Thirteen herbs...

Su Hao felt ashamed. He had used a few herbs and nearly fainted. Body restoration druh was still out of his reach. He had originally planned on using his model analysis to help Zhang Zhongtian, but he shut down that idea rather quickly! Zhang Zhongtian obviously knew about this, which was why he had pondered by himself.

“Besides this, I still have a series of uncertainties. In short, I need an experimental object desperately!” Zhang Zhongtian was extremely depressed, “If there are any living experimental objects, I could increase the success rate by 30 percent! It will help greatly in advancing the progress of the experiment.”

It wasn’t known what he was thinking about as he spoke up to this point. He looked at Su Hao and said, “My disciple, you’re the only one who has succeeded and the source of inspiration for my current experiment.”

Damn!

Zhang Zhongtian couldn’t seriously be thinking of using him as a living experimental model, could he? As Su Hao thought about his previously painful experience in addition to those white mice that had been abused, his face turned green.

This is no joke. A single mistake and my life will be gone...

“Don’t do this to me master. I am such a talented disciple. Where else can you find someone like me? If there are any mishaps, who will be the one to inspire you in the future? This disciple doesn’t just have a single inspiration. Perhaps in the future, I’ll inspire you once again..” Su Hao quickly blathered out a list of excuses. He tried his best to persuade Zhang Zhongtian in giving up on this idea by suggesting a new victim, berserk beasts.

“Master, look at those berserk beasts outside the city. With so many varieties, they should fulfill the requirement for this experiment. Additionally, because they live in so many different environments under a wide variety of conditions, they are they perfect gift for an experiment.” Su Hao excitedly continued while patting his chest, “As long as you promise, I will immediately catch anything for you!”

“Really?” Zhang Zhongtian glanced at him.

“Of course it is true.” Su Hao sweared to heaven. If he could convince Zhang Zhongtian to give up on that idea of his, Su Hao was willing to agree to almost anything.

“Alright.”

Zhang Zhongtian reluctantly agreed. Su Hao was finally able to relax.He no longer needed to be a white mouse. However, after relaxing for no more than two minutes, Zhang Zhongtian came and handled an A4 paper to him. Su Hao opened it and was instantly dumbfounded.

-----------List of materials------------

Berserk red jackal, 2

Wampee monkey, 1

Black bull beast, 2

......

-----------------------------

After he finished reading, Su Hao instantly understood.

Damn it!

He had been tricked again!

Why did they want to trick him again? Su Hao’s face turned nasty. Why did teachers begin to tease and exploit students so much? Even if he were to forget about Su Wan teasing him, he had just returned to Jianghe City and was being taken advantage of by his own master. The materials list had already been prepared. Didn’t that mean that his master had set up a pit and waited for him to fall into it?

“Sigh...”

Su Hao let out a deep sigh. His master was going overboard. It seemed that as one aged, his integrity would decrease. With his current age, his master’s integrity must have been long gone.

Since the issues concerning the materialsl list was settled, Zhang Zhongtian was in a good mood, “One doesn’t visit a temple without a cause. Just say it, my good disciple. Why are you looking for me?”

Su Hao’s mind went on alert. It seemed that his master had just come out and hadn’t checked the inventory yet. Then...

“Master, a few days ago, I used some of the materials here. You won’t be mad at me, right?”

“Nope.”

Zhang Zhongtian casually raised his cup and smelled it. The fragrance of tea permeated the air, “We’re master and disciple after all. It’s just some materials, nothing to get upset about. What did you do? Don’t tell me you can create body recovery drug already?”

“Nope.”

Su Hao replied honestly, “I created a origin ability liquid bomb and blew up a lab.”

“Pu~”

Zhong Zhongtian sprayed out a mouthful of tea. The tea that he had made just a moment ago was done for. He looked at Su Hao in disbelief, “You...you made an origin ability liquid bomb?”

“En, it seems like the police have begun their investigation. I’m not sure whether they’ll find any leads towards you.” Su Hao said in a serious tone.

Zhang Zhongtian’s face instantly turned green.

Shua!

Zhongtian rushed around his store, opening box after box. After looking through dozens of boxes, only then was he relieved, “Fortunately, these ingredients were all bought at different times. They were all used to mix with other materials and not for the origin ability liquid bomb.”

However, he soon noticed a problem.

Su Hao knew the formula to create the origin ability liquid bomb. Yet, he didn’t know how to avoid this?

As he raised his head, he saw the sinister smile of Su Hao and instantly understood. Zhang Zhongtian rolled his eyes. He had been tricked by this little fox. He unhappily covered all the boxes sand angrily said, “You smelly brat, you even went and did some bad stuff. Quickly, be honest and tell me properly!”

Su Hao giggled. Who asked you to take advantage of me just now?

However, he still gave a rough explanation of the vents regarding the blue butterfly. After all, this matter was so huge that you could easily find news of it on the internet. Even if he wanted to hide it, he’d be unable to do so. Of course, he concealed everything pertaining to Zhang Yating.

As for what he narrated, it was the story of a righteous youth. After noticing an evil plot aimed at the citizens of Jianghe City, his heroic heart sprung him into action, saving everyone from being puppets.

Zhang Zhongtian rolled his eyes after he finished listening to the story. What shitty justice!

This kid was the type of person who wouldn’t act without benefits. It must’ve been that he had been completing a task when an evil group had hindered him, causing him to get rid of them. But, those people in the laboratory truly had awful luck... Zhang Zhongtian was spot on with his guess. The group of people within the laboratory would have never guessed that the reason behind their death would be some brat worknig for 300 task points.

After thinking for a moment, Zhang Zhongtian went and prepared another cup of tea. Once again, he comfortably lay down on his lounge.

No matter what type of lab it was, it was unrelated to him. In this era of origin ability, with new technology and abilities, human began to walk in another route.

The good aspects naturally changed for better, but the bad ones, turned worse. All kinds of mysterious crimes occurred that were difficult to prevent. These kinds of private underground laboratories were plentiful.

To study the blue dream butterfly was nothing special.

Compared to previous years, the study of transferring human souls to berserk beasts was truly tragic. It was an experiment which had angered every human being in the world. Compared to that storm, this butterfly experiment was just a drizzle of rain.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0119 Rushing to be a certified pharmacist
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0119 Rushing to be a certified pharmacist

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

As he leisurely sipped his tea, Zhang Zhongtian looked at Su Hao, “In the future, just pay more attention. Do whatever you want, but make sure you’re not caught!”

“Yes, master!”

Su Hao nodded his head seriously. He wondered why his master had been able to keep so calm. Perhaps he had done similar things in the past?

“Oh yeah, master. Do you know anyone from the police station?”

“No.”

Zhang Zhongtian shook his head, “That broken place, why is there a need for me to know anyone there?”

Su Hao began to sweat.

A dignified police station in Jianghe City had become a broken place in the eyes of Zhang Zhongtian. For someone who possessed the identity of a drug master, a place like Jianghe City wasn’t worth a damn.

“What’re you trying to do?” Zhang Zhongtian had an odd feeling.

Su Hao smiled, “I’m helping a friend investigate information about her family. She has a unique identity so a regular inquiry won’t suffice. That’s why I need access to the police station’s database. It doesn’t matter if it is someone from the police station as long as they can access the database.”

“If so...”

Zhang Zhongtian pondered, “Can’t you go by yourself?”

“Me?”

Su Hao thought for a moment and quickly waved his hand, “Absolutely not. I’ve caused problems there before. They’d most likely hate to see me.”

“...”

His disciple was extremely talented at getting himself into trouble.

“I didn’t mean for you to go without a plan.” Zhang Zhongtian sneered, “You know what era it is? The era of origin ability! The restrictive power of laws is too weak! As long as you can intimate them, trying to find people or things shouldn’t be an issue. A lot of occupations have the privilege of such abuse and one of them...is that of a pharmacist!”

Pharmacist?

Su Hao’s eyes turned bright. In this era, pharmacy was one of the trendiest and most respectable careers, especially for those with certifications. Even the chief of police would have to be polite when meeting you. If you wanted to check some information, he’d naturally comply. Even with ten times the courage, he wouldn’t dare to offend the Pharmacist Association.

“Do you mean you’re going to help me check it?” Su Hao was excited. After all, his master was a true master of drugs!

“Sigh.” Looking at the expression of his disciple, Zhang Zhongtian felt a tiny bit of shame, “You should already be aware of the fact that I have been blacklisted by the Pharmacist Association for a long time. I currently don’t have the luxury of revealing myself. If you want to go, you will have to rely on yourself. Won’t everything be settled once you become a pharmacist?”

“Me? A pharmacist?”

Su Hao pointed at himself. He was very clear about his own limits. The current him could only make one drug, the origin ability recovery drug.

“Don’t underestimate yourself.”

Zhang Zhongtian continued in low tone, “Go and master body recovery drug within these two days. Once you do so, you can participate in the beginner pharmacist exam administered by the Pharmacy Association since you’ve already mastered origin ability recovery drug. The contents of the exam will involve these two drugs. As long as you pass the exam, you will officially become a regular beginner pharmacist.”

“It’s that simple?”

Su Hao was stunned. Origin ability recovery drug and body recovery drug were two of the hottest drugs for sale in the market. As long as you mastered these two drugs, you could become a beginner pharmacist. He was very clear about this, but the mastery that Zhang Zhongtian referred to wasn’t simply the ability to make the drug, but true mastery!

What was the point in a half-baked newbie like him going there?

“Easy? Hmpph, you know how they assess pharmacists? All the materials are selected by the Pharmacist Association. The content is especially unstable. Thus, compared to what you usually do, the difficulty is increased by many folds. The failure rate will naturally increase! Of course, that only applies to others. For you...is it really that difficult?”

Su Hao’s eyes turned bright.

Yes!

If that was the case, wouldn’t he soon be a respectable beginner pharmacist? Of course, the requirement would be for him to master body recovery drug.

As he thought of this, Su Hao’s became excited. He didn’t have any plans for these two days anyways. Why not use the time to master body recovery drug?

First day!

The whole day, Su Hao didn’t go out nor travel back home. He rotted in the laboratory, reading through Zhang Zhongtian’s experimental notes over and over again.

Then, he started analyzing.

The three normal steps of experimentation: reading, analyzing, and training!

Last time, Su Hao had already completed all three steps. This time, his purpose was to analyze Zhang Zhongtian’s previous failed experiments and lessons. By combining them with his previous failures, he would improve his understanding. Su Hao spent an entire day confirming every aspect before deciding to proceed.

The second day, experiment!

A mixture of five different kinds of herbs was still rather difficult for Su Hao. However, experience could only be gained on the battlefield.

Failed!

Failed!

All kinds of failure!

After numerous tries, Su Hao didn’t manage to succeed a single time. As he looked at Zhang Zhongtian, he felt rather guilty. A single failure would cost quite a significant amount of money. He even allowed Su Hao to use his model analysis to try.

Su Hao shook his head and kept on experimenting.

This was no joke. His military fighting technique was still under progression. As long as he didn’t accelerate it, things should remain fine. Otherwise, the consumption rate might’ve backfired on him. Additionally, as long as he managed to grasp it once, he’d be fine with these herbs. After all, ever batch of herbs would have different properties. Su Hao kept improving from his countless failures. He finally succeeded on the noon of the third day.

“Success!”

Su Hao pleasantly looked at the body recovery drug in his right hand. After more than a hundred failures, he had finally succeeded!

In order to test its effects, Su hao poked a hole in his finger, causing blood to flow. He immediately drank the entire bottle, causing the wound to stop bleeding. The wound healed completely in less than half a minute.

“Weak!”

Su Hao knew that this was much weaker than what was available on the market. It was more like a band-aid. However, he was still satisfied with his progress.

Continue!

Improve his success rate!

Improve the quality of drug!

Zhang Zhongtian hadn’t even managed to take a breath of fresh air before Su Hao started his experiment again. His mouth slightly twitched. Every master would be pleased to have a disciple that was so devoted to self-improvement and experimentation. Su Hao reminded Zhang Zhongtian of himself when he was young, but...Su Hao was currently using his materials!

Over a hundred failures, how much money was that?

Zhang Zhongtian counted with his fingers. His face turned downcast. Would receiving a genius disciple bankrupt him within a few days?

Fortunately, Zhang Zhongtian didn’t have to worry for long.

By the fourth day, Su Hao had stabilized his success rate at around ten percent! Out of every ten batches, he’d manage to create one bottle of body recovery drug. At the moment of success, Su Hao was able to comprehend the circumstances which naturally improved his success rate.

On the fifth day, Su Hao’s success rate increased by twofold, improving to twenty percent! This made Zhang Zhongtian incredibly pleased. Although it was difficult for Su Hao to get the hang of things, once he did, his progress was much faster than average person. Increasing one’s success rate by ten percent in such a short time, who could compare?

The sixth day, Su Hao’s success rate increased to an astounding thirty percent!

Such speed left Zhang Zhongtian dumbfounded. Wasn’t this the drug that required a pharmacist to spend an entire month of blood and sweat to master? Why this feel like a toy when placed in front of Su Hao?

However, Su Hao’s success rate no longer increased past thirty percent. According to Zhang Zhongtian, this was Su Hao’s current limit.

If his body recovery drug skill had reached the limit, what about origin ability recovery drug?

Interestingly, when Su Hao started to mix herbs for origin ability recovery drug, he discovered that his success rate had increased from fifty to eighty percent!

Once he started getting used to fiver herb mixtures, returning to a three herb mixture was far easier.

Su Hao’s pharmacy skill had improved by leaps and bounds in these few days of experimenting.

After completing his basic experiments, Su Hao began to use his model analysis. Now, even if the materials were a different batch, he could still succeed.

In real experiments, he was able to succeed in one attempt.

After becoming more skillful in these two experiments, Su Hao was finally able to relax. The progress of his military fighting technique was also in the final stage. He estimated that it would finish in two days. He wouldn’t have the luxury of spending time here in a couple of days. Thus, he had to take the pharmacist exam soon.

Tomorrow, he would participate in the exam!

He would pass in one try!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0120 A beautiful story unfolds
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0120 A beautiful story unfolds

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“Hello, sir. Is there anything that I can help you with?”

Su Hao calmly replied, “I am here to participate in the exam.”

“Exam?”

The receptionist was surprised. Usually, pharmacists who came here to be certified were all in their twenties or thirties. There were even some in their forties. People as young as Su Hao were a rare sight.

“Yup, I...”

As Su Hao was replying, an unpleasant loud voice came from behind and masked Su Hao’s voice completely.

“Get lost! Get lost!”

Su Hao looked behind him. At the main door of the Pharmacy Association, a young man over the age of twenty rushed inward. He messily made his way forward, pushing everyone aside as if he was in a hurry.

Peng!

The young man bumped into Su Hao and pushed him aside, before hurriedly rushed upstairs.

Su Hao patted the dust on his shoulder and looked at the direction the young man had left for. When he had been struck, his muscles had instinctively tightened as if he had subconsciously wanted to make a move. Luckily, he had realized in time that he was in the Pharmacy Association and not the battlefield. Only then did he get rid of any violent thoughts.

As for that young man, he had been unaware that he was a hair’s breadth from dying.

The receptionist noticed Su Hao’s expression. Thinking that he might later find the young man for revenge, she quickly attempted to discourage him, “Don’t be impulsive. Let me secretly inform you. The guy who passed by just now is You Zhiming. His origin ability is 10 points and he is also the disciple of vice president Gao. His attitude is bad due to being spoiled. You’re taking the exam at such a young age. You must be rather talented. There’s no need to associate yourself with such people.”

Su Hao smiled.

This girl working the front desk wasn’t bad. Su Hao laughed it off, “Don’t worry. I won’t be angry at such people. What is the procedure for taking the exam?”

“En.” The recptionist sweetly smiled, “Let me have a look... En, alright. To participate in the beginner pharmacist exam, you must first register as a student of the Pharmacy Association. Have you registered already? If you haven’t, you must first register and contribute towards the Pharmacy Association before participating in the exam.”

“I haven’t registered.” Su Hao shook his head, “But I brought this.”

Su Hao took out an item about the size of a business card and handed it over to the receptionist. After scanning it with an instrument, she was surprised.

This was a letter of recommendation.

A letter of recommendation from berserk master Zhang Zhongtian!

Although this master had already been removed by the Pharmacy Association, that was only because Zhang Zhongtian didn’t follow the rules. His skill in pharmacy was still terrifying and worthy of respect. Because of the nickname ‘berserk master’, Zhang Zhongtian had quite a large fanbase in the Pharmacy Association.

To be recognised by such a master, how could he be any ordinary man?

“Please wait for a moment. I will go inform the president about this.”

The front desk girl quickly dialed. In just a few breaths, a middle aged man calmly walked down.

“Vice president, hello!” The front desk girl respectfully greeted.

“En.” The middle aged man nodded, “The president will be out for a few days. All matters will be handled by me. It shouldn’t be a problem for me to handle this.”

After finishing his sentences, he looked at Su Hao, “You’re the disciple of Master Zhang? Su Hao, right? I am Gao Yang, the vice president of the Pharmacy Association in Jianghe City.”

“Hello vice president.” Su Hao said.

“I have seen Master Zhang’s recommendation letter. Master Zhang and I can be regarded as colleagues. I believe in his eyesight. Usually, I’m capable of directly issuing you the certificate without an exam. However, since the president is out, I will be criticized by others as abusing my power if I do so now.” Gao Yang smiled, “So, you will have to take the exam.”

“En, alright!”

Su Hao quickly finished the registration. Gao Yang then personally brought him to the exam room of the Pharmacy Association.

The Pharmacy Association building was huge. There were countless rooms compsoed of glass walls. Numerous virtual screens flickered within the halls. Each virtual screen introduced the function of a drug. Su Hao felt amazed at how luxurious it was. Every corner of the building was occupied with a giant screen.

The Pharmacist Association was definitely great.

The center of the building was occupied by a large central hall, covering thousands of square meters and tens of meters in height. The hall was surrounded by a ring shaped staircase which led to higher floors. Countless laboratories and rooms were prepared for all pharmacists.

It was said that this structural design was created by a master to maximize the safety of every pharmacist.

When Su Hao looked up, he felt a little dizzy. It was so high! All the floors and rooms were surrounding the hall. Once he looked up, all he could see was the roof of the building itself.

As for the exam, it was obviously carried out in the central hall. It was for transparency purposes and to allow the crowd and association members to have a look.

As he entered the central hall, Su Hao glanced around. A row of seven people were sitting at the table in the front. They must be the judges. On the other side, ten young men were sweating as they struggled with the experiments. Both rows of people were quite far apart for safety purposes. On the surrounding floors, quite a number of pharmacists observed with interest.

By coincidence, the previous batch finished just as Su Hao arrived.

Out of ten individuals, only one was lucky enough to pass, reaching the borderline as a certified beginner pharmacist. Su Hao had a brief look and noticed that that person who managed to pass was even more skillful than him.

Su Hao wiped off his sweat.

If not for his model analysis, Su Hao wouldn’t dare to participate in this type of exam.

Gao Yang’s entrance had caught the attention of countless people.

“Vice president!”

“Vice president!”

Several pharmacists who had become judges greeted him. Gao Yang waved his hand and pointed at Su Hao, “Nothing much. I’m here to bring this young man to participate in the exam.”

“Owh, is this your new disciple?”

A pharmacist respectfully asked.

“Nope, he is my friend’s disciple. You don’t have to feel pressure. Just judge like usual. I believe that with his ability, he can pass.” Gao Yang waved his hand and stood behind the crowd.

Su Hao bitterly smiled.

This vice president Gao Yang... Could he be another experiment freak? Although he seemed kind, Su Hao noticed that several people who took the exam and some pharmacists looked at him with a strange expression. They must’ve thought that he was someone that had used his relationship with Gao Yang as a backdoor.

Well, forget about this.

Su Hao bitterly smiled. He could only prove himself later during the exam.

This time, the amount of people taking the exam only numbered eight. Everyone were standing at their respective experiment tables. With the signal of a pharmacist, the exam officially began!

In the exam, a few pharmacists would observe their performance during this time and the final product before access. Of course, only those who succeeded could be judged. If you failed, it was game over!

Perhaps his inexperience would be shown in just a few moments. Therefore, he had to maximize his origin ability’s potential from the start.

Fast! Accurate! Fearless!

Succeed in one try!

1 hour!

Every exam would last for one hour. In one hour, you must successfully create body recovery drug and origin ability recovery drug. On the experiment table, two portions of a variety of materials were provided. If you couldn’t succeed in two trials, then you only had yourself to blame.

Shua!

Shua!

Everyone started their experiment with confidence.

Su Hao separated the materials for origin ability recovery drug and weighed them in his hand for a bit. Suddenly, he felt a tinge of joy. He had stumbled across these types of materials before.

Weighing, testing.

Su Hao didn’t even use his model analysis and instantly began.

Sweet grass, in!

Star grass, in!

Almond grass, in!

Su Hao rapidly mixed these herbs and began his production. Material integration, origin ability fermentation, Su Hao’s skillful actions had attracted the attention of the crowd.

Even the vice president Gao Yang was shocked.

Such good skills!

Several pharmacists stared at Su Hao. Being able to skillfully mix the herbs in such a way meant that Su Hao had already trained in this drug till there wasn’t anything left to learn. This wasn’t comparable to a beginner pharmacist. Just with his skill alone in origin ability recovery drug, it was at the level of intermediate pharmacists or even greater.

This was no longer an experiment, but a performance.

Several other participants were stunned too. Compared to Su Hao, they were too weak. They didn’t even have the courage to continue. They had only started to measure materials and planned on how to mix them, yet Su Hao already reached the final stage of fermentation. Wasn’t this just bullying them?

With such skill,he had taken the exam for beginner pharmacists?!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0121 Too lively!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0121 Too lively!

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

Everyone’s shock was momentarily halted.

Su Hao perfectly completed the process of origin ability fermentation. His first experiment was a perfect success!

Second experiment, continue.

After completing origin ability recovery drug, Su Hao took a deep breath of relief. His body was now entirely focused on creating body recovery drug.

Weighing, testing!

After weighing the herbs with his hand, he noticed that he had not stumbled upon such variants before. Su Hao pretended to think and activated his ability.

Model analysis, start!

Experiment modeling!

Shua!

Su Hao began tests within his mind. Failed, failed, succeeded! He finally succeeded after the third trial, well within his expectations. He now understood these herb like the back of his hand.

Start!

Su Hao’s closed eyes suddenly opened wide. His previously still hands began to move quickly. His skillful actions once again attracted all eyes.

Shua!

Shua!

Su Hao’s experiment was so quick.

However, during the fermentation of the last drop of origin ability drug, purple smoke began to rise. Su Hao’s expression underwent a huge change. Not good! Something bad was about to happen!

“Quickly get out!”

“Hong!”

Immediately after Su Hao issued this warning, a loud bang erupted throughout the hall. A terrifying explosion radiated outwards.

Fortunately, everyone present was a pharmacist. The moment they had noticed the smoke, they had all begun hiding themselves. Su Hao’s high physical fitness allowed him to react quickly.

Despite his quick thinking, he was still struck by the aftermath and knocked backwards.

“Peng!”

Su Hao was pushed all the way to the opposite wall.

Su Hao rubbed his back and looked at the centre in shock. Other participants had either managed to evade or lay on the ground. For the most part, they hadn’t suffered any injuries. Although Su Hao was able to evade, he had still suffered some minor injuries.

But...this wasn’t his current focus.

How could it have failed?

Su Hao didn’t understand. He really couldn’t understand. He had conducted an identical experiment to the model with the same herbs. How could it possibly fail? This was something that shouldn’t have happened/ This was the most frightening encounter he’d had since starting to learn pharmacy.

“I failed...?”

Su Hao felt some bitterness in his mouth. Was it due to some unpredictable reason? If that was the case here, then hadn’t he been extremely lucky when he had made the liquid origin ability bomb? If he was the slightest bit careless, the blue dream butterfly and him would have perished together... He had to find out why it had ended in failure.

As Su Hao was contemplating, a few judges with singed hair came out from under the table and angrily stood up.

“During the experiment, you didn’t activate protective cover! This is a major mistake! 0 points!”

“Not only did you interfere with other participants, but you might have even caused casualties! I also award 0 points!”

“Hmmpphh! In experiments, your quick skills and calm headedness won’t be able to compensate for your lack of knowledge. I also give 0 points!”

“You no longer have to do a second experiment. The other materials are all gone. I will give you 0 points too!”

“This kind of student is the cancer of pharmacists! I give 0 points. Also, I strongly recommend revoking his qualification to participate in the exam in the future! Such irresponsible behaviour. If he truly became a certified pharmacist, he would most likely cause a bigger accident in future!”

Those judges grew angrier as the spoke more.

Their appreciation for Su Hao had turned into anger. Their mood probably wouldn’t improve anytime soon. Especially when they noticed that Su Hao wasn’t paying any attention to them, as if he didn’t feel any sorrow about this incident.

In less than one minute, Su Hao’s result appeared.

He failed!

And it was a big zero!

The crowds from floors above were dumbfounded. Every time, there would be a variety of participants in the exam, but the first to bomb the judges in the first trial was none other than him alone!

It was so lively!

“Alright.” Gao Yang waved his hands. His facial expression wasn’t looking great, “Fellow judges, don’t quarrel anymore. You all have the right to give 0 points, but to revoke his qualification to sit the exam, that’s not your right. I’m sorry for all the trouble. You guys continue, I will take him out.”

“Su Hao, come here.” Gao Yang sighed.

“Oh.”

Su Hao nodded. His mind still didn’t stop analyzing and thinking, yet he still couldn’t understand where the problem had occurred.

Several pharmacists looked at Su Hao in contempt. Despite having a relationship with the vice president, he only managed to burden him with more worries. What was the point in trying to learn pharmacy? Why couldn’t he just eat and sleep in his house? This vice president was also something special. He already had one idiot disciple, yet here was another.

In the great hall of Pharmacist Association.

Gao Yang smiled bitterly, “Sorry, I originally thought you would be able to pass the exam. I never expected something like that to happen. Continue to work hard! Add oil! Next time, when you participate in the exam, I hope you can succeed.”

“Thanks!”

Su Hao thanked him.

“You don’t have to be polite. As long as you don’t shame your master, that should be fine.” Gao Yang patted Su Hao’s shoulder, “Continue to work hard. Regarding the explosion, you don’t have to compensate us. I will go and have a talk with them. You should return first. If they were to see you again, you will probably get reprimanded by them again.”

“En.”

Su Hao nodded. He wasn’t paying much attention even as he headed back.

Exactly where was the problem?

Su Hao recalled the experiment once again. From start to finish, there was no problem! Although he had acted fast, his dosage and quantity of herbs were all accurate!

Or was it a problem with the open and vacuum environment?

That wasn’t right.

Body recovery drug didn’t require anything of the sort. It wasn’t any botanical bacterial experiment, so what was the use of a vacuumed and sterile environment.

Where was the problem exactly?

Su Hao scratched his head for a bit. When he reached the store, he saw that Zhang Zhongtian was still lying leisurely on his couch.

It seemed that he was pretty unoccupied these past two days.

“Huh, Su Hao? Why did you come back so fast? How many points did you get?” Zhang Zhongtian directly asked how many points he had scored. Obviously, he was confident that Su Hao would pass the exam.

“0 points.” Su Hao smiled awkwardly.

“0 points?”

Zhang Zhongtian opened his eyes wide, “Can someone get 0 points? Even if you fail both drugs, you will still get 20 points for your hard work. Your score... Did you beat the judges?”

Su Hao smiled, “It was something similar... I usually don’t have to use protective covers during experiments because it affects my speed. But because I failed my experiment, an explosion occurred and those few judges were covered in dirt... They hate me a lot now.”

Zhang Zhongtian opened his mouth wide, “...”

Bombing the judges on site?

This disciple of his was so brave.

Worthy of being his disciple!

But soon, he reacted, “This is not right. How could you fail? Didn’t you use your ability?”

“I did.”

Su Hao wrinkled his eyebrows, “This is the biggest problem. I used it and succeeded. Compared to the real life one, there weren’t any differences, yet I failed!”

Zhang Zhongtian also raised his eyebrows.

Su Hao’s ability was the main reason behind his rapid progression in pharmacy. If his ability had any problems, it would affect his future! Beginner pharmacist certification wasn’t important at all. His hopes for Su Hao were much greater than what Su Hao had imagined for himself.

“Try again.” Zhang Zhongtian found some herbs for body recovery drug and brought them to the laboratory.

“Alright!”

Su Hao nodded. First, he analyzed the herbs and then began to mix them in experiment modeling.

Failed!

Failed!

Failed!

Succeed!

Su Hao only succeeded in his fourth trial and suddenly opened his eyes.

“Complete?” Zhang Zhongtian asked.

“En.”

“Then, start the experiment!”

Su Hao used a protective cover. This time, he focused on acting according to his simulation. 3 minutes later, the experiment was successful.

“No problem.” Su Hao smiled.

“Remove the protective cover. Continue!” Zhang Zhongtian casually said.

“En.”

Su Hao removed the protective cover and worked on the next batch of herbs. Once again, he tried to create the drug.

Succeeded!

Looking at the perfect bottle of recovery drug in his hand, Su Hao didn’t understand. The protective cover didn’t affect the experiment whatsoever. Whether it was conducted in vacuum environment or not, there wasn’t any relation. Then, how could he have failed?

“Good. You succeeded in both trials. Seems like any factors about the experiment can be ruled out.” Zhang Zhongtian analyzed, “Since it isn’t an internal factor, then we can consider external factors.”

“External factors, are you saying the Pharmacist Association...?”

Su Hao was puzzled. It wasn’t that he didn’t consider this, but there wasn’t anyone who had been hostile towards him. Plus, it was the first time he had gone. In the scene, nobody was trying to spoil his show. All herbs were personally tested by him. After all, in model analysis, he had done the experiment and encountered no problems.

Zhang Zhongtian seemed to have thought of something, “My letter of recommendation, had the president read it?”

“No.”

Su Hao shook his head, “The president wasn’t there apparently. It was a guy named Gao Yang, the vice president, who came and see me.”

“Gao Yang!”

Coldness flashed within Zhang Zhongtian’s eyes. A terrifying aura could be felt. This made Su Hao surprised. But soon, that aura disappeared. Su Hao remembered his master’s reaction just now. Don’t tell that...this Gao Yang...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0122 Master’s support
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0122 Master’s support

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“At that time, was Gao Yang present too?”

“En.” Su Hao nodded, “He said that he was a colleague of yours and brought me to the testing area...”

“Heng!”

Zhang Zhongtian sneered, “We used to both be at Jinhua City’s Pharmacist Association. Because of his narrow mindedness and his love of conspiracies, he never had the chance to climb up in position. The one time that the position of vice president opened up, I was the one who ended up claiming the position. Afterwards, he was transferred to another place. I never would’ve thought that he’d have moved to Jianghe City and become vice president!”

Having narrated events up to this point, everything was clear now.

Su Hao’s failure was the result of tampering from Gao Yang.

On the surface, he had appeared to care about Su Hao, but he had been secretly planning to backstab him from the start. If not for his quick reactions and high physical fitness, he would have mostly suffered fatal injuries from the explosion.

Su Hao finally understood that he had been toyed with by Gao Yang.

Although he was smart, Su Hao was still an eighteen year old boy. He never imagined that a dignified vice president could be so small minded. Because he was unable to touch Zhang Zhongtian, he had retaliated against Su Hao instead. If he had wanted to, he could have simply barred Su Hao from taking the exam instead of scheming around.

No wonder Jinhua City’s Pharmacist Association hadn’t allowed him to become vice president. What qualifications did he have to become one? Did he think that because he had run away to Jianghe City that he could do whatever he wanted? If not for Su Hao’s tough body, he would have died long ago.

Gao Yang!

Daddy will remember you!

Su Hao squinted his eyes as he tried to think of how he could get rid of Gao Yang. There was a slight fluctuation on that seemingly transparent cloth covering his shoulder. It was as if something had moved slightly before disappearing.

The blue dream butterfly had been awakened by Su Hao’s killing intent.

Zhang Zhongtian was surprised by Su Hao’s expression. His disciple’s killing intent was clearly visible!

He had a basic understanding of his disciple. He was harmless when he wanted to remain unnoticed, but once he made a move, it would be world shaking!

A love rivalry had nearly caused two major groups in Jianghe City to wage war against each other. During a task which involved the Piao Ling Organization, Su Hao created trouble in the police station, resulting in a captain’s death. The small task of capturing a blue dream butterfly had ended up attracting the eyes of everyone in Jianghe City.

This time around, he’d probably plan something huge.

After all, Fao Yang was the vice president of the Pharmacist Association. Zhang Zhongtian had an inexplicable feeling that Su Hao might even resort to killing Gao Yang.

As he looked at Su Hao who was currently pondering, Zhang Zhongtian felt nervous. Don’t tell me that this kid is planning to blow up an entire building of the Pharmacy Association?

“Pa!”

Zhang Zhongtian slapped his body, “What’re you thinking?”

“Nothing.”

Su Hao smiled and quickly changed the topic, “Master, how did he disrupt my experiment?”

“His grade B ability, origin ability obstruction.”

Zhang Zhongtian continued, “His origin ability is a little special. At any time and point, he can make an origin ability lose a portion of its effects. Because the consumption is too great, it’s not practical in combat. For experiments though...its potential can be utilized. That is the reason he has the achievements he does. Although his character isn’t worth a damn, his skill in pharmacy is still top notch.”

“So that was how he did it.”

Su Hao understood.

The origin abilities which the Pharmacy Association valued were different from normal combat ones. A master pharmacist rarely participated in battle. Almost all of their time was spent on research. Thus, most of their abilities were rather uniquely suited for pharmacy.

As for this origin ability obstruction...

Su Hao considered it to be a type of blocking ability. If he guessed correctly, Gao Yang had used his ability to disrupt the fermentation process as he added origin ability fermentation drug. Due to the imbalances in the process, Su Hao’s mixture had ended in failure.

You’re a senior yet you stoop to such petty tricks!

This Gao Yang was a truly vile character.

Su Hao wrinkled his eyebrows. Since he was vice president, he must have reached the level of a professional variant. Based on his understanding of professional variants, their fighting technique and physical fitness were maxed. Although their origin ability might have been ordinary, their combat strength was still terrifying.

Thus, almost all professional variant espers were stronger than beginner variants!

So far, Su Hao had only fought a single battle against a professional variant. Despite his foes serious injuries, he had needed help from the blue dream butterfly to kill his opponent. If they were to fight again, even a hundred of Su Hao wouldn’t be enough to defeat him.

The gap in strength was too enormous.

His personal strength was not great enough to dispose of Gao Yang. He could only take a look at other options...

“Shua!”

A hand patted Su Hao’s shoulder. Zhang Zhongtian looked at him and smiled, “Go and get some rest. Tomorrow, we will go for a trip to the Pharmacy Association and get your beginner pharmacist certification.”

“En?”

Su Hao frowned, “But Gao Yang is there...”

“Hmpph, Gao Yang is nothing in my eyes!”

Zhang Zhongtian sneered. A cold light could be seen shining within his eyes, “I was already capable of stepping on his head in Jinhua City. I can step on top of him here as well! For such a long time, I haven’t made any appearances. It seems that these brats have begun to forget about my name. Get some rest. Tomorrow, I will follow you and confront this vice president of Jianghe City’s Pharmacist Association. Let’s see how much this brat has grown after all these years.”

“Alright!”

Su Hao quickly nodded.

With his master’s support, what was there for him to be afraid of?

The night in Jianghe City was as silent as ever.

The bustling city was brightly lit up. Nobody would have known about the hidden dangers lurking where the light couldn’t reach.

At a villa in Jianghe City.

“Hahahah, Zhang Zhongtian must have been angered till death!” Gao Yang proudly poured himself a cup of wine and slowly sipped for a bit. Suddenly, a comfortable feeling spread throughout his body.

He hadn’t been this happy for so many years.

When he was in Jinhua City, Zhang Zhongtian had kept suppressing him. Even when he was aiming for vice president position, Zhang Zhongtian had kicked him off without any reservation to claim the vice president spot for himself. Finally, he couldn’t hold his anger anymore and applied for a transfer. After coming to Jianghe City, he had finally become vice president after countless years of struggling.

However, as time passed, things remained the same.

As he prepared to take his revenge, he noticed that Zhang Zhongtian had disappeared and been removed from the Pharmacy Association. This have him a feeling similar to that of having a fishbone stuck in one’s throat. He had poured his blood and sweat into his revenge only to have his nemesis vanish. This situation was similar to being beaten by your nemesis consecutively in a game, only to have server issues as you finally turned the tide.

After brooding on this matter for so long, he never expected that Zhang Zhongtian’s disciple would deliver himself to his doorstep.

“Hehe, disciple? I will prevent your disciple from becoming a pharmacist this entire lifetime!”

Gao Yang proudly stated his intention.

Berserk master?

So what!

Zhang Zhongtian was just a rogue pharmacist who had been removed from the Pharmacist Association. If he wanted his disciple to join the Pharmacy Association, he had to come and beg! He shook the cup of wine in his hand and had another sip. Gao Yang took a breath, “I can’t wait for such a scene.”

“Kacha!”

The door suddenly opened. A young man came in, “Master. I have to participate in the beginner pharmacist exam tomorrow?”

The young man was stunned as he looked at Gao Yang. At this moment, his master was sitting on the sofa, elegantly holding a cup of wine. This in itself wasn’t surprising, but...the bottle on the sofa wasn’t red wine. It was Fenjiu. The bottom of the bottle clearly stated, ‘xx local xx Fenghe City’s specialty xx’.

[Fenjiu : A Chinese liquor]

“Pa!”

Gao Yang put down the goblet in embarrassment and angrily scolded, “What are you randomly coming in for, brat? Can’t you see that your master is busy tasting wine?”

“Yes, yes, master is almighty. Even if it is Fenjiu, with master’s taste buds, the taste of Bordeaux red wine can still be felt.” The young man said mischievously.

“Get lost!”

A slipper was thrown over. Gao Yang was mad, “What exam? Weren’t you supposed to take it today? You were late by thirty minutes!”

“It was an accident. Last night, that young girl was a bit more energetic.”

The young man giggled, “Tomorrow, I will surely be there! Arrange it for me and I will be there early.”

“Alright, get lost!”

“Yes, master is so busy.” The young man excitedly left.

Gao Yang shook his head. He was about to taste his wine when he recalled what his disciple had said. Feeling embarrassed, he threw the cup to the side and prepared to sleep as if nothing had happened.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0123 Brother is actually here to bomb the judges
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0123 Brother is actually here to bomb the judges

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

The next morning.

Su Hao returned to the Pharmacist Association once again.

The receptionist looked up and smiled as she saw Su Hao. She still had a vivid impression of Su Hao. After all, not many people were capable of getting a vice president to personally handle their matters. The amount of people that would singe every judge’s hair into that of a mad scientist was even smaller. Yesterday’s incident had spread like wildfire through the association.

Having made eye contact with Su Hao, she managed to contain her mirth to a simple smile. She maintained her professional demeanor for the most part and asked, “Hello, Su Hao. Are you here for the exam?”

Su Hao quickly replied, “I am actually here to bomb the judges.”

“Pu...”

The front desk girl suddenly burst into laughter, “You’re so humorous. It’s alright to fail in exam as long as you keep trying. Add oil! I will inform vice president Gao.”

The receptionist headed off to see Gao Yang, leaving Su Hao in a daze.

“In fact, what I said was the truth... Haiz, nobody will believe the truth?”

As he was in the waiting area, a loud and impatient voice came over.

“Get away! Get away!”

It was the same impatient voice. Su Hao turned around. At the main door of the Pharmacist Association, a twenty something year old man rushed through in a rough manner.

Su Hao took a closer look. Wasn’t he the same person as yesterday?

That guy named You Zhiming?

Su Hao suddenly remembered. Yesterday, hadn’t the front desk girl mentioned something about vice president Gao’s disciple? There was only one person with the family name Gao, Gao Yang.

“Get lost! Get lost!”

You Zhiming rushed over like a madman. Su Hao casually made way, but just as he did so, he quietly stretched out a foot.

“Pa!”

You Zhiming tripped on his foot and fell face down, like a dog eating shit.

“F*ck, who did it?”

You Zhiming was irate as he stood up. As he raised his head up, everyone subconsciously looked down. Su Hao was looking at him with a sneer.

“You! What’re you doing, daring to embarrass daddy!” You Zhiming found his target and pointed at Su Hao.

Su Hao indifferently smiled and looked down at the time on his communication device, “Aiya, already 8 am. The pharmacist exam is about to start.”

“Exam your ass. Stop pretending. Damn, you really dare to do this to me...” You Zhiming cursed for a bit before glancing at the time. After coming back to his senses, he hit his thigh, “Damn grandson. You wait here. I will come back to teach you a lesson after finishing the exam. Don’t try to run!”

After finishing his sentence, You Zhiming clumsily rushed upstairs.

“...”

Such IQ...

Su Hao silently sighed.

After waiting for half an hour, Gao Yang finally made his appearance, leisurely walking down.

When he reached the main hall and saw Su Hao by himself, he was obviously shocked. Yesterday, he had put Su Hao into such a miserable state, yet he came to find him again. Hadn’t his master mentioned anything about their bad blood? He wanted Zhang Zhongtian himself to come here begging for forgiveness. Exactly what had Su Hao come here for?

He had thought that Zhang Zhongtian would come and apologize. That was why he had purposely come down late. It appeared as if his efforts had been in vain.

As he looked at Su Hao who had an expression of worship on his face, Gao Yang kindly asked, “Hehe, Su Hao. You’re here. Huh? Your master is not accompanying you?”

“Ar, master still hasn’t come back from collecting materials.”

Su Hao bitterly smiled, “I still don’t dare tell him about me failing the test. Today, I will definitely pass!”

“Hehe, great. Add oil!”

On the surface, Gao Yang was very encouraging, but his heart was very disappointed.

No wonder Su Hao had come to him for help again. Zhang Zhongtian still hadn’t come back from outside? Oh well, if he is here to participate, let him then. I am failing you for the sake of Zhang Zhongtian coming here and apologizing. If you pass, then what will I get? As long as I, Gao Yang am alive, I will make you fail as many times as needed!

“Come. I will arrange a spot for you. Just now, the previous batch just finished taking the exam. You came at the perfect time for the next batch.”

Gao Yang brought Su Hao to the central hall once again.

As they entered the central hall, that panel of judges was obviously shocked. Their faces instantly turned green. It can’t be this guy again?

“Wow, that person named Su Hao came again.”

“You mean that guy who blew up the judges yesterday?”

“Yup. He’s so courageous. After blowing up the judges, he still dared to come. Isn’t he afraid of the judges giving him 0 points again?”

“What is there to fear? He has the backing of vice president Gao.”

After noticing Su Hao’s presence, a number of people became excited. One by one, they rested their eyes on the central hall. Many people that had been in the midst of experiments came out of curiosity. After a few moments, the crowd had already swelled greatly.

In the central hall.

“Master.”

You Zhiming who had just finished his exam came over in pride, “Master, I am now officially a beginner pharmacist.”

“En, not bad.” Gao Yang said with a straight face. Damn, I have taught you for so many years. If you weren’t even capable of passing this beginner exam, I wouldn’t have any face to show. If for you being playboy, perhaps you might have even passed the intermediate level by now.

“Come, let me introduce you to someone. This is Su Hao, my colleague’s disciple.”

“Oh, hi! Eh, you are...” You Zhiming was shocked.

Su Hao quickly stepped up and grabbed his hands, “So you’re Senior You. Glad to meet you. This time, I am here to participate in the exam. I hope senior can give me some guidance.”

“Sure sure.”

On the surface, You Zhiming seemed friendly, but his heart was secretly thinking, so this brat is a disciple of master’s colleague. It seems that I can’t simply make my move. Or else, my master will lose face. However, for daring to make fun of me, I will make sure to repay the favor manyfold.

Looking at his expression, Su Hao could already guess what he was thinking. Coldly smiling without uttering a word, this pair of master and student really came from the same mold.

“Come, Su Hao. It’s your turn now.”

After Gao Yang made some arrangements, Su Hao walked toward his station.

The moment Su Hao reached his station, the judges subconsciously pulled their table a few meters away before announcing, “Alright, you guys can begin now.”

Everyone was paying attention to Su Hao alone. Apparently, they still had some lingering fear from yesterday’s incident.

Shua!

Shua!

Su Hao quickly mixed the herbs as usual. He didn’t even use the protective cover. In the eye of a middle aged man, a trace of bright color flashed. This level...

Star grass!

Almond grass!

Sweet grass!

Very soon, Su Hao was able to configure the mixture completely and reaching the final step of origin ability fermentation. It was similar to yesterday. The level of skill that Su Hao showed while creating origin ability recovery drug was above that of intermediate level. You Zhiming who had a grudge against Su Hao had long ago been dumbfounded. With such proficiency, even a hundred of him wouldn’t be able to catch up.

Origin ability recovery drug was successfully completed.

Su Hao began to mix the second drug, body recovery drug.

Su Hao was silent for a moment. Within his mind, he conducted a simulation at a rapid speed. This time, it was faster than yesterday. Failed, succeeded! He succeeded in his second trial!

Start!

Su Hao excitedly began his experiment. The pharmacists present were all excited. Within their expectations, Su Hao didn’t use a protective cover again!

Trying to act cool!

Was it necessary?

In less than one minute, the mixture of body recovery drug was already completed. Su Hao then took out fermentation drug and added it drop by drop.

At this time, Gao Yang sneered from the distance This was the moment he’d been waiting for! No matter how skillful you are, in front of this old man, everything is just a joke. Will I let a brat like you ruin my plans for Zhang Zhongtian?

A light flashed within Gao Yang’s eyes and the fingers on his right hand moved a little. A trace of a strange and mysterious power appeared. With Su Hao’s current strength, even if he already knew about Gao Yang’s trick, he was still incapable of detecting it. After all, the gap between them was too huge.

One drop!

Two drops!

...

Ten drops!

Something amiss!

Su Hao suddenly frowned. This last drop hadn’t had any effect.

“Ci...”

Purple smoke began to appear.

“Aiya, this is bad!”

Su Hao exclaimed. He released the material from his hand in panic, his whole body retreating. Those judges quickly hid under the table as soon as they saw a hint of purple smoke. Several students who were taking the exam also quickly retreated as they noticed the purple smoke.

However, they didn’t notice Su Hao’s mouth raised up in a smirk as he retreated.

As if it had been ‘unintentional’ and ‘careless’, Su Hao poured the entire bottle of fermentation drug as well as several bottles of the same drug on the table into the mixture. The boiling mixture instantly changed color as a terrifying energy slowly broiled.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0124 Appearing in a domineering fashion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0124 Appearing in a domineering fashion

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“Hong!”

A huge explosion echoed through the hall. A terrifying force spread outward towards the surrounding area. Everything which had been on Su Hao’s table vanished. The strength of the explosion was even stronger than yesterday! The crowd upstairs watched the jaw dropping scene.

The difference between a few drops of origin ability fermentation drug and several bottles was more than ten million times. Because the reaction was still undergoing, the explosion continually expanded! A series of explosions rang out one after another, growing stronger with each successive blast.

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

The blasting sounds continued. Su Hao could feel the ground tremor beneath his feet. Countless experiment tools were blown all over the place. Only after a full two minutes did the scene subside.

As the crowd looked at the central hall, they all breathed in a mouthful of cold air.

Countless of experiment tables had been destroyed, ending up in various unrecognizable shapes. Other tools had long ago been destroyed and messily scattered upon the ground.

Inside the hall, it was a huge mess.

The tables in front of the judges were all blown away, revealing their ash-covered faces and singed hairstyles. Their bodies were in bad shape, with burns scattered across their skin. They appeared as if they had just escaped from a tide of beasts, similar to a refugee.

They could’ve guessed the process behind Su Hao’s experiment, but not the end result.

Even though Gao Yang hadn’t suffered any injuries, his entire face was blackened by ash.

The other participants fared much better. They had been blown away by the first explosion, saving them from the effects of the chain of explosions.

The only person who went unharmed was none other than Su Hao. He had already prepared himself earlier. Moments before the explosion, he had already escaped and hid underneath a far away experiment table.

The explosion’s conclusion was met with a moment of silence.

The onlookers were dumbfounded. Is this guy an explosion devil? Why did his experiment always end up exploding? Not only that, but they kept getting stronger too! The judges were all intensely staring at the distant Su Hao.

This guy is too terrifying!

“I’m sorry, fellow teachers. It’s my mistake.”

Su Hao sincerely apologized and broke the silence.

“You...you...”

A judge stretched out a trembling finger as he pointed at Su Hao. As a judge, he had the ability to fail him, but it’d be hard for him to retain his professionalism. After things had progressed to this point, how could anyone possibly remain professional?

“Blacklist! He must be blacklisted!”

Yet another judge voiced out. Su Hao had a glance at the judges. The seven judges all had their faces covered in ash and their hair standing on end. He really couldn’t differentiate them from each other. He decided to temporarily name them black 1 to 7. The person who had just spoken was black 3.

“I agree!”

Black 4 stood up and angrily shouted, “The Pharmacist Association doesn’t need such a person! This is too hateful. Harming oneself and others in the process!”

Black 6 also stood up, “I strongly urge for Su Hao to be blacklisted. Otherwise, I will quit! I am here to judge, not to be a victim of this bird! If every student is like him, how can I live past this year?”

Black 7 was a bit more calm, “Vice president Gao, I know he is someone you brought. In reality, we should be more lenient, but you also witnessed this right? Such a situation, we simply couldn’t handle it. If you still insist on bringing him into the Pharmacist Association, then we can only resign.”

“Black 7... Oh no, I mean this judge.” Su Hao sincerely said, “For the consequences I brought to you from the experiment, I’m really sorry. But my experiment didn’t have any problems. Such factors are out of my control!”

“You still dare to quibble!”

Black 7 raged. No matter how calm he had appeared on the surface, he couldn’t hold his anger anymore. He turned his head and looked at Gao Yang, “Vice president Gao, I am just waiting on word from you. Or else, we will turn around and leave.”

Gao Yang’s heart was gloomy at first. Originally, he was a bit depressed upon having his face blasted black. Listening to the reaction from the judges was like music to his ears.

Zhang Zhongtian’s disciple was this retarded?

He still hadn’t entered the Pharmacist Association, yet had offended so many people. Zhang Zhongtian’s reputation, too bad! Without him playing any tricks, the bottles of fermentation drug had been too bright! If yesterday’s explosion had been on this scale, perhaps the judges wouldn’t have hated him as much.

Thinking of this, Gao Yang revealed an embarrassing look on the surface. He looked at the judges and then Su Hao, “Su Hao, I can only help you till here.”

Before he could enjoy himself, an arrogant voice traveled from the main gate outside the Pharmacist Association all the way until the hall, “Haha, Gao Yang. Daddy’s disciple, you don’t have the qualification to teach him!”

“Hong!”

A violent blasting sound could be heard.

A huge hole was blasted into the door of Pharmacist Association. A short figure slowly appeared from the hole. Accompanied by large amount of dust and his arrogant voice, the figure made his way inside. It was a truly domineering entrance.

“Who?”

Several pharmacists looked on in shock. Security also quickly arrived and surrounded the scene. The figure slowly approached Gao Yang, “After so many years, I hope you’ve been doing well since the last time we met, Gao Yang!”

This guy was obviously shorter than Gao Yang, but with his arrogant tone and domineering aura, nobody felt that it was out of place. This was because at this time, the crowd in the Pharmacist Association had finally recognised the identity of this figure. This was a drug master that nearly everyone in the Pharmacist Association could recognize.

“Zhang Zhongtian!”

Go Yang slowly enunciated his name, syllable by syllable. His face was a red as he stared at the person in front of him in hatred.

He had expected Zhang Zhongtian to come from the beginning, but why was the way he had appeared different from the script? In his imagination, Zhang Zhongtian would have been in tears as he begged him to help Su Hao.

But, no!

Zhang Zhongtian was still domineering as ever!

Arrogant as usual!

He still spoke in the same tone as before, trying to oppress Gao Yang. But Gao Yang was no longer an ordinary pharmacist in Jinhua City and Zhang Zhongtian was no longer the highly respected vice president. What qualifications did he have to treat Gao Yang like this?

“You...” Gao Yang hadn’t even finish saying a word, yet Zhang Zhongtian had interrupted him, “Last time in Jinhua City, we, higher ups could see clearly that you weren’t a good man That was why we didn’t allow you to become vice president. I didn’t imagine that you’d come to Jianghe City and reach your current position. Despite this, you’re still doing such things.”

“What you mean by that?” Gao Yang was mad.

“What you mean?”

Zhang Zhongtian sneered, “If an origin ability is used to block a portion of the fermentation drug’s effects, the mixture will become unbalanced, resulting in an explosion. That sounds quite similar to the scene we just witnessed. Also, it is strange that every explosion only occurred during the origin ability fermentation process. What a coincidence.”

As Zhang Zhongtian finished his sentence, all the pharmacists were in a shock.

If they thought carefully, that seemed to be the case here. Every time, the explosion had only occurred while Su Hao was adding fermentation drug. This was too strange. Plus, Su Hao had conducted the first part in such a skillful manner. This didn’t look like any newbie. How could he have made such a simple error? At first, they thought Su Hao was deliberately trying to provoke them, but Zhang Zhongtian made them rethink the matter. Could there be a plot behind all of this?

If such words were said by Su Hao, nobody would have believed him.

But if the dignified berserk master Zhang Zhongtian said so, everyone would assume it was true. Although Zhang Zhongtian had been removed from the Pharmacist Association, the fame of this berserk master wasn’t something an ordinary man could compare with.

Berserk master, Zhang Zhongtian!

This name.

It is a milestone in the Pharmacist Association!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0125 Star grass emperor
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0125 Star grass emperor

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“Hu~”

Gao Yang took a deep breath, trying to calm himself from the shock caused by Zhang Zhongtian’s sudden appearance.

After his mental state returned to normal, Gao Yang looked at Zhang Zhongtian with a sneer, “Master Zhang...oh wait, pardon me. I forgot that you’ve been removed from the list. I will address you as Zhang Zhongtian. What gives you the courage to blast away the main gate of the Pharmacist Association? Are you trying to provoke the entire Pharmacist Association by yourself?”

“Nope, of course I don’t dare.”

Zhang Zhongtian smiled indifferently, “Today, I am here to ask why you’re trying to make trouble for my disciple during his assessment, causing the judges to have a bad impression of him. Despite this, you’re acting as if you’re doing him a favor. You hate me so much and yet you’d be willing to help my disciple? I can already tell that you typically don’t show up for exams. You’re only here because my disciple is taking his exam.”

The crowd’s mind was enlightened. That really seemed to be the case here!

When had the explosions began in the Pharmacist Association? What had Gao Yang ever taken time out of his day to witness the beginner pharmacist exam? As everyone thought about the answers to these questions, they stared at Gao Yang, including the judges whose faces had been turned black.

A transferral of hatred.

This was the reason that Su Hao had created such a large explosion. Of course, this hadn’t hurt anyone in the process. If a beginner’s experiment could create an explosion of that scale, nobody would be willing to learn pharmacy. However, being in such image, those judges probably won’t have the face to meet others. Additionally, they were told that the person behind the explosion was actually Gao Yang?

Su Hao thought the current scene was very interesting.

Gao Yang’s went on alert. With a sullen feeling as he noticed the expression of the crowd, he stated, “Nonsense! Do you really all believe the words of someone that has been expelled from the Pharmacist Association? Zhang Zhongtian, you better watch your mouth! Food can be eat at random, but words cannot be used in such a manner! If you insist on traveling down this path, I can slander you too!”

Su Hao felt some slight nervousness. Gao Yang had just managed to raise his defense.

“Nonsense?”

Zhang Zhongtian smiled, “My disciples do not number many. The only one who could catch my eyes was him alone. No matter if it is his his talent or capabilities, he is much stronger than the previous me. It is just a beginner pharmacist exam. I have trained him using much harder herbs. Despite this, he failed here? If you want confirmation, it is very simple. Just conduct the experiment on the spot.”

“This time around, I will be here witness it. All the pharmacists gathered here will witness it too. They will look at whether or not you make a move. When you’re not using dirty tricks, how will my disciple perform?”

Everyone secretly nodded.

Wasn’t this the most reasonable solution?

Everyone was staring at Gao Yang. Perhaps there really had been some tricks behind the scenes?

“He!”

Gao Yang suddenly laughed out loud. It was very a very strange sight.

“Since Master Zhang had said so, what is there for me to disagree with? In exams, there will always be both successes and failures. He has already failed two times, but he might succeed now. Therefore, I have an even better suggestion.”

“Oh?”

Zhang Zhongtian sneered as he looked at Gao Yang, “Let’s listen then.”

“Competition!”

Gao Yang pointed at another man in black on the scene, “This is my disciple, You Zhiming. His skill is just so-so and has just reached the level of a beginner pharmacist. He also only passed the exam this morning. Since Su Hao wants to take the exam, let him compete with my disciple. If he wins, I naturally have nothing to say. However, if he is to lose... I’m afraid he hasn’t met our standards yet.”

Experiments always relied on probabilities. Sitting for the exam wouldn’t really signify anything. For him to compete with You Zhiming who had just passed the exam was fairly reasonable.

Zhang Zhongtian didn’t even care, “Good. If so, let them compete then!”

“Alright, I will arrange for it.”

Gao Yang was jubilant on the inside.

No matter how strong you are, Zhang Zhongtian, I am still leading you by the nose! Compared to my disciple You Zhiming, your disciple is trash!

Was You Zhiming really a beginner pharmacist?

Wrong!

Under his guidance, You Zhiming had reached the peak of beginner pharmacist and was capable of becoming an intermediate pharmacist at any moment. He was actually quite outstanding. It was just that he was too lazy to participate in the exam. He would always be late to the exam. If not for Gao Yang’s reminders, he might have been tardy by half a year!

Today, they had originally intended to make a big show of things. He would participate in the beginner pharmacist exam in the morning and the intermediate exam in the afternoon. Zhang Zhongtian’s arrival had been unexpected though.

Both of them glanced at each other. You Zhiming already understood Gao Yang’s plan.

“Su Hao...”

You Zhiming was calm. How could he forget about this grandson tripping him at the front desk? At first, he had thought that Su Hao was the disciple of his master’s friend. He’d never thought that Su Hao would turn out to be the disciple of any enemy instead. Forget about someone who failed the beginner pharmacist exam, even a beginner pharmacist wasn’t anything in his eyes.

You Zhiming was confident in easily crushing him!

“Alright then everyone!”

The judges cleaned themselves and returned to the stage. Gao Yang and Zhang Zhongtian sat to either side of the judges. The stairs were completely filled with pharmacists. Almost every disciple of the Pharmacist Association had joined the crowd.

This was a hot competition!

Gao Yang’s disciple, You Zhiming, was competing against berserk master Zhang Zhongtian’s disciple!

Although it was only a duel for the beginner pharmacist exam, the significance of the result would be extraoadinary!

If You Zhiming won?

Master Zhang Zhongtian’s would lose all face. His disciple’s skills weren’t up to par and yet he dared to accuse others of playing tricks. Zhang Zhongtian’s accumulated fame would vanish. This was the reality of today’s society.

If Su Hao won?

Gao Yang would lose any remaining face. If Su Hao qualified to become a beginner pharmacist, that would mean that he had played some tricks during the previous experiments. Additionally, those judges would probably seek revenge for all the damage that they had suffered from the explosion.

A heavyweight clash.

Unexpectedly, both of the masters indifferently sat on the stage, as if they had the utmost confidence in their disciple.

The judges looked at each other for a moment before saying, “Bring the herbs here.”

Shua!

Two experiment tables were pushed up. On each table, a single portion of herbs was present. Both disciples only had one chance. The judges would score based on their respective performances.

When the experiment tables were pushed to the center, everyone’s expression took a sudden change. This herb...

On the experiment table, a crystal clear blue grass was lying inside the glassware, surrounded by a shining blue light.

“This...this is...star grass emperor!”

The judges exclaimed in shock, “It turned out to be such a rare herb!”

Star grass emperor!

All pharmacists were startled.

What was star grass emperor?

As the name suggested, it was the king among all star grass. It was said that for every patch of star grass, there would be one star grass emperor! When the star grass emperor died, the whole star grass population in the area would vanish. That was why star grass emperor was so precious!

In theory, star grass was one of the materials for origin ability recovery drug. Naturally, star grass emperor was no exception. In reality though, nobody dared to use star grass emperor for experiment!

This was not only due to its rarity and high price tag. The properties of the star grass emperor were so strong that it’d increase the unpredictability of an experiment by several fold, increasing the failure rate.

So far, the worst person that had managed to successfully mix the herb was at the intermediate level.

“This is madness!”

This was what everyone was thinking.

This was just the exam for a beginner pharmacist. Was it necessary to use star grass emperor? Yet, star grass emperor was still considered to be star grass. It was just that it would be difficult to mix later. Although everyone knew something fishy was going on, it was still within the borders of rationality.

Under normal circumstances, who would dare to use star grass emperor as a material for an examination?

The value of this grass was in the millions of star dollars.

“Gao Yang, what’re you trying to scheme?” Zhang Zhongtian suddenly stood up and glared at him, “Are you scared that Su Hao is going to succeed and expose your wrongdoings? Is that why you chose this type of herb?”

“Star grass emperor is something at a level which even intermediate pharmacists don’t have the confidence of completing.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0126 Time to win
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0126 Time to win

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“Calm down, Master Zhang.”

Gao Yang mocked, “Star grass emperor is still star grass. During exams, we usually use the harder versions, right? The appearance of the star grass emperor is out my my expectations as well. Also, won’t my disciple be using the same herb as well?”

Zhang Zhongtian glanced at You Zhiming’s side. Sure enough, You Zhiming’s table also had a star grass emperor.

“For your own sake, you really are going all out. Two star grass emperors are worth ten million, you really are something special.”

Zhang Zhongtian sneered, “In order to prevent Su Hao from completing his experiment, you even dragged your own disciple into deep water. Such a detestable heart. I don’t believe a beginner pharmacist can successfully use this grass.”

“Really?”

Gao Yang looked at his disciple and leisurely asked, “Xiao Ming, are you confident?”

“Yes!”

You Zhiming replied with conviction, “It’s just a star grass emperor, disciple can handle this!”

All the pharmacists were shocked. Was this kid for real? He had just passed the beginner pharmacist exam today. Don’t tell me that Gao Yang was really planning to have the both of them fail? Wasn’t that far too obvious?

Noticing the doubt within the crowd, Gao Yang smiled, “Nowadays, the young generation...is really impatient. The requirement for beginner pharmacists is to master origin ability recovery drug and body recovery drug. The medical properties shouldn’t matter, everything must be mastered. Although my disciple here isn’t that talented, I am still somewhat confident in him.”

Gao Yang looked at Zhang Zhongtian with ridicule, “Since you’re doubtful, let my disciple go first!”

“You Zhiming!”

“Here, master!” You Zhiming replied with a loud voice.

“Start the experiment! Let those people watching have a clear look at a true beginner pharmacist!” Gao Yang instructed in an imposing manner.

“Yes, master!”

You Zhiming loudly replied and returned to his station to begin preparing for the experiment.

Everyone’s eyes were wide open. The entire central hall was quiet. Whether it was the crowd or judges, everyone was paying attention to You Zhiming as he prepared the experiment tools.

Star grass emperor... This You Zhiming really went ahead and prepared it.

Perhaps...he really had such strength? However, this was something that many intermediate pharmacists didn’t dare touch. You Zhiming had just passed the beginner pharmacist exam today. If he could complete this experiment, his future was limitless!

Everyone was excitedly watching You Zhiming. Nobody noticed Zhang Zhongtian and Su Hao exchanging a glance among themselves. A smile flashed within their eyes.

It’s time to win!

Su Hao’s mouth showed traces of a smile. Under normal circumstances, his actual level was below that of an ordinary beginner pharmacist. After all, his experience was too shallow. He had been learning pharmacy for less than a month. Forget about star grass emperor, even if it was ordinary star grass, a moment’s carelessness would end up in failure.

But so what?

If You Zhiming knew that Su Hao had completed an origin ability liquid bomb with a single batch of materials, it’d be remarkable if he could show the same courage that he currently did. For Su Hao, the only thing he needed to worry about was time!

For each experiment, the standard duration was 1 hour.

The difficulty of star grass emperor was extremely high. Thus, Su Hao’s only fear was that he would run out of time. Luckily, his master had used a psychological attack to gain him some time.

Looking at the crowd, everyone was paying attention to You Zhiming. Su Hao’s eyes glanced over the entire table as he stood there motionless.

Model analysis, start!

Experiment modeling!

Shua!

The surrounding scene changed. His mind was ready to conduct the experiment. Su Hao even created a model of You Zhiming’s star grass emperor to analyze. The results showed that both grasses were carrying different properties. However, this didn’t matter. Such a result was sufficient for Su Hao.

Experiment, start!

Shua!

No protective cover, no prelude.

Su Hao immediately started the experiment within his mind. However, he hadn’t even reached the fermentation stage before it had already failed! As soon as he attempted to mix the herbs together, the experiment had ended in failure. Such a result was completely out of his expectations.

The medical properties were too strong!

The dominant star grass emperor directly engulfed the other herbs.

Origin ability recovery drug required three types of herbs. As a result, under the influence of star grass emperor, all the medical properties remaining in the mixture were that of star grass...

“Such a dominant herb!”

Su Hao readjusted his method before starting his experiment again!

The benefit of experiment modeling was that it was very convenient to restart from any point in time.

Once...

Twice...

Thrice...

Su Hao restarted his experiment again and again. The strong properties of the star grass emperor made Su Hao realize that he still had a while to go before becoming a qualified pharmacist.

Without protective cover or measurement, Su Hao’s progress was rapid.

On the outside, You Zhiming’s body recovery drug had just been completed. On the other hand, Su Hao had conducted ten trials which had all ended in failure!

Failed!

The failure rate was extremely high!

If this continued, then he would be in deep trouble. In these ten tries, Su Hao didn’t have the slightest clue what had gone wrong. In other words, even if he were to repeat the trial one hundred times, it would still probably end in failure. There were times when hard work was not enough to have a breakthrough. Su Hao felt that he had reached a bottleneck in his progress. The star grass emperor in front of him was like a gigantic mountain he had to scale.

Unless his skill in pharmacy improved, even if he did one thousand trials, the result would still be the same!

“Damn it!”

Su Hao cursed for a second. This thing was an existence that exceeded his understanding. It was like Zhang Zhongtian had said, it simply wasn’t something that a beginner pharmacist could handle. How would You Zhiming who had just passed the beginner pharmacist exam do it if he couldn’t?

Su Hao took a look at You Zhiming. He had already completed his body recovery drug and was preparing to begin on the origin ability recovery drug.

A dignified blue star grass emperor was on standby.

The body recovery drug had been completed smoothly. However, everyone knew that the second drug would be the true test. Under the watchful eyes of everyone, You Zhiming went on alert. He slowly picked up a portion of the herb for basic weight measurement.

You Zhiming followed the general rules due to the fact that he was being judged.

First, he measured the weight of the star grass emperor and the other herbs. Next, he calculated to proper dosage of each herb based on their medical properties. You Zhiming sat at the experiment table and carefully completed his formula. After he finished planning, he took a deep breath and began to prepare mixing the materials.

“His moves are skillful.”

Su Hao looked at You Zhiming’s actions. He had to admit, You Zhiming’s strength was definitely higher than any ordinary beginner pharmacist. For such a level of pharmacist to take the beginner pharmacist exam, wasn’t that a bit much?

Only God knew that Su Hao only wanted the power of beginner pharmacist. Since when did he have the time to bother with all this?

After finishing measurement, the following step would be key. Su Hao himself had failed countless times in adjusting the mixture to contain the correct amounts. What about You Zhiming?

Shua!

One by one, the herbs were inserted. Su Hao didn’t care about all of this. All his attention was given to the star grass emperor. He wanted to know how You Zhiming would successfully mix the star grass emperor into the mixture. After the other herbs were blended, You Zhiming began the deployment.

He first mixed the other two herbs and waited for them to successfully integrate. You Zhiming wiped the sweat off his forehead and slowly picked up the crystal clear blue star grass.

Shua!

The star grass emperor slowly entered the mixture. Its medical properties spread rapidly throughout it.

“Hong!”

Under the attention of the crowd, the liquid began to wildly move, as if it was aobut to rush out of its container.

Star grass emperor was trul deserving of its reputation. .

This You Zhiming, could he really control it?

The mixture was boiling hot and some white smoke even began to emerge. That wasn’t any gas, but some small white particles that had contaminated the star grass. Everyone who watched was thinking that he had failed.

However, at this time, You Zhiming’s eyes flashed. A faint blue light projected outward from his eyes. Two clear, yet visible blue rays were directly aimed at the star grass emperor.

Su Hao’s eyebrows twitched as he looked at the strange scene.

“This light... Could it be You Zhiming’s ability?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0127 Vibrating hand
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0127 Vibrating hand

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

You Zhiming!

Origin ability grade B, subtle observation.

A grade B ability, yet it was a detection type. If he were thrown into the natural selection class, he wouldn’t even qualify as a scrub. Even the qualifications to cover the rear was something he didn’t meet. However, there isn’t a strongest origin ability, but a strongest ability user! In battle, it was a pretty weak detection ability, but it played an important role in the Pharmacist Association.

This ability wasn’t anything special.

However, it was like a mysterious microscope when subtly observed. It was extremely convenient to carry around because it didn’t assume any shape.

In this experiment, it played a very crucial role.

When he activated this ability, the accuracy of the experiment would almost reach 100 percent. In the world of experiments, if you were to use this ability, you could double your success rate at the bare minimum!

Such a useful ability!

Despite having no combat ability, this origin ability was able to enter grade B based on its usefulness in pharmacy alone. No wonder Gao Yang had been so confident! It turned out that he had accepted an extremely talented disciple!

“A beginner pharmacist really can control this star grass emperor?”

Under the doubtful eyes of everyone, You Zhiming activated his observation ability. Under the blue light, his right hand gently swung. The floating white smoke was absorbed into the star grass emperor. A subtle reaction occurred nonstop within the mixture.

“This move...vibrating hand!”

Su Hao’s heart nearly jumped out of his chest as he released a string of curses.

He really cared so much about his face!

Vibrating hand was a standard move employed by pharmacists. Using vibrating hand, more precise operations could be conducted under subtle observation. Of course, none of this was important... What was more important was that vibrating hand was a requirement for intermediate pharmacists. In other words, You Zhiming’s skill had already reached the level of an intermediate pharmacist!

Gao Yang. That was a nice scheme you’ve prepared!

Was he really letting an intermediate pharmacist bully someone who was about to sit for the beginner pharmacist exam? Yet, it had been a single hour since You Zhiming had obtained his qualifications as a beginner pharmacist. That was why the crowd had nothing but admiration for You Zhiming’s talent as they watched the scene unfold.

Under the usage of vibrating hand, there weren’t any adjustments made to the liquid mixture. You Zhiming used the hot white smoke and star grass emperor to complete the mixture in mid air. As the star grass emperor and the mixture began to get acclimated to each other, he started mixing them together, ending in...success. A bottle with three herbs mixed together was freshly created.

And one of the herbs had been the star grass emperor, which cast fear upon all beginner pharmacists.

“Success!”

“Indeed worthy of being the disciple of vice president Gao. After witnessing the use of vibrating hand, I can estimate that he is about to breakthrough into an intermediate pharmacist despite having just finished the beginner pharmacist exam.”

Everyone was astounded.

You Zhiming slowly put down the liquid mixture on the table. He was now ready to carry out the final step of fermentation. At this time, half an hour had already passed.

Failed!

Failed!

Within Su Hao’s mind, he was still madly experimenting. However, they all ended in failure without exception! As he had mentioned before, this time, he really had encountered the bottleneck!

Gao Yang had used his disciple who was at the level of an intermediate pharmacist to compete with him. It was clearly an act of bullying, but so what? The only thing everyone was concerned with was the result!

This world was ruled by the law of the jungle. If you wanted justice, you had to seek it by yourself!

“Do I have to admit defeat?”

Su Hao took a deep breath. As if he was watching stars, he was now surrounded by the bright light of You Zhiming. In less than twenty minutes, You Zhiming completed the fermentation. His experiment had been completed. This time, Su Hao really was in deep trouble.

“Hu~”

Su Hao expelled a large burst of air from his lungs. A trace of light flashed within his eyes. Even without subtle observation, I will still complete this!

Model analysis, start!

Character modeling!

Shua!

Countless lights flashed by. Su Hao wanted to complete a character model and...it was that of You Zhiming! Su Hao didn’t hesitate to have a closer look. Sure enough, he saw a brightly illuminated card, intermediate pharmacy!

Sure enough!

Su Hao sneered. This You Zhiming hadn’t just mastered vibrating hand, but he himself was a truly intermediate pharmacist. For some reason, he hadn’t participated in the exam. Unfortunately for him, under model analysis, everything was stripped bare.

Card reading!

Shua!

Su Hao directly read this card. Because he already met the standards of a beginner pharmacist, it would be easy for him to read this intermediate pharmacy card.

“Card selection completed...intermediate pharmacy...model analyzing...model established...card model establishment completed...”

Soon, a gray card appeared within his mind.

Name: Intermediate Pharmacy

Grade: 2 stars

Description: Master this skill and you will meet the standards of an intermediate pharmacist. Then, you can produce appropriate drugs.

“2 stars...”

Su Hao pondered. Intermediate pharmacy turned out to be 2 stars? For this 2 star card to appear at this moment was a bad sign. In other words, more origin ability energy was needed.

Card, read!

“Hong!”

Su Hao didn’t hesitate to use all of the origin ability energy in his body on this. A terrifying stream of energy flowed through his body like a river, being consumer at a terrifying rate.

Sure enough!

Reading 2 star cards was pretty scary.

“Hua~”

Thanks to his failed experiments, he originally had only half of his gas tank left. At this time, every ounce of energy in his body was used up. Unfortunately, the progress of this card was only 20 percent!

“What do I do now?”

Su Hao’s mind rapidly moved. His origin ability wasn’t enough.

The quality of his energy was insufficient. Beginner origin ability recovery drug only had a tiny effect. Unless he were to drink countless bottles at once, it was simply not enough to fulfil the consumption of the intermediate pharmacy card. Currently, he didn’t had any methods to restore his energy.

What to do now?

As he was entangled in this dilemma, a light suddenly appeared in Su Hao’s mind. As he looked at You Zhiming who was some distance away, he thought...perhaps I actually do have a way to get out of this.

“Hua~”

You Zhiming carefully completed the fermentation process. After boiling for a brief moment, the liquid in the bottle calmed down. A glass of dark blue liquid appeared.

Origin ability recovery drug, success!

“I succeeded!”

“It’s too unbelievable. That is after all star grass emperor. Even most intermediate pharmacist couldn’t contain it. This You Zhiming actually completed it!”

“How much more effective is this origin ability recovery drug after being made from star grass emperor?”

“Ghost knows. However, it is definitely stronger than ordinary energy recovery drug. It might even be stronger than advanced origin ability recovery drug!”

“Yes, but since you said it like this, vice president Gao’s disciple is really talented. Would he really try to give Su Hao trouble with a disciple like this? I’m afraid Su Hao won’t even have the courage to compete now!”

Everyone was talking about it.

With the completion, the atmosphere had completely changed. This time, it didn’t matter whether or not Gao Yang had played some tricks. You Zhiming’s brilliant performance, signified that the Pharmacist Association had another genius. By being able to master vibrating hand after just officially becoming beginner pharmacist and successfully using the star grass emperor, he was indeed a genius among geniuses.

Hearing the cheers from crowd, You Zhiming wiped the sweat on his forehead. Finally, he was able to relax.

He casually poured the cup of origin ability energy recovery into bottles. Soon ten blue bottles of origin ability energy recovery drug were placed on top of the table. The origin ability energy recovery drug had been officially completed.

“Not bad!”

The judges from the stage looked at this stunning scene and gave You Zhiming full marks.

At this moment when You Zhiming was proud of himself, Su Hao casually walked over, “Wow, senior completed everything already? Huh, indeed worthy of being vice president Gao’s disciple. However, finishing it doesn’t mean that you have succeeded. This origin ability recovery drug must have the effect too. If you’ve simply created a bunch of useless drugs, it would be considered a loss, right?”

“Heng!”

You Zhiming mocked him, “There were no mistakes during the experiment. How could there be any useless drugs. Is it because you don’t dare to do the experiment that you’re trying to find fault with me?”

Su Hao smiled indifferently, “Whether it is a useless drug or not, won’t we know once we try?”

After saying so, Su Hao grabbed a bottle of the fresh origin ability recovery drug. Under the shocked expressions of everyone, he opened the cap and consumed it in one go.

“Gudong!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0128 Pulling a chestnut from a fire
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0128 Pulling a chestnut from a fire

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGuummies

“Gudong!”

In just two gulps, Su Hao consumed the entire bottle of origin ability recovery drug. The crowd was stunned.

This Su Hao, had he gone mad?

That was a drug made from a star grass emperor! This wasn’t any ordinary energy recovery drug. Nobody knew just how terrifying its effects were. It was said that there was a master that had created origin ability recovery drug from a star grass emperor. Its effects were rumored to have been comparable to the highest quality recovery drug out there.

Although You Zhiming was only beginner pharmacist, with the support of the strong medical properties of the star grass emperor, the effect of this drug couldn’t be weak.

Everyone looked at Su Hao who had consumed the whole bottle in horror. He raised his brows and touched his chin, “Strange... I don’t feel anything.”

Pu~

Everyone fell to the ground.

He didn’t feel anything? Brother, do you think this is a snack? However, as they look at Su Hao’s complacent expression, everyone felt slightly strange. Even when consuming ordinary recovery drugs, there would be a mild reaction. Perhaps, You Zhiming truly had created a useless drug?

“Let me try again.”

With his poker face, Su Hao raised his hand and picked up another bottle. Once again, the whole bottle was consumed.

“Gudong!”

“Gudong!”

“Hong!”

Energy surged into his body like a large stream of a fast flowing river. Su Hao’s expression didn’t change whatsoever, but he immediately went to increase the progress of the intermediate pharmacy card.

“Hong!”

The card which had reached the halfway mark to completion steadily improved, growing brighter.

Sixty percent...

Seventy percent...

Eighty percent...

...

Once the progress reached ninety percent, the stream of energy dried up. The energy within his body returned to a neutral state. Su Hao’s face had remained emotionless throughout this entire process. He then said, “There’s still no reaction.”

After finishing his sentence, without even waiting for others’ response, he grabbed yet another bottle.

“Gudong!”

“Heng!”

The energy in his body headed directly towards the remaining ten percent of the intermediate pharmacy card. The surging energy filled the last ten percent almost instantly before restoring Su Hao’s origin ability energy to its maximum.

One bottle of this origin ability recovery drug had such a great effect!

This was indeed worthy of being the product of a star grass emperor!

“Hong!”

Su Hao wrinkled his eyebrows. Countless messy memories and pieces of knowledge had entered his mind. These was the knowledge pertaining to intermediate pharmacy!

All the details which You Zhiming had learnt... The drug that You Zhiming was best at... Gao Yang taught him the knowledge required for intermediate pharmacist... You Zhiming’s failures and summaries for preparing drugs... Almost every detail relating to intermediate pharmacy was imprinted into Su Hao’s mind.

After being bombarded with an influx of knowledge, Su Hao took several dozen seconds to sort everything.

Such a scene was shocking to everyone... There had been no reaction again?!

Damn!

Impossible!

You Zhiming had been so energetic just now. Could it be that the drugs he had made were really useless?

Even You Zhiming himself felt alarmed. It couldn’t be... To use a star grass emperor was still something he had confidence in doing. After all, he belonged to the intermediate pharmacist category. How could the difference be so outrageous?

However, while everyone was still confused and shocked, Su Hao casually opened his eyes and said, “The effect is strong. Worthy of being the product of star grass emperor. It is much stronger than beginner recovery drug.”

Strong?

This sentence of Su Hao nearly choked You Zhiming to death.

If it was so strong, how could your face be so calm? Drinking three bottles without a reaction, wasn’t this simpler than drinking boiled water? Stronger than beginner origin ability recovery drug... Although the materials were the same, how was their tier even comparable? If his drug was comparable to ordinary beginner recovery drug, You Zhiming would smash his head into the wall.

Was it really that weak?

Inexplicably, everyone had the same thought.

“Kacha!”

You Zhiming opened a bottle and poured it into his mouth.

“Gudong!”

“Hong!”

Violent energy suddenly surged inside You Zhiming’s body. His face instantly turned green. As this violent energy ravaged his body, he quickly sat cross legged and activated origin ability transition technique to calm down the energy within his body. Even so, a trace of blood could be seen in the corner of his mouth.

Su Hao casually said, “Senior, I already said the effect is strong. Why’re you acting so recklessly...”

“...”

You Zhiming and the crowd were speechless.

Wiping the blood from his mouth, You Zhiming stared at him hatefully. This Su Hao had tricked him again!

“Su Hao, you don’t have to play such games.” Gao Yang said in a mocking tone, “If you are willing to admit defeat, just get the hell out. I can still reluctantly forgive you two for besmirching my good name.”

“Really?”

Su Hao laughed, “Since senior You has completed his drug, it is my turn now.”

After saying so, Su Hao headed toward his own experiment table. Everyone’s attention was now placed on him.

This Su Hao...

Can he really handle the star grass emperor?

Su Hao casually stood there motionless.

Model analysis, start!

Experiment modeling!

Shua!

The scenery changed. This time, Su Hao was full of self confidence.

The experiment and materials were the same, yet the feeling was completely different.

First trial!

Su Hao spent some time to familiarize with his newfound knowledge. Despite using all the new techniques he had learned, the result was still failure!

Second trial!

After being more familiar now, Su Hao removed all the useless methods. Once again, he began mixing the materials only to fail again!

Without You Zhiming’s subtle observation, Su Hao’s mixture was making his life difficult.

“I still can’t pass this stage?”

Su Hao smiled. You Zhiming had used his subtle observation to forcefully weaken the reaction in order to avoid any explosions. However, Su Hao didn’t need to do so.

He just needed to know when it would explode and avoid that point next time. Using the same drug and same model, he definitely wouldn’t make the same mistake twice.

Third trial!

Failed. It exploded while one-third finished.

Fourth time!

Failed. It failed at sixty percent progress.

Fifth time!

Failed. It exploded during origin ability fermentation.

He had finally broken through the mixing stage. However, this wasn’t anything to be proud of. For the current Su Hao that possessed the knowledge of an intermediate pharmacist, the deployment of the star grass emperor after this many trials shouldn’t be an issue.

The sixth time!

“Hong!”

The mixture was boiling from the reaction. As it was mixed together with the fermentation drug, a variety of colors appeared within the mixture. As splashes of liquid exited into the surroundings, the mixture gradually calmed down into a blue liquid.

Origin ability recovery drug, succeeded!

Su Hao happily looked at this blue liquid. Sure enough, after he had reached the standards of an intermediate pharmacist, he had finally managed to complete this drug.

On the outside, everyone looked at Su Hao with surprise.

From the start, everyone had been looking forward to Su Hao’s performance. However, they noticed that Su Hao hadn’t moved a single finger. His eyes were just staring at the star grass emperor as if there was something terrifying growing on it.

Three minutes later, Su Hao still hadn’t made a move.

After five minutes, there was still no response.

Ten minutes later... Su Hao still maintained in the same position.

“What’s the situation here?”

Finally, someone couldn’t bear it any longer.

“Don’t know... Perhaps he is calculating something complex for the drug?”

“Really? Three to five minutes should be sufficient. Ten minutes, isn’t this a bit too long?”

You Zhiming sneered, “He’s trying to deceive everyone. If you can’t manage it, just quit early. What’s the point in dragging this out?”

Zhang Zhongtian glanced at him, “The duration for the experiment exam is one hour, shut the f*ck up!”

You Zhiming became silent. He didn’t dare to challenge this berserk master with his puny physique. After all, he was an existence stronger than his own master!

Gao Yang sneered, eager to watch this joke unfold.

However, Su Hao suddenly looked up. A bright flash could be seen within his eyes as he raised a hand to grab the star grass emperor!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0129 Each staggering step
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0129 Each staggering step

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“What is he trying to do?”

Everyone was surprised. Su Hao had remained still for so long, only to immediately start with the star grass emperor. Even You Zhiming had been forced to mix the other herbs first before slowly adjust the conditions for including the star grass emperor into the mixture. This Su Hao, just what was he trying to do?

Shua!

Shua!

Su Hao began to move. Both hands smoothly danced within the air. One by one, each herb was picked up confidently and then added to the mixture.

Almond grass, in!

Sweet grass, in!

Star grass, in!

And others...

What was the last one he put in?

Star grass emperor!

“He really put it in!”

Everyone was dumbfounded!

The could clearly see that all three herbs had been mixed together at once, as if he was creating an ordinary batch of origin ability recovery drug. Other than the different quantities of each herb, the order was basically the same. It was as if the star grass emperor wasn’t any different from ordinary star grass.

Was there really no difference?

“Hong!”

As soon as the star grass emperor was put in, the originally tame liquid mixture boiled over. The star grass emperor was about to release its powerful medicinal properties.

The boiling hot mixture bubbled, causing a few drops to spill from the container.

“Mad! This guy is mad!”

“Damn, this thing isn’t something to play around with! I have a bad feeling that it could explode at any time!”

“Yes, yes. This guy is crazier than me while conducting experiments!”

All the pharmacists watched this extremely disturbing scene, staring at the glassware which could burst at any moment.

You Zhiming grinned, this retard... Did he really think that the star grass emperor was like any ordinary grass? Could you just drop it in like that? I predict the glassware will explode in a few minutes.

Gao Yang also smiled within his eyes. This disciple of Zhang Zhongtian was really only at such a level. Too ignorant! It was really not worthy for him to get worried over this. It seemed as if he had overestimated Su Hao. He turned to have a look at Zhang Zhongtian and surprisingly, the berserk master’s expression hadn’t changed at all, as if he had no worries whatsoever.

“Acting!”

Gao Yang sneered within his heart, “Let me see how long are you going to act!”

However, he didn’t know that Zhang Zhongtian really wasn’t worried at all. Before Su Hao made his move, Zhang Zhongtian had worried that his model experimenting might have failed. However, once Su Hao’s hands began to move, any remaining worries dissipated. He knew that once Su Hao’s hands moved, the model experiment had been a success!

“This little brat improved yet again!”

Zhang Zhongtian revealed the trace of a smile in the corner of his mouth.

There were a multitude of reactions within the crowd. However, Su Hao’s didn’t stop moving for a single second. In just a few moments, he had completed the mixing process. The liquid mixture was boiling at a terrifying rate.

“Chi...”

Su Hao added a few drops of cold water. The boiling mixture instantly cooled down, before rising to an even higher level than before! As the liquid mixture within the glassware was about to overflow, Su Hao took out origin ability fermentation drug.

Everyone wore an expression as if they were watching a madman.

What is origin ability fermentation drug...? This drug was a concentration of origin ability energy. Under circumstances where an explosion could occur at anytime, this guy was adding fermentation drug? Was this guy courting his own death?

“Chi...”

With a drop of origin ability fermentation drug, the boiling mixture instantly cooled down, returning to its previously peaceful state.

After another drop, the cooled liquid instantly began to boil again. Everyone was in a state of alert.

Another drop. The liquid mixture cooled down once again.

Another drop...

...

The crowd was dumbfounded as Su Hao added drop after drop. Everyone was fearful toward the liquid level, both high and low, boiling and cooling. Such a scene was enough to torture them to death.

High!

Low!

High!

Low!

Everyone seemed to get used to the rhythm. After it began boiling again, Su Hao added yet another drop. This time, it became even more aggressive, as if there was a snake dragon dancing within the glassware. It appeared as if the entire thing could burst with just a little push.

“Xiu!”

Su Hao decisively added dozens of drops of drugs into the mixture. The mixture that was currently undergoing the boiling stage went berserk.

“Hong!”

A strange mixture of colored water rushed several meters into the air like a forceful fountain, shocking the crowd. What was even more surprising was the liquid returned to the glassware without leaving behind a single drop. It rose up once again, although to a lower altitude, before returning to the glassware. This process was repeated several times before finally subsiding.

Su Hao took a deep breath and added the final drop.

“Peng!”

Countless strange colors rolled and warped within the liquid mixture. A terrifying energy began to accumulate. Everyone on the scene turned green. This... Wasn’t this the precursor to an explosion?

The accumulated energy grew stronger as time passed.

Just as the crowd thought it was about to explode, it quietly cooled down, resuming its calm state. It gradually changed color until it reached a shade of blue similar to that of ordinary energy recovery drug.

Su Hao smiled indifferently. He then poured the completed drug into ten bottles.

Beginner origin ability recovery drug, completed!

All the pharmacists glanced at each other... This...this had already concluded? Only a few minutes had passed! And...it was a success?! A dignified star grass emperor was conquered just like that?

The same result.

You Zhiming used a total of forty minutes. He had cautiously interpreted and executed every step in detail. Although there were some thrills during the process, it had been a relatively tame affair for the most part. Su Hao, on the other hand, had used a total of three minutes to put on a riveting show for everyone to feast upon!

Every step within these three minutes had been staggering!

It had felt like an explosion was imminent at every step of the process, yet nothing had happened. There weren’t any twists or turns. Every crisis had been easily solved. Su Hao’s aggressive, yet smooth actions had easily tamed this difficult experiment.

Once the experiment finished, everyone remained in thought. They were filled to the brim with amazement!

Whether it was time, process, psychological state, or skill fluency, You Zhiming had paled in comparison to Su Hao. Additionally, You Zhiming had broken into a cold sweat whereas Su hao had simply casually moved his hands. This was a perfect example of two extremes!

Su Hao actually had such capability?

Although everyone had been focused on the liquid reaction, if they recalled properly, Su Hao had also used the vibrating hand during the process. This was the symbol for qualified intermediate pharmacists, yet had appeared from two beginner pharmacists at the same time. This was an incredible feat!

You Zhiming’s face wasn’t looking great. He looked at Su Hao in disbelief. He succeeded just like that?

He couldn’t understand it!

He really couldn’t understand it!

From the beginning, Su Hao had obviously been at the level of a beginner pharmacist. How could he suddenly know vibrating hand? Also, that violent star grass emperor was easily tamed under Su Hao’s touch. There hadn’t been any issues whatsoever... Was this beginner’s luck?

You Zhiming obviously couldn’t understand!

However, if he was to analyze the situation with a calm mind, it was actually pretty simple.

Su Hao and You Zhiming were both at the level of an intermediate pharmacist. You Zhiming used his subtle observation to complete his experiment. The same thing happened with Su Hao. Using his own ability, model analysis, he completed the experiment.

They’d both utilized the same strength, only with different abilities.

As everyone was in a daze, they noticed Su Hao begin to move again. He started his experiment once again.

Shua!

Shua!

Shua!

In one minute, the experiment was completed. Ten bottles of body recovery drug were placed on top of his table.

Everyone suddenly understood.

You Zhiming had started with body recovery drug whereas Su Hao had first completed beginner origin ability recovery drug. Because of the presence of the star grass emperor, this body recovery drug became a simple experiment. That was why Su Hao was able to complete it faster.

“Fellow judges, I have finished. Feel free to examine them.”

Su Hao respectfully reported to the seven judges in front.

The seven judges glanced at each other. The truth... This was Su Hao’s real strength! He was almost comparable to the standards of an intermediate pharmacist!

Could he fail while creating body recovery drug with this amount of skill?

It was naturally impossible!

Just look at him now. He was incredibly relaxed. Not only had he completed body recovery drug, he had been able to produce origin ability recovery drug made from a star grass emperor. If so, then why had he previously failed twice?

What else could it be?

Gao Yang must have played some tricks!

Thinking of this, all the judges looked at Gao Yang with anger. They never would have thought that vice president Gao Yang, with his pleasant outward demeanor, would turn out to have such a despicable nature. All of their hatred towards Su Hao was transferred to Gao Yang.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0130 Not entirely true nor false
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0130 Not entirely true nor false

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

After noticing the glares from all the pharmacists gathered here, Gao Yang’s face turned green.

Truthfully, his face had been green from the moment that Su Hao had succeeded. Later on, when Su Hao had been about to complete the body recovery drug, he was prepared to interfere. However, as he looked at the smirk on Zhang Zhongtian’s face, he could only sigh.

If he made a move, Zhang Zhongtian would notice it. Additionally, Su Hao had already tamed the star grass emperor. How hard could it possibly be for him to create body recovery drug? If he really had interfered, he would have only dug himself into a deeper pit.

“Vice president Gao, it seems that I have won.”

Zhang Zhongtian grinned.

Coldly staring at Zhang Zhongtian, Gao Yang’s eyes flashed, “What’re you trying to do?”

Zhang Zhongtian casually replied, “That will depend on vice president Gao.”

“What do you meant?” Gao Yang said coldly.

With a bright tone, Zhang Zhongtian said, “Hehe, I heard that vice president Gao obtained the formula for seven extinction drug a few days ago?”

Gao Yang’s facial expression changed as his pupils contracted, “How did you know?”

“You don’t have to worry about that.” Zhang Zhongtian casually continued, “The formula for seven extinction drug along with Su Hao’s certification as a beginner pharmacist should be enough. Otherwise, I don’t mind sending something to headquarters. I wonder if they will start investigating you once they receive the enws. Based on your actions in Jinhua City, I don’t believe your hands would be clean after so many years, right?”

Gao Yang’s face turned ashen.

“You dare threaten me?”

“Aiya, how could you say this a threat?” Zhang Zhongtian sinisterly laughed, “We have been colleagues for so many years. This should be considered a form of cooperation.”

Gao Yang looked at Zhang Zhongtian for a long time before uttering a single word, “Alright!”

In fact, regarding Su Hao’s certification, he had nothing to say. Even if he disagreed, the judges would still forcefully bring Su Hao into the community. Even as a vice president, he didn’t have complete authority over the association. Later on, when the president came back, he might not even be able to live peacefully!

The real reason behind his sadness was the formula for the seven extinction drug.

He had only possessed it for a few days and hadn’t had the opportunity to study it yet. Yet, this Zhang Zhongtian knew about it? This was something which he had only been able to exchange for at an incredible cost to him. And yet, he had to had it over to Zhang Zhongtian... He felt as if his heart had been stabbed by a knife. If only he’d been a president. How would he possibly be this weak if that was the case?

As he looked at Su Hao and Zhang Zhongtian’s backs as they left the scene, Gao Yang bitterly clenched his fist. A light flashed in his eyes. The position of president... This old man must get it...wonder how long will it take...

Outside of the Pharmacist Association.

Su Hao was puzzled as he asked, “Master, why don’t you report him? This kind of matter, the Pharmacist Association shouldn’t be able to tolerate it.”

“Heh.”

Zhang Zhongtian smiled, “Although Gao Yang is narrow minded, he isn’t someone who is easy to deal with. If you underestimate him, you’d be make a grave mistake. This person is like a rabid dog. If you want to kill him, you must do so immediately. Otherwise, it is better not to drive him into a corner. If driven to a state of despair, there’s nothing he isn’t capable of doing.”

Su Hao understood.

With Gao Yang’s influence in Jianghe City after all these years, Su Hao couldn’t imagine what he was capable of if he was backed into a corner.

“You don’t have to worry about Gao Yang. Since you have obtained your certification, you can go and take care of your business.” Zhang Zhongtian said this in a hushed tone, but revealed a portion of his domineering aura.

“Yes, master!”

Su Hao nodded and then left.

In the police station.

Su Hao entered with gusto, alerting countless people inside.

“Su Hao?”

The police officer guarding the front gate blocked Su Hao’s path. He was sweating profusely as he courageously barred him from entering. The previous incident had occurred not too long ago. It was impossible for him to have forgotten this evil star. He never thought that Su Hao would return after just a few days. Bureau chief He who had finally conceded was fresh in his mind. He dared not offend such people.

“Hello, I’m here for some inquiries.” Su Hao went straight to the point.

“Oh, an inquiry, yeah?” The police officer let out a sigh of relief, “No problem, enter the large hall and turn right. The third registration table is the one for inquiries.”

“Alright, thanks.”

Su Hao nodded and then headed upstairs.

Along the way, every officer he encountered attempted to evade his path.

Su Hao went straight to the third registration table. A young man with glasses was sitting there, “Hello, is there anything I can help with?”

Su Hao smiled, “Hello, I would like to inquire about the address and family of a friend. If I provide the name, can you help me check it?”

That young man was startled and looked at Su Hao in alert, “Please show me the relevant documents and provide your relationship with the one you are searching for. If there is any direct relationship or you’re husband and wife, we can help investigate for you. If not, we can’t help you with this.”

“Oh, so it’s like this.”

Su Hao smiled and stood up.

Xia!

The nearby officers were startled. This guy couldn’t possible be about to rampage in anger, right...? If he really started to destroy the police station again, it would be very troublesome. This person relied on his military merits, not bothering with any of them. In theory, they could transfer it to the military department, but the people over there loved concealing things the most! Unless it was someone who was actively disturbing the peace, they wouldn’t make a move.

In the hall, Su Hao took a cup of drinking water. After drinking a mouthful, he looked down at his communication device on his wrist. A smirk could be seen on his mouth, “Five minutes, bureau chief He must be arriving anytime soon.”

Yet another five minutes passed.

As he expected, bureau chief He arrived soon.

Peng!

The door of the police station was thrown open. Bureau chief He entered in a rush. His face had a terrible expression on it. All the police on the scene looked downward, not daring to voice out.

“Su Hao!”

Bureau chief He said coldly, “Why are you here again?”

Su Hao smiled indifferently, “To inquire about some information. That little brother said I don’t have enough authority. Luckily, you came at the right time. Help me check for what I need.”

“...”

Bureau chief He looked at Su Hao in disbelief. What did he say just now?

Help him check information?

This guy is mad!

“Su Hao! You really think this is your backyard?” Bureau chief He sneered, “Even if you did have the proper authorization, you can forget about getting any information today! Previously, it was because of Sun Yaotian’s matter that I wa sunable to teach you a lesson. Today, you presented yourself to my doorstep. Whether or not you believe it, I might even bar you from leaving for several days!”

“Really?”

Su Hao smiled. His device opened. As the virtual screen projected outward, an identity nameplate appeared on top, “What about if...I add this too?”

Bureau chief He glanced for a second, his pupils suddenly contracting.

Beginner pharmacist!

Damn, Su Hao had even joined the Pharmacist Association?

Shua!

Bureau chief He opened the police system. He quickly investigated the information of Su Hao. Sure enough, in the career column belong to Su Hao, there was a newly added beginner pharmacist tag along with the previous student tag.

“So what if it is the Pharmacy Association?”

Bureau chief He gritted his teeth, “The Pharmacist Association is not related to the government! Even if you’re the president, if I don’t allow you to inquire, you won’t be able to obtain a single piece of information.”

“This, if so...”

Su Hao sighed, “Bureau chief, you have to reconsider. Is it worth offending the Pharmacist Association for the Sun family? Oh yeah, I forget to inform you about this. My master is a real master in pharmacy. Ah, ten years ago, he had already become a vice president. As of now, countless pharmacists know his name from the pharmacists’ introduction book. Are you sure that you want me to invite this old man to personally make his move?”

Bureau chief He was on high alert.

A drug master...

Already a vice president ten years ago...

The pharmacist’s introduction book had his master’s name...

These three criteria, if any one of them appeared, it was more than enough to shake all of Jianghe City. A person with such achievements turned out to be Su Hao’s master?

Bureau chief He swallowed a bit of saliva. He looked at the officer bside him.

The officer nodded slightly.

Bureau chief He bitterly smiled.

It turned out to be true!

This officer was a crucial existence to the police station. His grade C origin ability was able to differentiate from lies and the truth. He could easily judge tell who was lying. Previously, there had been a case involving a criminal with 18 points of origin ability. With his ability to differentiate between the truth and lies, they were ultimately able to solve the case.

If what he said was true, it was true!

With Su Hao’s current ability, he couldn’t fake it.

And if it was true...it was definitely not someone he could offend. At this moment, bureau chief He suddenly understood one thing. As immortals fought each other, the little devils would be the ones suffering! He just wanted to climb onto the Sun family’s big tree. He hadn’t even managed to obtain many benefits before many troubles had come chasing after him!

Damn it!

I quit!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0131 Great lord Zhang
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0131 Great lord Zhang

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

Damn it!

I quit!

Bureau chief He raged. There were so many big families in Jianghe City. Did he have to choose the Sun family? Couple with the incident concerning the blue dream butterfly, he made up his mind. By taking advantage of his limited relationship with the Sun family, he would break it off once and for all! It just so happened that the Zhou family had recently extending an olive branch towards him. He would jump ships to the Zhou family.

Thinking of this, Bureau chief He made a firm decision.

“Alright, I will give you the authority run an inquiry. But I also have a request. You must write off any past incidents between us.”

Su Hao’s eyes lit up.

The permission to inquire was expected, but that last sentence by Bureau chief He was an unexpected surprise. This meant that he had decided to cut off relations with the Sun family.

“Great!”

Su Hao immediately agreed.

That officer named Xiao Li was called over once again. As he looked at Su Hao and the bureau chief, he quickly grasped the situation and bitterly smiled, “What information did you want to check for? I will check it for you now.”

“No need.”

Su Hao smiled indifferently. He opened his own communication device and linked it to the police system, “Just grant me permission. I will look into it myself.”

Xiao Li was stunned. Grant him permission?

Such an act was similar to revealing all the available data in the police station to Su Hao! As Xiao Li thought of this, he hastily looked at the bureau chief.

Bureau chief He pondered for a moment before nodding.

Since he wanted to reconcile things between them, he had to be generous. Anyways, he was here too. Su Hao wouldn’t be able to do anything nonsensical in just a couple minutes.

Shua!

Communication connected!

Permission granted!

For a few minutes, Su Hao’s ID would have the authority of a police station.

Su Hao didn’t waste any time. He entered the police database and entering the words “Zhang Yating”.

Shua!

Countless people sharing the name Zhang Yating appeared. In Jianghe city, there were fifty-six people named Zhang Yating!

“Ca!”

Su Hao felt helpless. This result was out of his expectations!

Su Hao clicked the download button, saving all pertinent information information relating to Zhang Yating into his communication device. Suddenly, he had an idea pop into his head. He selected every single entity in Jianghe City and downloaded all of their information!

They had all been downloaded!

Su Hao actually planned to download every citizen’s database in Jianghe City.

If bureau chief He saw this, he would instantly stop Su Hao from doing so. Unfortunately for him, the virtual screen had been set to privacy mode. The bureau chief could only see Su Hao’s expression.

In reality, bureau chief He wasn’t acting with negligence. Under most circumstances, such an act was simply impossible.

The reason for this was because there was simply too much data!

The entire database of the people in Jianghe City, how huge was that? Even the police required countless terabytes of storage to store it all. Su Hao’s communication device was so small. How much could it possibly save?

Unfortunately, bureau chief He was ignorant about the various popular technologies that had arisen in the market. There was a service called cloud storage that was extremely popular. It allowed local data to be uploaded to the internet. The data that Su Hao was currently downloading wasn’t saved inside his device, but into his cloud storage!

“Yi?”

Su Hao said in surprise, “This...”

“What happened?”

Bureau chief He noticed Su Hao’s strange expression and suddenly asked.

Su Hao wrinkled his eyebrows, “I want to find someone. Why are there so many repetitions?”

Bureau chief He chuckled within his heart. This bookworm’s knowledge was actually this limited. Even if he had learned a lot in school, he’d still be trash upon entering society! You may understand a lot about combat, but many other things can only be learned through experience!

“Haha.”

Bureau chief He coughed for a bit, “Jianghe City had so many people. During a search, there will naturally be many people with the same name. If you need to, you can add more conditions to your search. May I know the name of the person you’re looking for?”

“Zhang Wei.”

Su Hao sighed.

Bureau chief He was speechless. The name Zhang Wei was one of the most common throughout the entire world. In Jianghe City alone, there were over 8600 people named Zhang Wei. Over these years, the only name that could compete with Zhang Wei was none other than Jie Ke!

If he really wanted to check one by one, how was he going to finish?

“Are there any other details?”

“Well, let me try.” Su Hao tapped for a bit on the screen, “Zhang Wei...23 years old...male...student... Wow, it came out. Only ten left!”

Su Hao said this with excitement. Then, he quickly tapped several locations on the screen.

Two minutes later, Su Hao closed the communication device in satisfaction, “I’m finished, I’ve already downloaded the databases of these ten people. There shouldn’t be any problems.”

“En.”

Bureau chief He nodded and offered his right hand, “I hope that we can keep cooperating!”

Su Hao smiled as he stretched out the same hand, “I hope for the same.”

A handshake represented that their hostility turned into friendship.

With the data in his grasp, Su Hao left in satisfaction. Bureau chief He sent Su Hao off with a smile. Only once he couldn’t see the figure of Su Hao did he gloomily glance at the officer beside him, “You’re sure?”

The officer nodded, “What Su Hao said about a pharmacist was true, but after further investigation, the person he mentioned turned out to be fake. There wasn’t any truth in his words.”

“Heng!”

Bureau chief sneered. Zhang Wei? You can’t lie to me! You thought you could hide what information you were searching for? Bureau chief He had been working in the police station for more than ten years. He had even participated in the designing of the software for the station. He obviously didn’t know much about coding and other aspects, but he had lobbied for certain designs and features.

Under his request, technology had been implemented that allowed him to monitor the movements of every officer in the police system!

“I want to see just what you’re searching the database for!”

Bureau chief He sneered and activated his virtual screen. After entering with his admin privileges, he saw the temporary permissions granted by Xiao Li. However, when he tracked the progress of that user, nothing was there!

“What happened?”

There wasn’t anyone under the temporary permission?

Bureau chief He was shocked. This was impossible! Su Hao just used this permission... Wrong! Bureau chief He came to a sudden realization and bitterly smiled.

Damn it...

This Su Hao...

No wonder he was a bookworm. He had studied a variety range of knowledge! If you studied fighting, that was fine! If you studied pharmacy, that was fine as well! But you even went and studied coding? Are you even trying to allow others the chance to live?

Bureau chief He cursed himself, but ended up helpless.

As Su Hao had disconnected from the server, he had made sure to clear any traces of his actions. At the same time, all movements related to his session were gone!

Normal police accounts naturally couldn’t do this. Even if your traces were deleted, there would be backup files.

However, Su Hao’s temporary account had been much more convenient because it was made by bureau chief He. This type of account existed because it could be conveniently deleted at anytime, but still leave traces. When Su Hao disconnected from the system, he could delete the account. However, bureau chief He never expected him to remove any traces of his actions too.

Normal police account naturally couldn’t do this. Even if traces were deleted, there would still be backup file.

“Su Hao...”

Bureau chief He pondered for a moment. He felt an inexplicable sense of relief. At the very least, he had managed to reconcile things with Su Hao, who possessed a terrifying background. He would rather pass on a figure like this to the Sun family to deal with. As for the data, Su Hao wouldn’t have been able to compromise anything in just a few minutes.

Of course, Bureau chief He obviously didn’t know that the terrifying background was nothing but a figment of his own imagination.

Oh, of course he actually was a master of drugs! But he was just a dismissed master! There were no relationship between him and the Pharmacist Association. The current master Zhang could only rely on himself to finance his experiments.

Ten years ago, he was a vice president?

Of course, but that was a decade ago... That had been the peak of his popularity. Now, he was just a businessman!

His name was in the pharmacist’s introduction book?

Of course! It was just that it was different from what Bureau chief He imagined. All the information concerning Zhang Zhongtian was the total opposite of what he expected. This berserk master was simply an example to prevent new pharmacists from following his route.

As for those several minutes...

Su Hao had downloaded every character database from the police system!

Through Su Hao’s half-truths and lies, this bureau chief had been played thoroughly!

What type of police station didn’t have a method to differentiate between the truth and lies? Naturally, they all did! Whether it was an origin ability tool or origin ability talent, they were all accurate. With both of them combined, they could distinguish almost every lie from the truth. That was why Su Hao’s half-truths had been able to trick them into misunderstanding!

And this was the result which Su Hao desired!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0132 Killing technique
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0132 Killing technique

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

After returning home, the blue dream butterfly was extremely excited, eager to learn more.

“Don’t worry.”

Su Hao smiled as he activated the virtual screen. He then loaded the data of all fifty-six people named Zhang Yating. Together with the blue dream butterfly, Su Hao looked at the data.

The first one, nope!

Second, no!

...

Twentieth, no!

...

Fiftieth, no!

Su Hao’s face didn’t look too good. The blue dream butterfly laid on his shoulder in disappointment. They had read through the information of fifty entries, yet hadn’t managed to find a single one that referred to her.

There were six entries remaining!

Su Hao opened all six photos at once, but only disappointment awaited them once again.

“There’s really nothing about you!”

Su Hao’s heart skipped a beat. Since there wasn’t anything relating to her, it meant that she didn’t originate from Jianghe City. The task of finding her was now like finding a needle in a haystack. Jianghe City alone had fifty-six people named Zhang Yating. If he was to consider the entire world, he couldn’t imagine how many that would be.

After seeing the blue dream butterfly’s look of disappointment, Su Hao laughed, “Don’t worry, we will surely find out one day. You see, I can even get information from Jianghe City’s police department. I will do the same in other places. When we have time, I will accompany you to other places to search.”

The blue dream butterfly was startled. She flew up and stared at Su Hao in shock.

Searching city by city... This was a large promise! If it were others who had said this, she certainly wouldn’t have believed it. Su Hao’s words could definitely be trusted though!

“Thanks!”

A sweet and soft voice echoed through Su Hao’s mind as the blue dream butterfly flew in front of Su Hao.

Su Hao teased, “Let’s talk after we find your family. At that time, I wouldn’t mind if you handed over your life to me or something similar.”

“I hate you!”

The blue dream butterfly was angry. As her figure flashed, she disappeared once again.

Su Hao laughed out loud.

After this little brat went to go train, Su Hao diverted his attention back to the data. His trip to the police station had resulted in a large harvest. At the very least, it would allow him to find the information of anyone he met that hailed from Jianghe City. In front of Su Hao, the citizens of Jianghe City’s identities were as transparent as water.

“I will search for this brat’s identity in the future. As for now...”

Su Hao took a look at the model world within his mind. A once gray card had gradually turned bright. This was the beginner military fighting technique that he had been waiting for!

“Only once percent remains. Breakthrough for me!”

“Shua!”

Su Hao directed the energy within his body to the card, causing it to instantly turn bright.

“Hong!”

At this moment, countless bits of information appeared within Su Hao’s mind. The style of Guan Yuanzhong as he practiced beginner military fighting technique, the main path of training, each and every beginner military fighting technique... Countless techniques flashed within his mind. Su Hao’s heart was unable to hold back any longer and he began moving his body.

“Ha!”

“He!”

“Hu!”

The movement of the wind could be felt as he launched a punch and kick. Compared to police fighting technique, the style of military fighting technique was...unyielding!

As a punch was thrown, an earth shattering breeze swept through the surroundings.

Su Hao began to train each and every move. All of his actions were both smooth and precise. However, an endless amount of chilly killing intent could be felt in between his movements.

This was the true military fighting technique, a real killing technique.

Su Hao was completely immersed in his training as he moved according to the pictures in his mind. After two hours, his body was covered in sweat. He stopped after familiarizing himself with the entire technique.

“Such a strong killing technique!”

This was on an entirely different tier than police fighting technique. One emphasized incapacitating and restricting the target whereas the other focused on killing. They were completely different. In personal combat, military fighting technique clearly held the advantage. As his body was used to the general fighting technique, he easily managed to learn all the techniques. After he repeated them several times, his entire body was soaked in sweat. It would take quite some time to completely master them.

“Great! I will train my beginner military fighting technique and body forging technique for the next few days.”

Su Hao immersed himself in closed door training for three days.

Excluding the time he spent enjoying a meal with his mother and sister, the rest of his time was completely spent on training. As always, he was in that frenzied state of his. Originally, he had planned on using a full six days to master this military fighting technique. In the end, however, only three days were needed.

Peng!

Peng!

Peng!

Su Hao bombarded a sandbag with a series of attacks. Each punch was full of both force and killing intent.

With his whole body tensed, Su Hao suddenly threw out a finishing move.

“Hong!”

The punch broke the bag, scattering sand everywhere.

How powerful had the force behind that punch been for him to have been able to destroy this silver sandbag? Last time, Su Hao had learned fighting essence when his origin ability had reached 10 points. He had been a fine line from being able to burst the sandbag back then. Now, without even utilizing fighting essence, he had easily broken the sandbag!

His strength had risen higher once again!

He clenched his right fist, allowing him to feel the power broiling inside. Su Hao was extremely excited. His results this time hadn’t been entirely due to his mastery of military fighting technique. His body forging technique had also grown in strength, greatly improving his physical fitness.

“Great, this is what it feels like to be truly powerful.”

His elation was interrupted by a cold and synthetic voice.

“Hello, Mr. Su Hao. The silver sandbag has been destroyed. Please pay 100,000 star dollars.”

“...”

The voice from the training club office had startled Su Hao. He patted his hand.

Your hand is so bad! Your hand is so bad!

That was 100,000 star dollars!

Although the current him didn’t lack money, losing 100,000 star dollars for no reason still hurt Su Hao, who was used to living a life of poverty.

However, the force that he had emitted just now left him thrilled. He visited the physical fitness building in Jianghe City to run some tests. As expected, his current physical fitness had reached 350 points!

The progress granted by body forging technique would always be faster in the first half. Coupled with Su Hao’s hard work, he had managed to increase 50 points in half a month!

“Since I have obtained 50 points from both body forging technique and military fighting technique for a total of 100 points...” Su Hao calculated, “My current origin ability has already reached 13 points!”

To increase by 1 point in half a month was worthy of celebration!

However, Su Hao knew that his progress still wasn’t considered fast. At least...compared to Zhou Wang, his origin ability was still far too weak.

The longer they stayed in natural selection class, the larger the advantage gained from focusing on origin ability would be.

Faster training!

More powerful strength!

Shorter duration!

Compared to physical fitness and fighting technique, the progress of origin ability index enhancement was more than twice the speed. This was why most students only had around 100 points in physical fitness. As for fighting techniques, they would simply learn police fighting technique. The true upgrade in their fighting strength would come from origin ability.

“High origin ability represents better strength?”

Su Hao sneered. If he had followed the route of origin ability since he was young, training in origin ability transition technique, his ability enhancement definitely wouldn’t lose out! However, his real strength upgrade would pale in comparison.

At this stage, his improvement was opposite that of others! Others would use a fighting technique to accommodate their main origin ability. Su Hao, on the other hand, used his origin ability to aid his fighting technique. Using his model analysis, he scanned for a variety of factors that could be used to gain an advantage. He would then crush the foe using his fighting technique!

Su Hao smiled indifferently as he felt the power in his body. Within the freshmen, there was nobody that he feared!

After he finished examining his strength, Su Hao browsed the school task list. After looking for a bit, he could only bitterly smile.

Nope.

Half a month had passed, yet there were no suitable tasks. Su Hao was very cautious in accepting tasks. It had to fulfill his requirements or he would never consent.

All the factors pertaining to the task had to be considered.

If he accepted something out of his league, not only would it be more dangerous, but the amount of time needed would also vary greatly. Unless it was a last resort, Su Hao would never accept a task beyond his capabilities.

Thus, the best option would be...

Wait!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0133 Concert
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0133 Concert

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

Su Hao casually closed the virtual screen. After learning body forging technique, his demand for task points was much lesser than before. It would be better to progress naturally at a slower rate for now. Furthermore, Su Hao still had an urgent matter to attend to...capturing berserk beasts for his master’s experiments!

These several past days, he had been busy training. Since he had free time now, he had to fulfill this obligation of his first. After all, this was related to Su Hao’s future plans to enhance his physical fitness.

Once his master’s experiment was completed, Su Hao’s rise would be just around the corner.

Outside Jianghe City.

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

A few berserk red jackals were killed on the spot by Su Hao. At the same time, an electric net was thrown out, which shocked the remaining jackals into a coma. He then carried them away.

The whole day.

Su Hao went back and forth numerous times. Each time, he would capture a few berserk beasts before returning. The guards were looking at Su Hao in shock. They recognized him from the time they had crossed paths during the gigantic beast tide. However, since when had this guy become a hunting devil?

There weren’t even many hunting tasks listed!

As the sun was setting, Su Hao finally managed to capture the last berserk beast, a black ox beast. After spending an entire day capturing berserk beasts, the guards had long ago branded him with the title of “beast hunting devil” in their minds.

“Peng!”

A huge black ox was thrown to the ground. Su Hao excitedly said, “Master, everything is done!”

“Not bad, not bad.”

Zhang Zhongtian smiled as he looked at the dozens of berserk beasts in his store and the few in the laboratory. There wasn’t much free space. With these berserk beasts, this old man’s experiments can finally be carried out again.

Zhang Zhongtian had been unable to keep a grin off his face for the past several days.

Seven extinction drug. It was an upgraded version of painkiller drug, which allowed you to lose any sensations of pain for a short amount of time. This drug would definitely help a lot in the progression of these experiments. It was much more potent compared to painkiller drug when coupled with other drugs. His research could now progress another step.

With the formula in hand, he naturally felt jubilant.

“Hehe, it seems that accepting this disciple was the right decision!”

Zhang Zhongtian nodded in satisfaction. He had several students under him, but the only one that could be considered to be his successor was Su Hao. Every time Su Hao made a move, he would end up surprising Zhang Zhongtian. As he touched an item in his pocket, Zhang Zhongtian made his decision.

“Su Hao, after this, are you going back to school?” Zhang Zhongtian asked while smiling.

“En.”

Su Hao nodded, “There aren’t any tasks for the time being. I will be going back to school to learn intermediate military fighting technique.”

“You don’t have to rush.” Zhang Zhongtian cheerfully continued, “With your talent, it will be the same no matter when you decide to learn it. Since you have been contributing quite a bit, I have a gift to give you.”

“Oh?”

Su Hao’s eyes turned bright, “A gift?”

This really made him feel strange. It was worth nothing that Zhang Zhongtian was a stingy master. When he had accepted Su Hao as a disciple, he hadn’t even given anything. What was he going to give as gift?

“Haha!”

Looking at Su Hao’s expression, he could already guess what he was thinking and awkwardly laughed, “When I accepted you as disciple, things were rather hectic. That was why I didn’t give you any gifts. However, after reconsidering, I think it would be appropriate to give you some compensation.”

“Really?”

Su Hao asked while feeling puzzled. This stingy master really wanted to give him a gift?

“This is for you.”

Zhang Zhongtian took out a crumpled up roll of paper and gave it to him.

Su Hao frowned. As he looked at it, he already felt that it must’ve been something of rather dubious quality.

He unrolled the paper, revealing a beautiful pattern printed across the top along with several characters, ‘Piano concert feast’.

“This...this...”

Su Hao was stupefied. What kind of joke was this? A piano concert? Since when did he have the luxury of attending a piano concert? He was so busy that he barely had the time to train. How could he have the time to attend this concert? Besides, for someone like him that preferred listening to epic fantasies, playing the piano in front of him was no better than playing in front of a cow!

Zhang Zhongtian laughed as he noticed Su Hao’s expression, “Are you that vexed by the thought of listening the a piano concert?”

Su Hao nodded as hard as he could.

What era was it now? The era of origin ability!

Excluding those at the bottom of the pyramid, everyone would be focused on training and striving to enhance their strength. Yet, even those at the bottom wouldn’t understand how to enjoy the piano. Who would even attend this piano concert? Could it have been something Zhang Zhongtian had randomly picked up to trick him?

Zhang Zhongtian didn’t pay any attention to Su Hao’s criticisms. Instead, he mysteriously smiled, “Do you know? This concert ticket costs 1 million star dollars! Plus, you can’t buy this on the market. This is something sent by my friend, who invited me to join. Do you think these people would spend 1 million for nothing?”

Su Hao’s eyes shined. This piano concert, what kind of trick was behind it?

“Hehe.”

Zhang Zhongtian patted his shoulder, “If you want to know, just attend the concert and listen. Although you might not be able to appreciate music, you must know that this is the era of origin ability! A lot of things have changed. You think this piano concert would be the same as previous eras? It is definitely worth the money.”

Zhang Zhongtian was like a salesman earnestly trying to drive up sales. Su Hao felt like he was going to be tricked into a fraudulent affair, but he had to admit that he was tempted.

Were those belonging to high class society that silly?

Or else!

Why would they spend one million just to listen to a piano concert? There must have been something else.

He knew that it was inconvenient for his master to appear in public. THus, this ticket had ended up in his hands.

Delaying intermediate military fighting technique wouldn’t affect him much. Even if he was to return to school, it was not guaranteed that he could find someone with intermediate military fighting technique. Why not attend this concert and see what was his master trying to sell?

On the backside of the ticket, there was a detailed introduction.

It stated that the reason this piano concert was selling like hotcakes was because of a piano master, Feng Yongzhi. Such a huge concert was rarely held in a small city like Jianghe City. The upper class would naturally be excited to learn that a concert was being held here.

The lower right corner stated that it would be held later tonight at 8pm.

Su Hao had a look at his communication device. It was already 7:30pm. He cursed this master of his... Why had he only informed him just now? Regardless, whether it was true or not, he had to go and take a look. Even if he didn’t want to give his master any face, he would give face to the one million star dollars at the very least!

Su Hao ran as quick as possible, heading toward the location of the concert.

Center of Jianghe City.

Golden Hall was lit up brightly in a dazzling manner at the city center. Countless people in bright mood entered the hall one by one. Just from their clothing alone, he could see that these people were rich!

How could ordinary people have the qualifications to join this concert?

As Su Hao arrived, he even saw a small team of personal bodyguards protecting an old man as he walked into the hall.

Strong esper!

After Su Hao glanced around for a moment, he was in shock. At first, he thought that the majority of people attending would be rich kids. However, most of them were powerful espers!

Moreover, the atmosphere emitted by most of the spectators made Su Hao tremble!

Specialization variant!

There were so many specialization espers. Su Hao thought for a moment and began to understand. Countless surrounding cities must have made their way over here because of the concert.

“This concert has such charm?”

Su Hao’s mind became alert as he walked into the hall. Although there were quite a number of people whom he’d be fairly confident of learning skills from, he was certain that only death would await him if he tried to use his model analysis here. Almost any randomly picked person from the crowd could easily defeat him.

Su Hao had finally gotten rid of the temptation to use his ability and headed toward the main door. Just as he reached it, he was stopped.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0134 Mysterious pianist
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0134 Mysterious pianist

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“Sir, sorry. Please show your admission ticket.”

The two security guards at the main door of the hall stopped him.

Su Hao handed over the admission ticket. The security guard wrinkled his eyebrows. He opened the ticket for confirmation, but remained suspicious.

The reason was pretty simple...Su Hao’s clothes!

Compared to the crowd’s gorgeous clothes, Su Hao currently appeared like a beggar. With such attire, he had managed to purchase an admission ticket worth one million star dollars? No matter how they looked at, it was really strange.

After all, this was Golden Hall!

It was a place where all the higher-ups in society gathered. The premise had to be one hundred percent secure. They would rather kill one thousand than let one free! Thus, Su Hao was targeted.

“Sir, can you please follow us inside for a more thorough check.” The security guard said to Su Hao in a serious tone.

Su Hao glanced at him and replied in a cold voice, “Is there an issue with my admission ticket?”

“No.” The security guard was firm.

“If so, on what circumstances are you trying to detain me?” Su Hao sneered, “Just because I’m wearing common clothes? I’m suspected just like that? All together, you guards should number more around 100, right? If I was really here with bad intentions, do you really think I’d dress like this and gather your attention? Damn, how did you guys even get a job here? Through relationships?”

The faces of those security guards were grave, but they remained silent.

After Su Hao’s tirade, fear had sprouted within their minds. His words were rational, a criminal wouldn’t act in such a manner. However, their superiors above them had already informed them that any suspicious people had to stay. The real problem wasn’t his clothing, but the task of detaining him.

As they thought about their orders, they began to press forward again.

Three security guards surrounded him.

Su Hao sneered. This event had a lot of upper class people. The security guards definitely wouldn’t cause a huge scene as long as he had an admission ticket. No matter what, they could only deal with him stealthily

Su Hao glanced over them quickly, using his model analysis to gauge their strength.

Their origin ability should be around 12 to 15 points. All their abilities were that of a body strengthening type. They must have been defense types designated to bide for time while waiting for higher ups to send reinforcements to assist them. Thus, their main purpose here was to keep Su Hao in place.

Thus, it would be fairly easy for Su Hao to win a fight!

“If you insist, then don’t blame me.”

Cold light flashed within Su Hao’s eyes. He wasn’t a soft character. Such a thing wasn’t something he could bear. Since someone was trying to bully him, he no longer had the patience to be polite.

“Hong!”

Su Hao’s body made a move. He was the first one to make a move!

Peng! Peng! Peng!

He used beginner military fighting technique to launch a series of rapid attacks. Although he had not achieved complete integration mastery yet, Su Hao had already mastered the techniques themselves. Couple with his high physical fitness, the force amount of force Su Hao was exerting was not as simple as it looked.

In a brief second, a security guard had already been knocked from his spot. Nobody had expected that Su Hao would have been the first to act! The security guards became the target of Su Hao’s impromptu practice. He was able to perfectly display beginner military fighting technique against these targets.

With their defensive type abilities, in front of Su Hao, they were nothing more than scrubs!

If they were a group composed of offensive abilities, Su Hao would definitely be in trouble if they all attacked him at once. This group of defensive talents was nothing more than a punching bag to him though.

Peng!

Peng!

As Su Hao kept attacking, his movements got smoother. He was getting more proficient with military fighting technique. After all, human sandbags weren’t something those silver sandbags could emulate.

“Stop it!”

A loud shout echoed. A middle aged man came out in a rush from Golden Hall. Looking at the scene in front of him, he hurriedly tried to stop them.

He could stop the security guards, but could he stop Su Hao?

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

Su Hao quickly directed two kicks. Both guards were knocked to the left and right of him. Compared to them, the one who had fainted earlier was far more lucky.

After he finished venting his anger, Su Hao clapped his hands. Looking at the middle aged man as he sweat, he asked, “You are?”

“Hello, Mr. Su Hao. I am the lobby manager of Golden Hall. I have already verified your identity. I apologize for all the trouble brought upon you. I hope you don’t mind.”

The lobby manager was indeed a lobby manager. Once he had arrived, he wholeheartedly tried to amend the situation. However, his apology was not accompanied by an expression of sincerity.

Su Hao had a look at his communication device, “Since you are apologizing, please show your sincerity. There are 5 minutes left before the concert starts. Can I still enter?”

“Of course!”

The lobby manager quickly said, “Of course you can. As a VIP, you are entitled to enjoy any service. To be honest, they had trouble finding you just now because you have a VIP admission ticket. All VIP tickets have a name attached to them. I have just confirmed with Master Zhang. Never would I have thought that you were a disciple of his.”

“...”

Damn!

He had been in trouble because of that lazy master of his?

F*ck!

He been surprised at first too. The security of Golden Hall had come across countless people. How could they simply detain anyone? The real problem was the admission ticket. He had seen the word VIP on the ticket, but...didn’t most admission tickets have VIP written on them?

“Haiz, and here I thought there was someone instructing them to do so.” Su Hao bitterly laughed. All of this had been caused by his master...

“The concert will begin in a few minutes. Please follow me. This is a channel dedicated to VIP guests.” The lobby manager was very polite with Su Hao as he led the way. Su Hao nodded and followed him.

Inside the box.

The lobby manager left, leaving Su Hao alone. There was some food on table. Opposite the single direction glass was the stage for broadcasting.

Su Hao took a look as he walked to the front of the glass. He was instantly shocked.

So many people!

The seats below were all occupied. With less than a minute till the concert began, the scene was very lively with thousand of people.

Su Hao quickly performed a mental calculation. Thousands of people at a million a head... Wasn’t this a huge rake of profits? This Feng Yongzhi had such a draw?

What kind of piano concert was this?

Su Hao looked at the hall which gradually turned dark. He knew the answer would soon be revealed.

Shua!

The scene felt into complete darkness.

Everyone immediately quieted down.

A faint blue light lit up on the stage.It was focused on a spot of about a square meter, where a piano had been placed.A pianist wearing a suit sat there with a calm expression, gently touching the piano as if he was touching his own wife.

“Beng!”

After touching the piano, the pianist suddenly started playing. Music began to echo and resound within the hall. Su Hao stood up in shock and stared at the stage. The music just now had caused his heart to beat faster.

This...

How could this be?

Su Hao was horrified. A pianist could have such ability?

As he looked at the audience below, Su Hao could tell that everyone had been affected similarly, despite the poor lighting. However, they had expected such a scene and were immersed in enjoyment.

Everyone felt it?

Then, that shouldn’t have any malicious intent...

Su Hao lowered his guard. As the pianist played, each note seemed to draw out the origin ability within the air.

Dong!

Dong!

Su Hao could felt his heartbeat getting faster. It was as if each note could bring origin ability to his heart. At this time, Su Hao felt an inexplicable relaxation.

The dull mood gradually turned into a pleasant one.

The bad mood instantly vanished into thin air.

A simple piano play was able to relax Su Hao’s mind. This was such a terrifying ability! Such an ability, could this be the legendary mind affection?

Mind affection, a grade A talent, could easily affect others’ mood. It could reach a ridiculous scale, capable of affecting even entire cities.

According to the records, a strong esper possessing this ability had made an entire city go into a coma before. This was too terrifying!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0135 Alarmed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0135 Alarmed

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

Mind affection!

Such a terrifying ability, it was one of the main focuses of the Origin Ability Association.

Was it really mind affection?

This idea floated within his mind, but Su Hao instantly crushed it.

Absolutely impossible!

If he was such an existence, was there any need for him to be a pianist? Plus, there were many pianists in this world. Were there really that many people with such a unique ability?

Or else...

The musical notes continued to be played. Suddenly, Su Hao discovered something even more shocking!

His origin ability energy slowly increased! Even though he wasn’t cultivating, it was slowly recovering. His energy which had originally been used to complete beginner military fighting technique was gradually recovered!

What was going on?

This pianist could enhance the recovery rate of his origin ability!

Such an amazing ability!

Su Hao exclaimed. As he looked at the audience through the glass, he saw that many had closed their eyes and immersed themselves in the music. However, what was even more mindblowing, was that quite a number of them were actually cultivating!

Cultivating?

Su Hao made his move. He sat cross legged and activated origin ability transition technique. Under the influence of the notes in the air, the speed appeared to be a tiny bit faster than usual.

Not only was the recovery rate faster, even cultivation speed had increased.

Su Hao firmly made his decision. It was now clear why Zhang Zhongtian insisted that he attend this concert. The world was incredibly vast. Coupled with the era of origin ability, such possibilities were endless. him to attend this concert. It appeared as if his understanding of the world was still too shallow!

“Cultivating?”

Su Hao muttered to himself. It was indeed the perfect time to cultivate, considering that quite a large portion of the audience had closed their eyes. The effect must have been surprisingly good. However, he suddenly did something unexpected.

Model analysis, start!

Character modeling!

Shua!

The surrounding scene changed. The scene turned illusionary as countless blue lights flashed. Su Hao looked at the pianist on stage. A character model appeared within his mind as model establishment took place.

Beside the model, numerous skill cards emerged, floating around in the air. Su Hao took a look at a card titled beginner piano performance.

Requirements: beginner origin ability control, beginner music foundation.

Requirements?

What did this mean?

This was the first time that Su Hao had seen this word while viewing ability cards.

“Perhaps I have to master beginner origin ability control and beginner music foundation before I’m able to learn this beginner piano performance?”

Su Hao made up his mind!

Card modeling!

Shua!

Surrounded by rays of light, the strange scene reappeared.

“Card selection complete...beginner piano performance...model analyzing...model establishing...card model establishment failed...”

“Pa!”

A loud sound rang throughout his mind. The card, which had not been established yet, instantly vanished.

“Is it because of the requirements?” Su Hao took another look at the requirements. It seemed as if he needed to fulfill the requirements before being able to build this card.

If so...then he had better establish the other cards first. After carefully considering his next step, Su Hao diverted his attention to the next card.

Beginner music performance.

This beginner music performance wasn’t something that Su Hao had covered in theoretical basis, but knowledge that truly belonged to a professional. This wasn’t something that Su Hao could involve himself with. However, it didn’t matter as long as he could read the card!

Card modeling!

Shua!

Soon, a gray card appeared within Su Hao’s mind. Beginner music performance, succeeded!

“One more to go, beginner origin ability control.”

Su Hao licked his lips. He activated card modeling once again, establishing another card.

Beginner origin ability control had been successfully established.

Done!

Su Hao didn’t waste a single second. He read both cards, trying to complete their progress. Reading both cards at once quickly consumed the energy within his body. However, compared to beginner military fighting technique, it was still within Su Hao’s capabilities. Plus, he was still benefitting from the concert. His energy kept recovering!

Read...recovery...

Recovery...read...

The energy consumption and reading progress formed an equilibrium.

After a bit more than an hour, both cards had been successfully read.

“Hong!”

Beginner music performance contained countless bits of knowledge from a professional musician. All the notes which Su Hao had previously been unable to understand began to flash within Su Hao’s mind.

A few minutes later, beginner origin ability control was also completed.

What was this beginner origin ability control?

Beginner origin ability control was a method to use energy to improve one’s control over their origin ability. It mainly consisted of tricks and tips to control your origin ability in a better manner. This technique was actually on the school syllabus, but Su Hao didn’t bother with it since he didn’t follow that path. He never expected to learn it in such a situation.

“Great. Since I have mastered these two, it is the finally time!”

Su Hao licked his lips. The concert had a duration of two hours. A bit more than an hour had currently elapsed, giving him some time to establish beginner music performance.

Model analysis, start!

Character modeling!

Card modeling!

Shua!

Su Hao directly headed to his targeted card and quickly built the card.

“Card selection completed...beginner piano performance...model analyzing...model established...card model establishment succeeded...”

“Hong!”

A gray card appeared within his mind.

Name: Beginner piano performance

Star: 1 star

Description: Elegant music administered through a piano. Through the usage of music rhythms, you can greatly enhance energy recovery speed, cultivation training, and overall mental state when the mysterious music is being played.

So this was it!

Seeing this, everything was now clear to Su Hao.

So this was the ability of beginner piano performance. It was similar to his beginner pharmacy study. However, compared to pharmacy study, the requirements for beginner piano performance were much higher.

In just dozen of minutes, Su Hao had carried out three card modelings in quick succession. Beginner piano performance, beginner music foundation, and beginner origin ability control were all in his hands!

“Hu~ this is so awesome!”

Since the mutation of his model analysis, this was the very first time he had established a card with such ease. Plus, it was three cards in a single instance. Previously, he had to be careful when using his ability. Despite the large crowd, he had been able to do so smoothly!

The pianist was wholeheartedly performing on the stage. How could he have the mental energy to bother about someone using their origin ability on him?

Thus, this time, Su Hao’s operation proceeded without any obstructions!

Breakthrough!

Taking some breath, Su Hao didn’t hesitate to pour his energy into this beginner music performance card. The energy within his body was consumed at a terrifying rate! However, now was his best chance to master it. If he learned it, couldn’t he play the piano himself and improve his speed of cultivation?

Read!

Read!

Su Hao’s energy moved quickly. The cycle of recovery and breakthroughs kept repeating. He even drank a few bottles of origin ability energy recovery drug. His progress reading beginner piano performance was progressing at high speed.

That gray card gradually brightened.

Su Hao’s crazy breakthrough... Had the people from Golden Hall really failed to notice it?

The control room of Golden Hall.

A young man with spectacles reported to a burly man, “Captain, origin ability energy volatility was detected. The target was the pianist on stage!”

“What?”

The captain’s face changed, “Are you sure?”

The security detection in Golden Hall was extremely strict. Each person’s identity was carefully investigated and verified. Very few people would try finding their death by making trouble here. Otherwise, you would offend the upper class circle.

“Yes!”

The young man quickly tapped on the virtual screen. A virtual image of the hall appeared. A scene flashed several times with different spots appearing each time. It then halted at a particular spot.

“Location detection at room 2301.”

“2301?”

The captain was surprised, “Isn’t that a VIP room?”

“Yes, it is the room of a drug master. However, it is his disciple currently residing in it. Although a fluctuation of energy was detected, his origin ability didn’t have any malicious intent. That was why the security protection system didn’t activate. Please give further commands!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0136 I love you so much
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0136 I love you so much

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

The protection system is a commonly used security measure.

For the safety of pianist, the whole stage had been built with a special origin ability protection system. Once any origin ability with ill intent was detected, it would automatically activate itself and intercept the danger. This was the best available program to defend against origin abilities. The one drawback of this program was that it was unable to discover analysis and detection variant origin abilities.

“Really?”

A cold light flashed in the captain’s eyes, “No malicious intent... The system might not be accurate though. Take down his information. Although he had no malicious intent, we still can’t relax. After all, there are many strange abilities in this world. Immediately investigate his background!”

A few moments later, a file was placed in front of him.

The captain felt a sense of relief after having a quick look, “Model analysis? Grade E? Simply a little student?”

This kind of ability... The best future he’d be capable of was becoming a master of construction. It was totally unrelated to combat. He must have either been curious or been targeting the architecture of the hall, rather than the pianist.

“Alright, don’t worry about him too much.”

The captain pondered for a moment, “No matter what, he is still a disciple of a drug master. If we interrupt him now, he may be offended. Send two people to monitor the fluctuation of room 2301. Once there is any intent to attack, quickly seal off the room!”

“Yes, captain!”

The young man nodded and went down quickly.

Room 2301.

Su Hao was completely unaware that he had almost been killed just moments ago. At this moment, he was actually extremely excited due to having entered the last leg of his card formation!

Ninety percent!

Ninety-eight percent!

One hundred percent!

Success!

“Hong!”

The primary piano performance card was completely lit up. Streams of knowledge poured into Su Hao’s mind. He learned a multitude of things related to playing the piano, such as how to integrate beginner origin ability control and beginner music foundation. How to have a better grasp of rhythm, how to use your origin ability to relay the charm of music, the best ways to practice piano by the pianist in front...

Countless scenes flashed through his eyes.

His right fingers slightly twitched. It seemed as if he was embracing countless memories. His sense became more acute, causing him to tap in the air several times. His hands danced beautifully throughout the air. His movements were incredibly smooth, like a fairy jumping.

Primary piano performance. Mastered!

Su Hao closed his eyes, combining the knowledge from three cards. At this moment, he was like a piano master, elegantly playing a piano. His flexible fingers, his control of origin ability, and the rhythm of music were all moving alongside him at this moment.

On the stage, the music continued.

Su Hao came to realize that a number of pianists had changed places, with numerous styles of play. This helped him grasp a better control of music rhythm. After half an hour, Su Hao’s energy was completely restored.

“Yi?”

Su Hao who had closed his eyes to feel the music suddenly opened his eyes. At this moment, Golden Hall had fallen into silence.

Even the applause of the audience was gone. The entire hall was completely silent.

Su Hao looked up toward the stage. As the faint blue light shed, a large virtual screen gradually formed, dropping from above. Rows of sentences quietly appeared on the screen.

That year...cherry blossomed, I stood beside you.

That year...during summer’s night, we made a wish to the stars.

That year...the maple leaf was cream red, the heaven blessed you.

That year...the white snow, left a mark between us.

Sixty years, a cycle of sixty years.

Sixty years, another reincarnation.

As my hair had turned gray, I had long ago been unable to recall your face.

My lover.

Are you having a good time there?

I’m still alive.

Just because I love you so much.

...

As the blue light flickered in the quiet darkness, the text made the crowd feel both the sadness and love that the couple had experienced.

Su Hao felt a movement on his shoulder. He discovered that the blue dream butterfly had been awake for quite some time.

As the text floated in mid air, an old man appeared from darkness. His small figure was accompanied by white hair and a neat tuxedo. He made his way over and sat in front of the piano.

“Ding~!”

The old man gently tapped. A heavy feeling felt burst within his heart.

One by one, the notes played under the old man’s fingers surpassed the boundary of the piano and air, travelling directly into the hearts of everyone present. Su Hao was incredibly startled. At this moment, his mind seemed to have received a large stimulus. All the memories locked deep within his heart began to make their way outward.

That year when he had first encountered Chen Yiran with her timid look, Su Hao had not dared to gaze upon her princess like appearance.

That year, he and Chen Yiran had sparred. This was able to soothe his sadness over obtaining a grade E talent.

That year, he and Chen Yiran had a stroll in park. Only by practising there would he obtain peace.

All the memories from the past two years began to emerge from his heart.

Su Hao finally realized that he had many good memories.

Chen Yiran...

“Pa!”

Su Hao who was immersed in this sentimental moment was abruptly interrupted. He noticed that the blue dream butterfly was looking at him in dissatisfaction.

“What?”

Su Hao asked.

“Heng~ What kind of bad thing are you thinking of? You’re so perverted.” The blue dream butterfly said in anger. Su Hao noticed that with the recent cultivation of hers, she had become better at directly communicating with her ability.

“Nothing.”

Su Hao shook his head and watched the audience be immersed in wonderful memories of their own.

That feeling was without doubt, great. Su Hao wanted to enter that state of mind again, but he realized he was unable to do so. It was similar to waking up from a dream. Returning to sleep and attempting to resume it would hardly ever be successful.

It seemed as if that look from the blue dream butterfly had woken him up completely.

“Such a mysterious piano piece. I wonder what the name is.” Su Hao sighed.

“Wasn’t it just written up there?” The blue dream butterfly quickly wrote, “This is the masterpiece of Master Feng Yongzhi, ‘I Love You So Much’.”

“Oh?”

So this was a masterpiece created by Feng Yongzhi. This piano performance was many times better than those that preceded it. No wonder he was at a master level!

“It seems that this Master Feng also had his own sweet heart.” Su Hao sighed.

“This piano piece is something he wrote for his wife. Everyday at this time, he would play ‘I Love You So Much’ as a way to convey his feelings to his wife as a tribute. Because his wife is from Jianghe City, he would come here every year.” the blue dream butterfly wrote.

“So this is it.”

Su Hao nodded, “This Master Feng is such a sentimental man.”

“Master Feng’s achievement wasn’t because of his sentimental senses. Under the influence of origin ability, this piece is effective in purifying your soul, cleansing your heart of shadows. It could be considered a very effective spiritual treatment. Countless people were able to get rid of the shadows in their heart and return to their true self.”

“Really?”

Su Hao murmured. His heart was shocked.

Today’s technology had advanced so much that even a lost limb could be replaced. But psychological illness was something difficult to overcome. He had never expected that it could be cured in this manner. No wonder master Feng had such status and glory. It was well deserved.

“Hey, something’s not right here.”

Su Hao suddenly noticed something strange and turned to the blue dream butterfly, “How could you know about this?”

The blue dream butterfly was at a loss and reacted after being confused for a second, “True... How could I know about this? Strange... Just now, when I listened to this, I felt it to be familiar and woke up from my cultivation.”

“Master Feng would appear here every year. If you were from Jianghe City, it should still be fine ,but you’re not from here. Your data is not found in the police database.” A doubtful look was revealed within Su Hao’s eyes.

“Blue dream butterfly, in the end, just exactly who are you?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 137 Piano’s origin ability technique
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 137 Piano’s origin ability technique

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

What was the true identity of the blue dream butterfly?

Su Hao’s question was doomed to remain unanswered.

“It seems that you may have been a fan of Master Feng in the past.” Su Hao smiled slightly, “Could you possibly have had some psychological trauma when you were young and came here to be treated?”

“I don’t know.”

The blue dream butterfly continued in confusion, “Perhaps I was.”

“Hehe.”

Su Hao smiled.The music echoing within the hall eased his mind. It was too bad that he was unable to return to his previous state of mind after being interrupted by this brat just now.

As he watched Master Feng’s masterful piano play, Su Hao decided to make his move...

Model analysis, start!

Character modeling!

Shua!

The surrounding scene changed as blue rays formed. Su Hao’s mind was in shock. He had really been able to! Creating a model of the previous pianist wasn’t out of his expectations, but this Master Feng? Did this master have zero defenses? Su Hao didn’t realize that Master Feng had wholeheartedly immersed himself into his performance, relying solely on Golden Hall’s security system.

Grandmaster level piano performance.

At first glance, Su Hao had already honed in on this card. It alone was more than enough to turn him into a master.

Card modeling!

Shua!

“Card selection completed...grandmaster level piano performance...model analyzing...model establishing...card model failed to establish...”

Sure enough, it had failed.

Su Hao wasn’t too surprised. He had previously tried to read master pharmacy from his master and ended up with the same result. It was impossible to avoid failure with such a huge gap between them.

“Such a pity.”

Su Hao sighed. If he was able to possess this card, he would no longer lack money in the future. As he prepared to withdraw his ability with an indifferent smile on his face, Su Hao took another glance. He received a sudden bout of shock. Within these countless cards, he saw a unique card, ‘I Love You So Much’.

“What...what is this?”

Su Hao was surprised. This was the first time he had encountered a card like this. This should have been the piece that Master Feng was currently playing. However, this piece, wasn’t it only grandmasters that should’ve been able to play it?

Su Hao tapped on top and a line of information popped out.

‘I Love You So Much’. Requirement: Beginner piano performance.

“Can I read it?”

Su Hao became excited. Right now he could only see the name. Let’s read it first and we shall talk later.

Card modeling!

Shua!

Countless rays of light flowed. Soon, yet another gray card appeared within his mind. Su Hao had a glance at it. The complete details of this card finally showed up.

Name: I Love You So Much

Rating: 2 stars

Type: Piano’s origin ability technique

Description: The requirement for combining beginner piano performance with the unique piano’s origin ability is low, but possesses a high degree of difficulty. The field of piano is very deep. It can inspire listeners to recall the good memories within their soul to heal the shadows lurking in their mind. The results have been shown to be effective in treating mental illness.

“Piano’s origin ability technique!”

A trace of light flashed by Su Hao’s eyes. He had always assumed that origin ability techniques were only used in combat. He never expected that there would be one for piano too. Using origin ability energy to stimulate the rhythm of music... No wonder the mysterious notes had such a magical effect. They were integrated with origin ability technique.

This Master Feng was indeed a heavyweight in the world of piano.

What was this piano’s origin ability technique?

Su Hao ran a quick search. A second later, the relevant information popped out.

It was said that ordinary pianists would aim for a collision of energy when playing notes. Behind each note would be a mysterious force. Once complete music fusion was possible, the rhythm of the music would become much smoother. Along with the influence of origin ability energy, the piece would enter an entirely new world with limitless potential. This was the piano’s origin ability technique.

Piano’s origin ability technique, in other words, reorganized ordinary music pieces through complete integration with origin ability energy to further their potential. Each note was recompiled into a form. From a surface view, the notes would not appear any different than ordinary ones, but the effect was like heaven and earth.

In theory, each song could be remade by piano’s origin ability technique.

In reality though, to change a piece of music with origin ability energy required a terrifying amount of energy. That was why the existence of piano’s origin ability technique was very rare. ‘I Love You So Much’ was an original piece of Master Feng. He had spent several years modifying it with piano’s origin ability as a tribute to his dead wife.

The degree of infatuation could clearly be felt.

Piano performance was divided into two modes.

The first mode was ordinary performance. This would combine music with energy to bring out the mysterious power of music. However, for beginner pianists, playing songs would all have the same effect, recovering origin ability energy. Whether it was ‘Happy Birthday’ or ‘Steel is Strength’, they would have the exact same result.

The second mode truly involved the use of origin ability energy. Ordinary music pieces couldn’t withstand this mode. Under the outburst of energy, the music piece would be completely destroyed, ridding it of its recovery effect. The only piece that could be played using this mode was none other than piano’s origin ability technique.

“As a pianist, so much knowledge needs to be learned!”

Su Hao exclaimed. Though the knowledge he had learned from theoretical basis was complicated, what they emphasized was survivability and combat! Other aspects were only mentioned briefly. Even during his past assessment, 99 percent was about fighting and survival methods. Knowledge about professionals was not included.

No wonder teacher Yang always mentioned that no matter how high his theoretical basis was, his view of the world would collapse upon returning to society.

Su Hao continued to scroll down.

Countless piano pieces were available in this world. Under so many years of development, the amount of completed piano’s origin ability technique was quite a large number. However, the most popular piece impressively turned out to be this piece belonging to Master Feng.

Because of the high requirement for piano’s origin ability technique, the minimum threshold would be the level of advanced piano performance. Yet, the requirement for this piece of Master Feng was low, only requiring beginner piano performance. However, the difficulty and complexity was several folds higher than other piano’s origin ability technique. Not to mention beginner pianists, even advanced pianists might not able to handle this.

Therefore, despite the low requirement, the number of people who could play this piece was no higher than others.

Many online music fans loved to poke fun at this. The requirement of this piece was so cute. The requirement should be grandmaster level since the degree of difficulty reached grandmaster level. That would be much more reasonable.

But no matter what, nobody could deny its status.

Because of the low requirement, the mysterious effect, and Master Feng’s story, this music piece had become the most popular in the last ten years. It was the most touching piano’s origin ability technique.

It was one of its own!

“Yet another vast mysterious world!”

Su Hao sighed. When he had first entered the world of pharmacy, he had lamented that the field of pharmacy was so mysterious. All kind of drugs could be made as long as your comprehension was good. But after understanding the world of piano, he noticed that this career was just as mysterious.

Pharmacy was like this. Piano performance was the same. What about other careers?

In this era, the world of origin ability was much larger than what he imagined.

Su Hao unexpectedly had the sudden urge to set off on an adventure. In the future, even if he didn’t learn them, he needed to broaden his understanding of other careers.

Someday, I will complete this wish.

Su Hao took a long breath. After being awakened from the mysterious world of piano, his harvest had been pretty impressive in these couple of minutes.

Looking at the audience who was still immersed in the music, Su Hao’s mouth formed a smile. No matter how high the difficulty is, it was all useless in front of him. As long as the requirement is low, that was more than enough! Under model analysis, difficulty levels were meaningless.

Card reading!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0138 Awaken
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0138 Awaken

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

Shua!

Su Hao tried to have a breakthrough of this card! The energy within his body flowed like a rapid stream.

The consumption of a 2 star card was as terrifying as ever!

Su Hao consumed several bottles of origin ability recovery drug. Looking at the slight increase of energy within his body, he frowned, “The consumption is too large. Seems that next time, I will have to prepare a batch of intermediate recovery drug to breakthrough. It’s too bad that I wasn’t able to take away the remaining origin ability recovery drug made with the star grass emperor back at the Pharmacy Association...”

“Gudong!”

“Gudong!”

Su Hao consumed his remaining recovery drug. The energy in his body began to skyrocket, barely managing to keep up with the consumption rate. The recovery speed with beginner origin ability transition technique was simply not able to support such a large scale consumption of energy.

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

The energy kept being used to breakthrough. Originally, such consumption wasn’t something Su Hao could afford to continue. However, Master Feng’s performance was still ongoing. The beautiful notes were resonating with the energy within his body. As his model analysis was reading and increasing the card progress, the consumption had been reduced significantly due to the performance resonating with the card he was breaking through.

It was the same as when his instructor had taught him police fighting technique.

Back at school, his fighting instructor had taught him police fighting technique. Compared to the effect from progressing via model analysis, it was on an entirely different level. The energy consumption was minimal. As he was analyzing piano’s origin ability technique with Master Feng in the background, it was rather similar to when he had learned police fighting technique. It was as if Master Feng was indirectly guiding him.

“Hong!”

Under the influence of energy, the gray card completely brightened. Countless information about the mastery of piano’s origin ability technique flashed within his mind...the training of Master Feng...the notes of this music...the existence of this music...the usual learning process of this... Su Hao’s mind was currently dealing with all of this.

Su Hao stood in place and closed his eyes to help him digest everything.

Inexplicably, a tear fell from the corner of his eye.

Su Hao opened his eyes in shock. As he watched the tear drop to the floor, he came to the realization that even he could shed tears.

“I must be affected by the mood of this music.”

Su Hao smiled and wiped the corner of his eye.

This piano’s origin ability technique had conveyed a powerful stream of emotions to him when he had read the card, most likely due to the fact that it was a creation of Master Feng. Unknowingly, Su Hao was affected by this feeling.

“Master Feng, just how much affection did he have for his wife?”

Su Hao sighed for a moment. Once again, he pondered over the rhythm of ‘I Love You So Much’, with countless notes appearing in his heart. It was as if he could easily play them out anytime.

‘I Love You So Much’, mastered!

“As long as I train a few more times when I’m back, I will completely grasp this piece.” Su Hao smiled indifferently. With such a powerful effect, he could become a psychotherapist in the future as well. After all, humans were not machines. Listening to music while cultivating would adjust your condition to the peak.

Golden Hall.

Master Feng’s dancing fingers came to a halt as the feast of music ended. The audience was in a complete silence. Everyone was still immersed within the ocean of music. Nobody could have guessed that a youth had managed to transform from a music retard into a beginner pianist, even mastering a piano’s origin ability with a high degree of difficulty.

“Hua~”

A few minutes later, the crowd reacted from the shock and gave a huge applause.

Master Feng bowed and left the stage.

This beautiful piano concert had finally ended.

“Finished...”

The audience was left stranded in their seats, as if they wanted an encore. Several guards in Golden Hall’s control room gave a sigh of relief. Luckily, nothing had happened. All those characters in master level would definitely not have ordinary identities. If anything were to happen in Golden Hall, that wasn’t something which they could take responsibility for! That was why they would be on full alert every year around this time!

The captain asked, “What about that little brat in the VIP room?”

“He’s gone.” A young man reported, “As the concert ended, he followed the crowd to leave. From start to end, there weren’t any peculiar movements.”

“Great.”

The captain was relieved, “Send a message to him and explain the situation.”

“Yes!”

The young man left the room.

Outside of Golden Hall, Su Hao had just finished exiting when his communication device vibrated. After he opened it to take a look, it turned out to be a message from Golden Hall’s security team, “Dear sir, hello. In order to ensure the safety of the participants, origin ability usage is prohibited within Golden Hall. Please pay attention to this next time in order to prevent yourself from being locked down by the security system.”

“Hehe.”

Su Hao was speechless. He had had an inner monologue about the improbability of Golden Hall having no security measures in place. It appeared that he had been locked onto when he had used his origin ability. If he had used a more unique ability, he may have been killed on the spot. The reason he hadn’t been interrupted was probably to give his master some face.

Su Hao easily analyzed the situation from the message.

“I nearly made a fool of myself.”

Su Hao bitterly smiled. He still had a lot of things to learn.

But this time, his harvest was plentiful. A trip to piano concert had transformed him into a beginner pianist and allowed him to master a unique music piece, ‘I Love You So Much’.

The mysterious pianist... The magical piano’s origin ability technique...

This was just the tip of the iceberg in the era of origin ability. In such a vast world...just how many mysterious careers were there? These kinds of things couldn’t be learned in theoretical basis, causing Su Hao to be lacking in this area.

“Time to go back.”

Su Hao smiled indifferently. He had just taken a few steps outside, nearing a fountain, when he came to an abrupt stop. In front of him, a person who had been bragging to a friend had also become shocked upon noticing Su Hao. His face instantly turned into one of intense hatred.

Both of them stared at each other, with sparks flying between them.

Both of them would have never expected to meet again in front of Golden Hall’s main door.

Su Hao, Sun Yaotian!

“Su Hao!”

Sun Yaotian said these two words with gritted teeth. His face became extremely gloomy.

Su Hao and him could be considered to be enemies that were unable to coexist under the same sky. He always thought of ways to get rid of Su Hao. He had tried extremely hard to do so. In the end, however, his hatred began to dissipate. This was because Su Hao had never taken the initiative to make a move. Every time Sun Yaotian made a move, he would end up with a tragic result.

The first time, his eyes were poked.

The second time, Li Jun died.

Third time...

There had been far too many instances, leaving a shadow within his heart. Sometimes, he would even get scared while dreaming at night. Under the guidance of Sun Batian, he had managed to rack up the courage to challenge Su Hao. However, he had faced humiliation once again, nearly causing him to lose all fighting spirit.

When he had participated in the battle of honor, his ranking had been among the very worst due to his unstable state of mind.

After the battle of honor came to an end, his hatred had deteriorated once again in the school task store. When nobody had been willing to help him in his time of need, Su hao actually stood up! Su had had saved him, helping to resolve his hatred. He was completely clueless as to how he should face Su Hao.

Hate?

Kill?

Sun Yaotian almost fell apart.

After returning home, Sun Batian hadn’t beaten him up, but given him a concert ticket instead. When he came here and listened to the music, the shadows in his heart were slowly eliminated, as he immersed himself in the feelings of love and hope within those piano pieces.

Master Feng’s performance had completely awakened Sun Yaotian. After recalling all the things he had done these days, he was covered in cold sweat!

He...these days, exactly what had he been doing?

He was a playboy, but not an idiot of that magnitude! How could he have made all the students in natural selection class despise him? How stupid had he become to have done such a thing? Only someone ridiculously dumb could manage to do so! Yet, he had done it! Now, the entire class would only mention the word idiot alongside his name!

The more he thought about it, the more intensely he began to sweat.

“What the heck did I do?”

In the box of Golden Hall, Sun Yaotian had slapped his own face in order to awaken himself.

At that time, only then had he understood Su Hao’s sinister plan. Psychological tactics! He planned on slowly eroding his mental state before entirely collapsing it. If not for the healing effect of Master Feng’s performance, he may have fallen into a fit of delusion and madness, leading to a complete collapse.

At that time, only then did he understand just how terrifying Su Hao was.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0139 Challenge
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0139 Challenge

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

Whether it was offense or defense, each step taken by Su Hao had been calculated to perfection, slowly pushing him into the abyss.

Just how much of theoretical basis had this damn guy mastered?

How much disturbing shit had he learned?

He had only experienced this level of fear and weakness before in front of his own brother, Sun Yaohui, better known as viper!

Previously, Sun Yaohui had let him have a taste of this ‘viper’ as a learning lesson, causing him to shiver in fear. At the very least, Sun Yaohui would never cross his bottom line, due to his role as a big brother. However, Su Hao had no such qualms in letting him experience true fear.

After the shadows left on his heart had been cleared up, he understood this point better than ever.

He had learned...to never try and play tricks against Su Hao. Otherwise, he would be toyed with by Su Hao until he met his death. Sun Batian would refuse to get involved simply because of some mental losses at the hands of Su Hao. The only way for him to defeat Su Hao was in a dignified manner!

“With dignity!”

This phrase awakened Sun Yaotian from his stupor.

Yes, what was he afraid of?

Why did he always have to resort to punt tricks? Had he been influenced by his brother? The reason viper was called a viper was due to his intricate schemes. You were never able to guess his true aim. After managing to reveal a conspiracy, there would be yet another sinister plot hiding behind it!

Since he was young, he had slowly been influenced by his brother and gotten used to such underhanded methods. However, he didn’t possess the same calculating mindset as his brother. Each of his plans has been thoroughly dismantled by Su Hao.

Was all of this really necessary?

He was the first successor to the Sun family.

What was there to be afraid of?

Su Hao dared to hurt him, but he didn’t dare kill him because his home was Jianghe City. If Sun Yaotian kept resorting to underhanded tricks, he’d end up on the losing end.

He wanted to be a dignified person!

He was someone with a grade A talent. Su Hao only possessed a grade E talent. If he placed all of his focus on training, there was nothing to be afraid of. The person that should be worrying was Su Hao!

His current line of action should have been to regain his passionate heart and recover his previously dwindling fighting spirit!

He needed to challenge Su Hao openly. If he lost, he would simply challenge him again! If he was injured, he would go in for treatment. With his talent and family’s resources, he would exceed Su Hao sooner or later!

Hadn’t the current Su Hao already been surpassed by Zhou Wang and many others?

Very soon, he would do the same.

Within his loge at Golden Hall, Sun Yaotian had experienced a moment of enlightenment due to the influence of the healing piano music. The shadow which Su Hao had slowly been growing within his heart had been completely disposed of.

The effect of piano’s origin ability technique was clearly visible!

However, he hadn’t expected to meet Su Hao after exiting Golden Hall.

As he gloomily looked at the plainly dressed boy in front of him, Sun Yaotian felt a sense of absurdity. Yeah... He was just a student like him, what was there to be terrified of?

The long lasting knot within his heart was lifted. Sun Yaotian’s mouth even revealed a small smile.

A few wealthy second generation families that had come with Sun Yaotian looked at him with a horrified expression. It couldn’t be... Had the young master of the Sun family become a retard? Wasn’t this the person that had made him a cuckold? And yet, he was happily smiling. Had he undergone too much? Or had Master Feng’s treatment been too strong?

Su Hao gave him a strange glance. This guy had noticed him and giggled... Was he damaged in the head?

Sun Yaotian smiled indifferently as he noticed the looks being passed around. He walked in front of Su Hao and calmly offered his right hand, “Long time no see, Su Hao.”

Two brilliant lights flashed within Su Hao’s eyes.

As he switched his gaze between Sun Yaotian and Golden Hall, he finally understood. Yes! How could he have forgotten about this? The piano’s origin ability technique which he had just learned should’ve had this effect...no? It would get rid of psychological shadows and rekindle hope.

With the Sun family’s massive wealth, they naturally wouldn’t miss an opportunity like this!

Sun Batian must have noticed Sun Yaotian’s recent situation. It was only natural for him to obtain a ticket for his son’s treatment. Looking at Sun Yaotian, it seemed that the effect was quite good.

The short sentence of Sun Yaotian was more than enough for Su Hao to analyze the situation.

Su Hao smiled indifferently. As he shook hands with Sun Yaotian, he said in a low voice, “It seems that Master Feng’s treatment has had quite the effect on you.”

“Really?”

Sun Yaotian’s eyes flashed at Su Hao’s mocking comment. However, it was easy for him to stow it away. The current him was no longer as easy to read, easily capable of disguising his emotions from his face.

“I’m also quite curious about something. With your family’s current state, you must have paid quite the high price to come here.”

They were engaged in a war of words, exchanging harsh comments brimming with killing intent. The surrounding families looked at each other. Should they intervene and help Sun Yaotian?

No, only an imbecile would do such a thing!

Su Hao dared to trample over Sun Yaotian. He obviously wouldn’t mind doing the same to them.

However, they were also quite curious. Only rich families could manage to come to Golden Hall. Additionally, Master Feng had performed today, driving up ticket prices even further. How could Su Hao have possibly come here? To be more precise, what qualifications did he have to be here? How could security have let him enter?

Su Hao smiled, “Although I don’t possess a formidable background, I do have several friends that are able to send me a ticket as a gift.”

The faces of the surrounding crowd twitched upon hearing this statement of his.

Someone who could get tickets...

Several of them?

Despite coming from the large families of Jianghe City, hadn’t they had to beg their grandparents for a ticket? Even the top ranked Sun family had spent quite a price to get a single ticket. Could Su Hao really get several by himself? This was simply an absurd joke!

“Really?”

Sun Yaotian didn’t let this bother him and casually said, “The battle of honor is held once a month. The next one isn’t too far away. As the top student of the freshmen, why don’t we have a duel? Su Hao, do you dare to fight me?”

Sun Yaotian’s words were plain, but contained a domineering attitude behind them. Compared to the past, he was completely different.

Interesting...

Su Hao squinted his eyes. He took his time to reply. A light shined within his eyes, revealing a strange expression.

Model analysis, start!

Character modeling!

Shua!

Character modeling!

Shua!

The surrounding scene became illusory. Time seemed to have slowed down. Countless blue lights formed from their surroundings. In his mind, a character model appeared, none other than that of Sun Yaotian.

Psychological shadows were simply a single method of dealing with someone.

Since the psychological shadow had been completely rid of, Sun Yaotian should have confidence in beating him!

Exactly what was it that gave him such confidence?

Su Hao took a quick look at the cards hovering around the character model.

Fighting essence.

Basic fighting technique.

Intermediate police fighting technique.

Origin ability cultivation technique.

Beginner origin ability refinement.

Beginner origin ability transition technique.

Beginner iron element essence.

...

Wait a minute!

Su Hao’s eyes suddenly turned bright, “Beginner iron element essence? Beginner origin ability refinement?”

Sun Yaotian had mastered these two?

So it was this!

No wonder he was so confident!

Based on the previous battle of honor, a repeater had made a summary report of the battle on the school forums. Sun Yaotian;s origin ability had reached 11 points.

However, in just half a month, Sun Yaotian had emerged with beginner iron element essence and beginner origin ability refinement! It seemed that he’d been working hard these days. Perhaps he’d been stimulated by Su Hao or driven by the shadow left on his heart, increasing his training speed quite significantly.

These weren’t ordinary skills. The difficulty level was extremely high!

Beginner iron element essence was a skill to control the element of iron. It was able to make your energy more outstanding, as well as increase your control over the iron element. It could be considered the most crucial skill to be mastered, as it was a turning point for newbies.

Beginner origin ability refinement was even more incredible.

This was a general skill. Anyone could learn it! It existed solely for one reason, to significantly reduce energy consumption.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0140 Origin ability refinement
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0140 Origin ability refinement

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

In the earlier stages, there were two methods to reduce energy consumption.

The first was origin ability control, with the latter being origin ability refinement.

Origin ability control would enhance one’s control over their origin ability energy, reducing needless waste. For example, 200 units of energy might be used in a situation where only 100 were needed, usually due to a lack of skill or incorrect methods.

Origin ability control would allow everyone to get closer to the ideal amount of usage.

As for origin ability refinement, its sole purpose was to reduce energy consumption!

For example, a skill that originally required 100 units of energy could be reduced by 10 percent through mastery of origin ability refinement. This would make the final consumption only 90 units of energy. This was a very practical and useful skill for students to know, as it greatly increased their overall strength.

To have grasped it in such a short amount of time, Sun Yaotian must not have slacked off whatsoever in his training. His lack of understanding was why he seemed rather incapable. Su Hao recalled that Sun Yaotian had offended a repeater to secure a material back at the school task store. It had probably been the key to unlocking his problem.

This guy’s determination was pretty strong.

“Beginner iron element essence, 100 points...beginner origin ability refinement, 100 points...”

Su Hao performed some quick calculations. Sun Yaotian had gained another 2 points in his origin ability. That meant that the current Sun Yaotian had at least 13 points of origin ability!

Sure enough!

After seeing that Su Hao had remained at 12 points since school began, Sun Yaotian’s first move upon reaching 13 points was to challenge Su Hao after successfully removing the shadow on his heart.

He probably didn’t realize that Su Hao had already reached 13 points!

Oh wait, it should be 13.5 points!

During the concert, he had learned beginner origin ability control in order to unlock beginner piano performance! Although it was weaker than beginner origin ability refinement, it still contributed 50 points and gave Su Hao better control over his energy. For someone like Su Hao that had extremely high energy consumption, it was still considered to be quite useful.

Also, there was yet another important matter!

Although Su Hao had already mastered piano’s origin ability technique, he was fairly certain that he was still incapable of playing it!

The reason was very simple. He didn’t possess enough origin ability energy.

When Master Feng had played to the audience, he had taken a full five minutes! With a simple calculation, Su Hao could already tell that his energy reserves weren’t great enough!

Su Hao had a wide variety of things that required his energy. His already scarce energy reserves were already overwhelmed, unable to bear the load.

At this time...energy refinement was necessary and there just happened to be a person with it in front of him.

Do I read it now?

No, I can’t!

Card modeling took time. If he kept staring at Sun Yaotian, he would definitely notice that something was wrong. The most important aspect was...origin ability energy! Card modeling required a great deal of energy. After coming out from Golden Hall, his energy was already depleted. Even his recovery drugs had been used!

He couldn’t squeeze out any spare energy!

Su Hao ran through countless ideas in his mind, rapidly analyzing the pros and cons of each method. Only a small moment transpired while this occurred!

According to legends, humans see their life flash before their eyes when on the brink of death. A lot could occur in a very short period of time. Su Hao would enter a similar state while conducting analysis.

“What, you don’t dare accept?”

Sun Yaotian looked at him and sneered, “These friends beside me are all from the same circle as me. If you don’t accept my challenge...it’d be rather unfortunate if news of this got out. I’m pretty sure people would criticize Chen Yiran for picking a coward like you!”

Su Hao looked at Sun Yaotian in surprise.

Sure enough, after getting rid of his shadow, he was a completely different person. It was as if they were two completely different people! He had even thought of using public opinion and Chen Yiran to provoke Su Hao.

As expected...things were no longer the same.

But did it make a difference?

“Heng!”

As if he’d been successfully provoked, Su Hao stared at Sun Yaotian and said, “Great, I accept your challenge!”

Sun Yaotian smiled, “Perfect! We will duel right now! The location will be the training ground of Jianghe City.”

“Let’s go now!”

Su Hao sneered, “How will I know that you won’t set up anything? Since you’re the one challenging me, I should be the one to decide the time and location! Tomorrow, 10 am sharp at Jianghe City’s martial arts building!”

“Deal!”

Sun Yaotian laughed, “I will be waiting for you at 10 am tomorrow!”

After agreeing, Sun Yaotian walked away with his friends.

He was very satisfied with this result. After getting rid of the shadow on his heart, Su Hao didn’t appear to be much. After a little provocation, he’d already accepted his challenge. He had tried to delay it to tomorrow morning, but so what? It didn’t matter how much of a bookworm he was. Su Hao was still a student like him!

Sun Yaotian happily left, but was totally unaware of Su Hao’s true motivation. He had accepted simply because Sun Yaotian possessed beginner origin ability refinement! There was nothing else to it.

The sky had already turned dark.

After the two hour piano concert and this brief exchange of words, it was currently already past 10 pm.

Su Hao smiled indifferently and headed home. When he arrived home, his mom had already gone to sleep.

A good meal awaited him on the dinner table as he entered. It was still warm and ready to be eaten at any time. He felt a twinge in his heart. Whenever he came home, there would always be a steaming hot meal awaiting him, reminding him that he was not alone.

All his fatigue vanished.

After he ate, Su Hao stretched his body. He heard a colliding sound. As he listened carefully, he was able to determine exactly where it was coming from.

As he pushed open the door to the training room, the sound became even clearer.

“Ha!”

“Hei!”

Peng!

Peng!

A young girl was wearing a white training uniform, her face covered in sweat. She was currently engaging the only sandbag in the room, throwing both punches and kicks. She was so engrossed in her training that she hadn’t even noticed that Su Hao had entered.

Su Hao helplessly shook his head and closed the door. Hearing the soft slam, the young girl finally noticed that someone had entered. She turned around, revealing a pleasant smile, “Bro, you’ve come back.”

Footsteps rang out through the room.

Su Ling excitedly ran over.

Su Hao burst into laughter upon seeing her so energetic. This sister of his was always full of vitality.

Su Hao rubbed her head and said in a pampering tone, “It is already so late and you’re still training.”

“En, I am already a second year.” Su Ling stuck out her tongue. She wiped her sweat off and continued in an arrogant tone, “Bro is the top student among those entering the natural selection class, a super genius. As your sister, I must get first too!”

“You...”

Su Hao helplessly smiled, “Your origin ability should have reached 9 points by now, right?”

Su Ling proudly said, “After you taught me intermediate fighting technique, my origin ability had already reached 9 points. I then learned advanced fighting technique and I already have a firm grasp over it. My origin ability has reached 9.3 points! If I keep training hard, I will reach 10 points in no time!”

“Hehe, everyone asked me how I increased 0.5 point in such a short time. I obviously didn’t tell them that bro taught me in fighting technique.”

She currently wore a look similar to that of Chen Yiran outside the pavilion the other day.

Chen Yiran had been proud of Chen Yifeng and now, Su Ling revealed the same expression. She couldn’t be considered a genius, but...she was still extremely proud of her brother.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0141 Different talent
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0141 Different talent

Translator: Yorasu | Editor:SourGummies

“Silly girl.”

Su Hao rubbed Su Ling’s little head, yet his heart sighed in sorrow.

She was in her second year of high school, yet her origin ability had already reached 9.3 points!

Su Ling’s talent was too terrifying!

Although he taught her himself, Su Ling’s understanding of fighting techniques was very good, much better than his own!

Could an ordinary family really have two geniuses appear at once?

Although Su Hao’s origin ability talent was pretty poor, his understanding of fighting technique was quick. In addition to his model analysis, his own comprehension speed had significant merit.

Looking at things from a biological standpoint, the majority of talent would be received from one’s parents, excluding any mutations.

A single mutation might have been possible, but two? The possibility was very narrow. His mother, Li Xiaoru, couldn’t integrate her origin ability and was nothing more than an ordinary citizen. As for his other half... Perhaps, their talents had come from their father?

There will be a day where I will investigate this thoroughly!

“Bro, my hair is a mess now.”

Su Ling voiced out her dissatisfaction and interrupted Su Hao.

Su Hao smiled, “Ling Er, these four basics, will get much harder at later stages. You have mastered advanced basic fighting technique. As a second year, you’ve already done very well! I could teach you police fighting technique, but are you certain you want to learn it?”

“Of course!”

Su Ling formed a tiny fist, “The day of the mock exam, I saw the results on the list. All the private school students had already learned police fighting technique, and intermediate at that! How could I, Su Ling, be any weaker than them? Not only do I want to learn it, I want to learn the advanced version! I will give them a surprise during next year’s mock exam!”

“Haha.”

Su Hao laughed out loud, “Great! Since you want to learn, brother will teach you then! Watch well!”

Su Hao controlled his strength as he walked in front of the sandbag. Beginner fighting technique was put on display. One by one, each move was displayed and aimed at the sandbag. Because the main objective would be capture, the force was that powerful. Under Su Hao’s control, it was more like a dance.

Each move was clearly put on display.

This was the culmination of several people’s experiences. He was very clear about his sister’s body and fighting condition. With her advanced yoga technique, this demonstration was but a brisk exercise for her body.

As expected.

Su Hao had only demonstrated twice and already noticed that Su Ling was beginning to catch up.

Very soon, all the movements were mastered.

Afterwards, the two of them sparred against each other. Su hao was very careful, allowing her to familiarize herself with the movements. After an hour, Su Ling had finally imprinted every movement into her mind.

It was easy to learn, but hard to train!

After remembering these movements, the remainder would all be hard work!

This was something nobody could help with!

Only after integrating all the movements into your heart and muscles could you be considered to have grasped it completely.

During his learning process, Su Hao had used his model analysis to transfer the experiences of the person he copied into his mind, allowing him to train faster! For his sister’s training, he could only watch from the sideline.

With Su Ling’s talent, however, she didn’t require any help.

Su Hao smiled indifferently as he watched Su Ling train. He believed that very soon, she would be able to cast out each movement perfectly.

“Brat, sleep earlier!”

“I know bro! I am just getting familiar with these movements. I need to get more familiar with them. It would be troublesome if I forget them tomorrow!”

Su Hao helplessly shook his head and headed back to his room.

As he thought about the events that transpired today, he was speechless! It had been a day full of action!

During the day, he had caught countless berserk beasts for his master. Then, he had attended the piano concert at night. After coming out, he was even greeted with a challenge from Sun Yaotian.

“The biggest harvest this time should be piano’s origin ability technique!”

Su Hao pondered for a moment.

If he was to count, he had managed to obtain 4 cards today! Beginner music foundation, beginner origin ability control, beginner piano performance, and also a piano’s origin ability technique, ‘I Love You So Much’.

Piano had a minimal effect on combat, but it played an important role in other aspects. Therefore, it was an important instrument.

With the existence of piano’s origin ability technique, pianist was definitely a glorious career in this day and age.

The reason he learnt it was also because of this. If he encountered any trauma in the future, he wouldn’t have the luxury of finding Master Feng! Playing one or two music pieces during his free time would be highly beneficial to boty his body and mental health!

Although he had learned these four cards, it would be awhile before he had a solid grasp over them.

Piano’s origin ability technique, music foundation, piano performance, these were things he couldn’t train. The price of origin ability piano was enormous!

Didn’t you see that the whole concert only used two pianos for the whole stage?

Along with Master Feng’s personal piano,there had been a public piano. The complexity of origin ability energy and technology made the price very high!

His family was finally living well after struggling for such a long time. If he was to buy a piano, perhaps his family would be driven into poverty again.

“Well, if I have time, I will go outside and train then.”

Su Hao continued pondering. Jianghe City had a specially prepared piano training room. Going there would be cost effective. If he had free time, he would go there instead.

Today’s main character would be the fourth card, beginner origin ability control!

Within these four cards, the one card which had an effect on combat capability was this!

Excluding Su Hao, almost everyone who had origin ability would master beginner origin ability control first.

At first, he hadn’t prioritised this, but his demands for origin ability energy had kept increasing. Su hao had obviously been overwhelmed. His model analysis already had several abilities. Each one of them required a large amount of energy. From character modeling to object modeling and so on, each one of them was a huge energy drain!

How would he control his own origin ability?

Su Hao clearly understood his control couldn’t be considered strong nor weak. Even if he had a perfect integration with the skill he learned, there would still be wasted energy. For every 100 units of energy, he would consume an additional 20 units.

If he was able to take back those 20 units, it would be similar to increasing his overall energy by 20 percent. This was quite a substantial figure.

Su Hao pondered for a bit. He really didn’t have much skill on origin ability...

“This is really a sad fact...”

Su Hao bitterly smiled. As he sat cross legged with both eyes closed, his mind began to work and began to cultivate. Shortly after practicing, a mechanical voice interrupted his cultivation.

“Ding, ding...ding, ding...”

With his eyebrows wrinkled, Su Hao opened his eyes and looked at the table. There was an older model phone, an ancient a920 phone with a giant screen. After receiving his new communication device from the natural selection class, he had turned it off and placed it on the table. He never expected it to ring after such a long time.

As he walked toward it, the phone automatically booted up, flashing a reminder at him.

The automatic reminder he had previously set had arrived. The phone would automatically boot up and issue a reminder ringtone. It was worthy of being an ancient phone. After more than a month, its battery hadn’t dropped the slightest.

Just that...at this time, what reminder did he have?

Su Hao opened the reminder with curiosity. Reading the contents, he was rooted in place, with a complex expression on his face.

“Someone’s birthday...is coming.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0142 Coming of age ceremony
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0142 Coming of age ceremony

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

--------------

Title: Birthday

Date: October 30th

Content: Good friend, Chen Yiran’s birthday

-------------

“In just a period of two months, things have gone horribly wrong.”

Su Hao sighed emotionally.As a friend, he naturally remembered Chen Yiran’s birthday. However, the current situation was no longer the same as two months prior. Could the current him really attend Chen Yiran’s birthday?

Usually, Chen Yiran’s birthday was celebrated rather discreetly.

It was usually a simple meal with family members. During the day, Su Hao would give her a present. Things were a bit different this time around though.

Because Chen Yiran was going to be 18 years old!

For wealthier families, the adults would typically organize a coming of age ceremony for the 18th birthday. The Chen family would naturally hold a large party, inviting celebrities and other important figures to their home. With his current status, he wouldn’t qualify to step a single yard past the main gate.

Su Hao shut down the phone with a heated expression.

To go or not to go?

Even after pondering over it for a long time, he still couldn’t make up his mind. In the end, he simply gritted his teeth and pushed the decision to the day of her birthday.

The most important matter was currently...cultivation!

Su Hao sat cross legged with his eyes closed. He cleared away all distractions and immersed himself in his cultivation.

The night passed by in silence.

The next morning, Su Hao headed to the martial arts building after finishing his meal.

The night’s training hadn’t gone to waste. He’d managed to get the hang of beginner origin ability control, reducing his energy consumption by roughly 10 percent. This contributed to increasing his overall strength.

Heaven rewards the diligent.

No matter the situation, Su Hao would never let himself relax.

Although he had been preoccupied with pharmacy and piano this entire week, he didn’t slack off in training body forging technique and military fighting technique. Whether it was pharmacy or piano, both were only accessories towards increasing his overall strength.

Of course, if someone could reach the level of Master Feng, they would also become an existence worthy of respect. However, even Master Feng needed the protection of others due to his deficiency in combat strength.

In Su Hao’s opinion, the senior that had created falling stars was the epitome of a powerful existence.

With just a wave of their hand, countless terrifying existences within the desert had been reduced to ashes. This...this was a truly powerful esper.

Su Hao had been impatient to learn more about his model analysis countless times.

However, there was one thing he was certain of. His current focus should be the college entrance exam! If he devoted himself to studying his model analysis and ended up failing to enroll in Zhanzheng College, that would be a cruel joke.

He wouldn’t throw away a watermelon to pick up sesame seeds.

Thus. Su Hao had been concentrating on increasing his physical fitness and fighting technique. However, if someone were to bring a gift to his doorstep, he definitely wouldn’t be polite... Especially if that gift was Sun Yaotian’s beginner origin ability refinement!

As he stepped into the martial arts building, Su Hao frowned.

This wasn’t the first time that he had come here. That was why he was able to feel the minute differences the moment he entered. There weren’t any loud noises and the environment was lacking liveliness. It was far too quiet.

As he slowly entered, Su Hao’s eyebrows twitched. Within the entire martial arts building...only Sun Yaotian and his friends were present.

“You’re pretty punctual.”

Sun Yaotian said this in a mocking tone. This was because the virtual clock on the wall showed a time of exactly 10 am. Su Hao had arrived right on time.

“I have always been a student who is punctual.”

Su Hao’s mouth raised in a smirk. As he glanced around, he captured a lot of information.

Su Hao had only brought the people from yesterday’s incident at Golden Hall with him. There weren’t any outsiders present. It seemed that Sun Yaotian still held some lingering feelings of fear. The martial arts building was so empty that an echo could be heard. This could only mean one thing. Sun Yaotian had booked the entire building.

For a wealthy second generation family like his, booking the martial arts building wasn’t a difficult task for him.

Entering martial art training room.

Both of them stood facing each other, separated by a distance of ten meters. Sun Yaotian’s friends stood far away from them, afraid to get caught in the crossfire.

Su Hao took a quick look at these friends of his. From their clothing, he could guess that they were also from rich families. Of these three people, however, one of them was much shorter. His clothes were extremely colorful, like something straight out of a comic book. It made him look like a clown. Another was the same height as Sun Yaotian, thin like bamboo and dressed in a gray robe. He was obviously a teengaer, but his appearance made him look like an elderly priest.

The last person was a fatty. He had a chubby body with a permanent smile affixed to his face.

Su Hao laughed at this scene. It seems a flower needed leaves to amplify its beauty.

Sun Yaotian, as an experienced playboy, definitely knew that most girls would lock their vision onto him upon encountering this group.

In regards to attracting women, Su Hao could only admit his inferiority.

“Indeed worthy of being the Sun family’s young master. He even chooses his friends so meticulously.” Su Hao said.

“Thanks for your praise.”

The big fat boy said so in a cheerful manner.

The short clown instantly slapped his face, “Damn, can’t you tell he was being sarcastic?”

The stick-like bamboo figured only looked on in silence.

Sun Yaotian sneered, “Since you’re here, stop uttering nonsense! In today’s duel, I will definitely take my revenge!”

With an evil grin, the entire body of Sun Yaotian released an aura, with a large amount of origin ability energy covering his body. You could clearly see that his body’s surface had been covered with a layer of silver white iron. From his clothes to his body, he appeared to have been reincarnated as an armored warrior. His entire body radiated a strong pressure.

“Huo!”

“Huo!”

Sun Yaotian threw two fists into midair. Compared to their previous duel, the current him was much stronger.

Iron cloth armor...complete!

A cold light flashed within Su Hao’s eyes. It seemed that primary iron element essence had provided quite a boon to Sun Yaotian. The previously weak iron armor cloth had been greatly improved. Sun Yaotian’s entire body had been covered in icy cold steel, transforming him into an armored warrior, emitting chilling killing intent.

Sun Yaotian’s iron armor cloth no longer simply covered his body. It was now a true origin ability technique! Beginner iron element essence increased the talent of his origin ability. Plus, beginner origin ability refinement reduced the energy consumption of this iron armor cloth. These two skills he mastered had given him a substantial increase in strength.

Not to mention, it was faster than before as well.

The condensation of Sun Yaotian’s iron armor cloth took less than a second to complete!

“Come!”

After throwing two fists and getting familiar with his movements, Sun Yaotian directly rushed toward Su Hao.

“Deng! Deng! Deng! Deng!”

Sun Yaotian sprinted. His entire body had become incredibly heavy. Every step on the ground would produce a dull sound, as if an extreme weight was pressing down. Yet, his movement was so light. Step by step, he rapidly approached. While sprinting, he built momentum.

As he neared Su Hao, his momentum had become so great that even Su hao could feel it.

“Such strong momentum!”

Su Hao exclaimed. It was worthy of being a grade A ability. With just 13 points in origin ability, he’d been able to emit such terrifying force.

If he reacher 20 or 30 points later, this origin ability would probably show its true strength. As he looked coldly at the incoming Sun Yaotian, Su Hao’s face didn’t change whatsoever as he stood there motionless.

Sun Yaotian had only needed a single second to close the gap of ten meteres between them.

Shua!

Sun Yaotian was even closer by now. A pair of fists aimed towards Su Hao’s chest.

“Hong!”

Su Hao’s figure evaded. Sun Yaotian’s blow hit on the wall of training room. A slight tremble could be felt.

What a mighty punch, it was so powerful!

An opportunity!

A cold light flashed in Su Hao’s eyes. After evading, he didn’t put any distance between them. Instead, he took the initiative to approach Sun Yaotian from behind and threw out a bombardment of punches.

His 350 points of physical fitness also produced the same scale of force.

“Heng!”

Sun Yaotian coldly grumped. His face showed a hint of disdain. As he turned his body, he threw a punch of his own.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0143 Sun Yaotian’s card
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0143 Sun Yaotian’s card

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“Hong!”

Both punches clashed!

“Ugh!”

An echo resounded in the air as the two of them groaned while making their retreat.

Su Hao took a step back while Sun Yaotian took two.

The first confrontation had been one of direct force and Su Hao had won!

“Boss had to retreat?”

The short boy exclaimed with an amusing look. They were very familiar with how strong Sun Yaotian was after equipping his iron cloth armor.AFter all, that was an origin ability skill! Sun Yaotian’s iron cloth armor already had the qualifications to be called an origin ability skill!

When he returned with a fist, even if it was only a fist, it was a perfect iron fist!

That powerful force, nobody could match it!

But...this Su Hao had been able to block it with his own physical strength. Not only that, but he had taken a single step back after their confrontation while Sun Yaotian had taken two. What did this mean? It showed that Su Hao’s strength was still above that of Sun Yaotian’s! Exactly what level had his physical fitness reached?

Perhaps...his physical fitness had been maxed out?

“No.”

The fat boy laughed as he voiced out, “Don’t worry. Su Hao had committed himself entirely to offense and the boss had to hastily defend himself. That was why he’d been unable to use the entirety of his strength. If Su Hao is really stronger than boss, would he have needed to invade in the beginning?”

As both of them discussed the situation, Sun Yaotian attacked once again.

“Kill!”

With a loud roar, Sun Yaotian fearlessly rushed forward. His body hadn’t received any damage!

Seizing a short term advantage was meaningless. Iron cloth armor not only increased his strength, but also gave him a terrifying defense. Su Hao hadn’t managed to leave any lasting injuries. After their clash, the remaining force did push him back, but it was completely filtered out by his iron cloth armor.

“Hong!”

A pair of iron fists made their way over once again. Su Hao’s stature flashed and once again, he dodged.

Su Hao’s eyes flashed as he coldly stared at Sun Yaotian.

Model analysis, start!

Character modeling!

Shua!

Blue light rays began flashing in the surrounding. The character model was quickly built. Su Hao locked his view onto the card he’d been aiming for all along, beginner origin ability refinement.

Card modeling!

Shua!

“Card selection completed...beginner origin ability refinement...model analysis...model establishing...”

Origin ability energy was established as blue light flashed. The powerful analytical ability of his model analysis began to work. At the beginning, a card only need an instant to establish. As the strength of cards increased, more time would be required.

“Hong!”

Once again, Sun Yaotian threw another fist, but Su Hao easily evaded. Both eyes stared directly at Sun Yaotian, not losing any focus.

“Let me see how long you can escape!”

Sun Yaotian sneered. He threw punch after punch at Su Hao. Under these consecutive punches, Su Hao moved like the wind. Every time, it would appear as if he was going to be struck. However, he would manage to evade by the tiniest sliver. Every subsequent punch looked as if it would blast Su Hao away, but they would always return empty handed.

“Boss is indeed domineering!”

The short clown sighed, “Under the violent attacks of boss, Su Hao can only passively evade. Sure enough, that rumor is true. Since entering natural selection class, Su Hao has encountered a bottleneck, not managing to improve whatsoever.”

“Yes.”

The fat boy nodded, “Hehe, since boss’s iron element control had a breakthrough, the power has entered another tier. Already a complete body origin ability skill, its strength is much more terrifying than the previously scattered iron covering!”

Both of them took turns praising Sun Yaotian.

But that priest like youth interrupted at this moment, “Something is not right!”

“En? What’s wrong?”

The short guy asked.

The gray cloth youth then replied, “Su Hao.”

“Su Hao isn’t right?”

The short guy was a little speechless, “Bro, can you speak more words? Every time, you only say a word or two. You’re not sick, but I’m sick of this!”

The gray cloth youth was silent for a moment before continuing, “The situation is not good.”

“...”

He really increased his words by such a tiny bit!

Cherishing words like gold, he shouldn’t be taking things this seriously!

The fat boy, as if he had achieved enlightenment, said in surprise upon taking a closer look, “What bro meant is that the duel is not right. Although Su Hao seems to be in a tight spot, didn’t you notice that Su Hao has not even been touched once? Looking at this scene, I have a feeling that boss has been toyed with this entire time by Su Hao...”

“Toying around, how could this be?”

The short guy was a bit dissatisfied, “That is our boss...ah?”

As he was mid sentence, he looked at the situation of the duel. Once again, Su Hao evaded Sun Yaotian’s attack by a hair’s width. Everything seemed to be so different now.

Sun Yaotian was indeed being toyed with!

While the person on the spot might be baffled, onlookers would have a clear look!

At this moment, in the eyes of spectators, the movements from the two of them gradually became clearer. Su Hao seemed to be keeping pace with Sun Yaotian. However, every time Sun Yaotian threw a punch, Su Hao would increase his speed by a tiny bit. Sun Yaotian was too focused to notice the situation.

Su Hao’s speed was far above that of Sun Yaotian.

This was the absolute advantage of Su Hao!

Iron cloth armor allowed the entire body to be covered with iron element, increasing strength and defense, but not speed! Although wearing it wouldn’t be a detriment to his speed, his 200 points of physical fitness didn’t hold a candle to Su Hao’s 350 points!

Speed!

The gap in speed was something which couldn’t be made up for. Su Hao easily toyed around with Sun Yaotian. Everytime he evaded, he would leave a tiny opening for Sun Yaotian to attack, making this duel breathtaking. It was just that...this was only on the surface.

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

Once again, two fists passed through Su Hao’s body. Sun Yaotian appeared to feel as if something wasn’t right.

Something is fishy!

After directing another punch forward, he finally understood what was wrong.

With Su Hao’s physical fitness...such speed wasn’t something he could match with. Even with his iron cloth armor, he could only reach 300 points of physical fitness during attack.

Su Hao had once again improved his physical fitness!

As he thoguht back to the rumors about Su Hao obtaining body forging technique, Sun Yaotian finally understood. Su Hao must had learnt body forging technique and successfully made progress in it!

That was why he could easily toy around with Sun Yaotian.

After realizing the situation, Sun Yaotian’s figure halted its attacks.

“You’re waiting for my energy to be completely consumed?” Sun Yaotian sneered at Su Hao, “I never imagined that your physical fitness would improve again. However, do you really believe that I will let myself continue to be toyed with?”

Su Hao shrugged, “At the very least, I managed to toy with you for such a long time”

“Heng!”

Sun Yaotian sneered, “The only thing to be scared of is the unknown. Since I’ve already discovered your plan, do you really think you can succeed? I will let you experience the true power of iron element control!”

“Hong!”

After Sun Yaotian finished his sentence, he actually went all out with his complete strength!

However, the atmosphere was completely different, causing Su Hao to be on alert.

In a blink of eye, Sun Yaotian had already rushed in front and directed a punch. Su Hao subconsciously evaded to the side. The iron fist passed to the side of Su Hao, but at the last possible moment, a sharp spike emerged from the iron fist.

Shua!

The terrifying spike erupted outwards, spanning several tens of centimeters. Su Hao’s pupil contracted simultaneously.

“Evade!”

“Pu ci...”

The spike travelled across Su Hao’s shoulder, leaving a long trace.

Despite managing to dodge in the nick of time, it had still passed over his shoulder, leaving a deep wound.

This time, Sun Yaotian was victorious in their clash.

Su Hao raised his head to look at Sun Yaotian. His eyes finally revealed an amazed look. This Sun Yaotian...his control over iron element had reached this stage!

At the beginning, he had completely relied on the hardness of iron.

But this time, he could already control the fine adjustment of the element. That moment of sudden emergence was a masterpiece of the fine adjustment!

This hardness, compared to Su Hao’s physical fitness, was just that. Compared to his body, what was so hard about steel?

But facing this simple spike, especially that tip...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0144 Repaying kindness
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0144 Repaying kindness

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“Dida.”

A drop of blood hit the ground.The martial arts building was completely silent. Sun Yaotian’s three followers were dumbfounded. They were also amazed by the sudden emergence of the spike by Sun Yaotian.

Obviously, this was out of their expectations.

Sun Yaotian, after getting rid of his psychological shadow, had not only grown in strength, but wisdom as well!

“I have already told you, I will defeat you!”

Sun Yaotian proudly looked at Su Hao, “This is just the interest I received. Soon, I will take back everything that you have taken away from me!”

“Really?”

Su Hao smiled indifferently. His eyes flashed as he quietly stared at him.

Because at this moment, card establishment had been completed!

Despite the numerous confrontations they’d engaged in, card establishment was finished in just 15 seconds.

It seemed that the time to establish a card was getting longer and longer. Due to all the distractions and Sun Yaotian’s movement, the required time had nearly doubled. Fortunately, everything was finished now!

“Hong!”

A loud rumble resounded within his mind. A gray card appeared.

Name: Beginner origin ability refinement

Rating: 2 star

Description: Able to increase the quality of origin ability energy, reducing energy consumption

Done!

Su Hao sighed in relief. Yet another high tier card had entered his possession. If he persisted in completing the card progress, another 100 points would be within his grasp. The most important thing would be that his terrifying energy consumption would be alleviated somewhat.

Since he had obtained what he wanted, it was time to play.

Su Hao looked at Sun Yaotian who was standing some distance from him.He slowly raised his head, the corner of his mouth revealing a smirk. Since you gained an advantage right now, it’s time to repay the favor.

Su Hao coldy stood there, not bothering to check his injury. The iron smell of blood entered his nostrils, returning him to a state similar to when hunting wild beasts.

Sun Yaotian looked at Su Hao, who was currently emitting a completely different aura from before, in surprise. After being injured, Su Hao’s aura had undergone such a huge change.

Obviously, he didn’t know that Su Hao had simply been distracted with his card modeling earlier on.

When Su Hao seriously confronted someone, he would never underestimate them!

“Trying to trick me?”

Sun Yaotian coldly laughed for a second. His figure rushed forward once again. A pair of iron clad fists made their way over towards Su Hao once again.

Su hao’s eyes glinted.. His body flashed as it disappeared.

Using the speed granted to him by his 350 point of physical fitness, he appeared behind Sun Yaotian. This young master was simply unable to react in time.

“Hong!”

A punch was directed at Sun Yaotian from behind.

As expected, a sharp spike emerged from the spot where Su Hao’s fist landed. He managed to pull back just in time to avoid being struck. If he had been slower by a millisecond, his fist would have probably been pierced through.

Iron element control was truly exquisite!

“Pu~”

Sun Yaotian spit out blood. The formidable force behind Su Hao’s punch had dealt some serious damage to him.

“Military fighting technique!”

Sun Yaotian was livid as he spat out the name of this technique. Su Hao had managed to master military fighting technique in such a short amount of time!

Basic fighting technique...police fighting technique...fighting essence...if you added military fighting technique, Su Hao’s fighting technique was rapidly approaching the limit!

Hadn’t the information he received said that Su Hao was stuck at 12 points of origin ability?

Wasn’t he supposed to be reaching his bottleneck?

The situation here didn’t look good.

“The game is only starting...”

Su Hao sneered. His figure flashed as he charged once again.

“Hong!”

Su Hao threw yet another punch at Sun Yaotian’s back, aimed at the same spot as before.

“Hong!”

He moved again, with a third punch on its way.

Feeling the incoming breeze, Sun Yaotian finally reacted. A sharp spike appeared at the same spot. Unfortunately for him though, Su Hao’s punch was directed directly next to the spike, hammering down with full force.

“Pu~”

Yet another mouthful of blood sprayed out.

The speed gap was too huge.

Everything was useless when faced with overwhelming speed.

Sun Yaotian’s face turned cold. Surprisingly, the iron cloth armor vanished. Both of his fists clenched together, as the iron elements turned into numerous iron needles, floating in front of him. It was a chilling sight.

There were dozens of iron needles.

Suspended in front of Sun Yaotian, they were obviously aimed at Su Hao.

“This...”

Su Hao’s pupils contracted.

“Sou!”

“Sou!”

Countless iron needles shot out towards Su Hao. Driven by origin ability energy, the needles flew in a straight line at a high speed.

Rows of needles covered the surrounding.

There was nowhere to hide!

“Hong!”

A cold light flashed within Su Hao’s eyes. Out of nowhere, he stomped on the ground.

The ground shook. Su Hao used the momentum to propel himself into the air and brushed through the ceiling, evading the countless needles.

“Cila~”

“Cila~”

A few iron needles had managed to pierce through Su Hao’s clothing. His clothes appeared rather ragged, but he managed to avoid any new injuries.

“Hong!”

Su Hao directed a bicycle kick at Sun Yaotian, knocking him backwards.

“Peng!”

Sun Yaotian’s figure flew backwards, striking the wall behind with significant force. With a loud crash, he fell to the ground.

The surrounding area was completely silent.

The gray clothed youth’s reaction was the fastest. With a few steps, he quickly dashed to Sun Yaotian to help him up. The short guy and fat boy also followed along in panic.

A bottle of drugs was consumed. Only then did Sun Yaotian manage to stand up.

Sun Yaotian had lost in a miserable fashion.

Even so, his mouth still revealed a trace of a smile as he said to Su Hao in a flat tone, “You won.”

The short guy looked at him with a horrified expression. He could still laugh in this moment, perhaps he had become a retard...

A strange look could be seen from Su Hao’s eyes. However, he finally understood.

Sun Yaatian had been looking forward to this duel for a long time.

After Master Feng had removed the shadow on his heart, he had come here to verify things, without caring about the outcome. Everything had proceeded as expected.

“Heh!”

Su Hao shook his head and smiled before preparing to turn around and leave.

Since he had obtained what he wanted, there was no longer any need to stay here.

“Su Hao!”

Sun Yaotian suddenly stopped him.

“En?”

Su Hao looked back, “If you still want to be beaten. I don’t mind accompanying you.”

“You’re looking down me, Sun Yaotian, too much.”

Sun Yaotian sneered, “Hatred is hatred. Kindness is kindness. No matter what, you did save me once in the task store. To return the favor, I will give you something.”

Su Hao’s eyebrows twitched, but he didn’t reply.

“Chen Yiran’s birthday is at the end of this month. You should be aware of this, right?” Sun Yaotian revealed a strange expression.

Su Hao kept silent.

“It seems that you do know about this.”

Sun Yaotian sneered, “True, how could you possibly forget. This is in return for you saving me. From now on, we’re equal. The next time we meet, it will be war!”

Sun Yaotian handed over a red card. Su Hao opened it and had a look. It turned out to be an invitation to Chen Yiran’s birthday!

Su Hao was shocked.

He had hesitated in participating in Chen Yiran’s birthday because it was a coming of age ceremony. It was a significant day for Chen Yiran! He never expected to receive an invitation from none other than Sun Yaotian!

This was extremely ironic!

That time when Sun Yaotian had been in a crisis, the only one who stood up and helped was Su Hao.

And now, when Su Hao needed an invitation, the one who had helped him turned out to be Sun Yaotian?

Sun Yaotian was this kind?

No!

Absolutely not!

Su Hao’s mind moved like electricity and instantly understood. This Sun Yaotian...he must be trying to use the pressure from the upper class to attack him.

Chen Yiran’s coming of age ceremony, if Su Hao appeared...what would the result be?

The countless wealthy people invited by the Chen family would gossip endlessly. Was that a good thing for Chen Yiran? For the Chen family, was that something good?

When it was time gifts, could Su Hao give a surprising gift?

If it was too ordinary, perhaps even Chen Yiran would be ridiculed... See, that is the boyfriend Chen Yiran fancied, haiya, so poor... Yeah, Chen Yiran’s boyfriend is only so.

Su Hao didn’t care about this, but that didn’t mean that he didn’t have to consider Chen Yiran’s feelings.

This invitation he had eagerly been waiting for had become a headache!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0145 Who is the white killer?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0145 Who is the white killer?

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“Remember to come.”

Noticing his hesitation, Sun Yaotian laughed out loud, “We are all schoolmates. If you have any difficulties, like buying a present, feel free to ask for help. Haha.”

After Sun Yaotian finished his sentence, he prepared to leave.

However, Su Hao raised a hand to stop him.

“En?”

Sun Yaotian tensed his body.

Su Hao slowly walked forward and looked at him with calm eyes. Those cold eyes made Sun Yaotian alert, “What’re you trying to do?”

Su Hao sneered.

Today’s Sun Yaotian...he seemed to be very lively?

Interesting.

After he had started adding layer after layer of shadows on Sun Yaotian’s heart, the latter had not possessed the courage to provoke him for a very long time. After getting rid of the shadow, however, not only did he dare to challenge Su Hao, but he even employed a variety of methods. It was because these actions of his were so appropriate that Su Hao felt both helpless and passionate at the same time.

Compared to the current Sun Yaotian, Su Hao preferred the previous one.

This... It seems that I need to add some fuel to the fire?

Thinking of this, Su Hao’s mouth raised in a smile and said, “That night at Golden Nightclub, the girl was pretty good. It was too bad that there was a butterfly tattoo on her body...”

After saying this, Su Hao walked off, leaving him behind.

Sun Yaotian was startled.

Was this Su Hao a retard?

What was he talking about?

Hold on...Golden Nightclub...girl...that night...butterfly tattoo...Sun Yaotian felt that his soul was about to leave his body. These things, how could he know about it!

Unless...unless...he was the white killer!

“Hong!”

Sun Yaotian trembled, his entire body shaking. His face instantly paled!

The white killer...was Su Hao!

As he recalled the cold stare of Su Hao’s, his entire body dripped with sweat. No, impossible! It was absolutely impossible! How could Su Hao be the white killer?

That white killer was a professional variant esper!

Sun Yaotian kept repeating these thoughts within his heart. However, after entertaining the idea for but a brief moment, he was no longer able to suppress it... Yes, this was the only thing that connected everything. Su Hao was certainly the person responsible for making the Sun family suffer through this catastrophe. As he laid unconscious, Su Hao must have made his move.

The blue dream butterfly incident had made the Sun family suffer greatly.

Because of this, he had appeared in the scene without knowing anything. Su Hao had been seeking his revenge.

Su Hao...white killer...

Sun Yaotian was frozen in place. His mouth could be seen murmuring, as if he had gone mad.

“Boss, boss, what happened to you?”

The short guy asked nervously.

“Get lost!”

Sun Yaotian roared and pushed him to the side. “No, I must tell my dad! I must inform him!”

Thinking of this, Sun Yaotian rushed outside like a madman.

The three who remained in the martial arts building looked at each other.

Exactly what was happening?

Sun Yaotian had been in a similar state several times before. It had been on the occasions where he had nearly been tortured to death by Su Hao, driving him to the brink of collapse. However, after yesterday’s piano concert, he was made a full recovery!

What kind of trouble was he in now?

Su Hao had casually said something and Sun Yaotian had almost collapsed.

The three of them bitterly smiled and quickly followed along.

Jianghe City.

A floating car dashed through the sky at a high speed, leaving a stream of gorgeous lights behind. The shiny brand logo in front made everyone give way, keeping their distance. Very few people could afford to sit in such a car in Jianghe City! Such an existence was definitely not someone they could provoke.

Just like that, he violently charged back home.

“Hong!”

The main door of the house was shoved open by Sun Yaotian as he staggered along, entering the house.

Living room.

Sun Batian held a cup of tea and slowly sipped on it. Hearing the loud sound, his hand trembled for a bit. A large amount of tea had spilled onto the floor. As he raised his head, he was shocked to see his son’s current appearance.

Sun Yaotian was currently messily dressed in blood covered clothing. He looked exactly like someone who had just finished receiving a beating. Coupled with his pale face, if Sun Batian were to say he wasn’t embarrassed by this sight, nobody would believe him!

“What happened? Yaotian?” Sun Batian asked.

“Dad, dad...”

Sun Yaotian apprehensively continued. Grabbing his father’s hand, his mouth trembled as he said, “Dad, Su Hao...Su Hao is the white killer!”

Sun Batian was stunned, “What did you say?”

“Su Hao! He is the white killer! That day, the blue dream butterfly incident, the killer was him!” Sun Yaotian continued in a jittery manner, “It’s true. This time, I didn’t lie. Su Hao personally admitted it!”

“Personally admitted?”

Sun Batian remained silent, “Did you find him? Your injuries...”

“I had a duel with him. I lost and got injured in process.”

After saying so, he became anxious as he looked at Sun Batian’s expression, “Dad, that’s not the main point here. He really is the white killer!”

“Ai.”

Sun Batian sighed, “He personally told you?”

“Yes.”

Sun Yaotian nodded.

Sun Batian bitterly laughed, “If you were Su Hao, would you reveal your identity to others??”

“I...”

Sun Yaotian was dumbfounded and instantly shocked.

True, if he really was the white killer, would he tell others about it? Additionally, it had been to his own enemy, a person who couldn’t wait to put him to death. Of course not! Was he that retarded? Would Su Hao do so?

All kinds of thoughts flashed within his brain..

Sun Yaotian opened his mouth wide and said in an unbelievable tone, “Don’t tell me...he lied to me?”

Sun Batian frowned and sighed.

He really felt powerless.

Even though he was powerful in Jianghe City, he was powerless in regards to helping his son How many times was this, yet he still hadn’t grown up! He would constantly be played with by his foes, causing Sun Batian extreme disappointment...

“No, this isn’t right. Su Hao knew of the tattoo belonging to the girl I f*cked at Golden Nightclub...” Sun Yaotian quickly said.

“A butterfly tattoo?”

Sun Batian said in a flat tone.

“Yes.” Sun Yaotian nodded in agreement, but opened his eyes in shock afterwards, “Eh, this is wrong. Dad, how did you...”

Sun Batian tapped on the virtual screen a few times and placed it in front of Sun Yaotian.

Sun Yaotian had a look at it and his face turned red.

That was a news report. In the report, it had details of Sun family’s young master, Sun Yaotian and the events regarding blue dream butterfly. This was all the work of the Sun family’s public relations efforts. In order for Sun Yaotian to elude suspicion, the details of that night were revealed to the public. Sun Yaotian was just a bystander that had gotten caught up in the midst of things and hadn’t been participating in the experiments.

In order to make the report look real, all sort of images were naturally released. Among them,there was a photo of the girl from Golden Nightclub... Photos of the broken window, broken glasses, and the butterfly tattoo behind the girl were clearly visible.

Sun Yaotian was dumbfounded.

So....this butterfly tattoo came from here?

“Go down then.”

Sun Batian was completely speechless, not even possessing the urge to reprimand his son. He hadn’t even known about a report involving himself. He hadn’t even glanced at it a single time. Even Su Hao had known about it, yet his own son didn’t care at all? This son...truly was a disappointment.

“Yes!”

Sun Yaotian timidly replied and exited. His face didn’t look great.

He knew that his position within his father’s heart had hit rock bottom once again. How could he have entered here without giving the matter any serious thought? This Su Hao...wrong!

Sun Yaotian’s mind became alert. He was this anxious not because of Su Hao’s words, but because of the aura Su Hao displayed during the duel and...those eyes!

That night at Golden Nightclub, although he couldn’t see anything clearly, he could had been able to see the eyes of his attacker. That touch of coldness within the eyes of white killer was the same as Su Hao’s!

Was that really Su Hao?

Sun Yaotian felt like turning back and telling Sun Batian again, but he hesitated. Right now, his dad was very disappointed with him. Perhaps whatever he said right now would be fall into deaf ears.

However, if Su Hao really was the killer in white robe, how could he hide from Sun Batian? That was impossible!

Maybe...I ‘ve thought too much about this, falling into Su Hao’s scheme.

Sun Yaotian comforted himself.

In future, he would definitely not be fooled again! Thinking of how he had just appeared and the visible disappointment of Sun Batian, he felt ashamed of himself.

“Su Hao...”

Sun Yaotian clenched his fist in hatred, “Let me see how are you will embarrass yourself in Chen Yiran’s coming of age ceremony!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0146 Evaluate
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0146 Evaluate

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

Sun family’s living room.

Sun Batian sat there quietly. After keeping silent for quite some time, he faintly said, “Yingzi, come out.”

Shua!

A shadow flashed.

A man in black appeared in front of Sun Batian. He had one knee on ground as he held a sheathed sword that gave off a rather unusual aura. His demeanor gave the feeling that a terrifying power would be unleashed with the unsheathing of the sword.

“Tell me again what happened at that time.”

“Yes!”

The man in black relayed the entirety of the events that had transpired in the martial arts building. Of course, there wasn’t much to convey other than the fact that Sun Yaotian had challenged Su Hao and lost. Sun Yaotian had appeared to regain his confidence, but everything had changed after Su Hao uttered that sentence.

With a single line, all of Sun Yaotian’s advantages disappeared and even the treatment of his psychological shadow had nearly collapsed!

One careless mvoe and the entire game was lost.

Sun Yaotian was completely defeated once again.

“A good move, a good scheme!” Sun Batian praised, “He was able to use all the clues to deal blows in both fighting and psychological aspects. This Su Hao...worthy of being the top student amongst the freshmen.”

Yingzi who was still kneeling on the ground was confused about Sun Batian’s intentions.

Was this sarcasm?

Or perhaps it really was praise?

He was a bodyguard trained by Sun family that had reached the level of a professional variant esper. Now, he only had one task...protect Sun Yaotian! Normally, he would hide in the darkness and monitor Sun Yaotian. Unless there was a life and death crisis, he wouldn’t appear.

He wouldn’t have shown himself today if Sun batian hadn’t requested it.

By calling him right now... Perhaps there was a new task? For example...to assassinate Su Hao?

Thinking of this, Yingzi’s eyes shined, “Master, should I make Su Hao...”

“No need!”

Sun Batian interrupted him, “You don’t have to intervene in the matter between Yaotian and Su Hao. Remember, your task is to protect Yaotian!”

“Yes.”

Yingzi respectfully replied.

Sun Batian then calmly said in a majestic tone, “Su Hao is the ultimate test I prepared for Yaotian! It is part of the process of molding him into a strong esper. This route, he must walk alone till the end. If you kill Su Hao, I’m afraid Yaotian’s achievements would stop here.”

“As the successor to the Sun family, if Yaotian can’t even face a student like Su Hao, how could he face the enemies of the Sun family? How could he face those wolves with the ambition of toppling the Sun family’s power?”

Yingzi came to a realization. So this was what was going on. Master’s plans weren’t something he could have guessed. In order to train Sun Yaotian, master had made many sacrifices.

“I believe young master will understand your intentions.”

“I don’t need him to understand.” Sun Batian sneered, “As long as he can inherit the Sun family, who cares f he understands? Too bad...if Yaotian was half as smart as Su Hao, I wouldn’t even mind passing the Sun family to him.”

Yingzi was shocked at this.

This...

Such a high evaluation!

Master actually had such a high evaluation of Su Hao!

Noticing the puzzled look of Yingzi, Sun Batian casually said, “Su Hao, he himself knew that he was a stepping stone. It is precisely because of this point that he isn’t worried about me killing him. Even in a huge crisis, Su Hao would be able to find a good position accurately. Even a stepping stone can light up brightly! Such people, although he might not become the strongest esper, he will be successful!”

Yingzi was shocked to the point of being unable to speak.

For so many years, he had never heard master give such a high evaluation of a teenager that was still a student! He would inevitably have great achievements? This...a grade E talent student that was doomed to to have no future?

“Alright, you can go now. You just have to protect Sun Yaotian well.”

Sun Batian calmly said.

Yingzi nodded and once again disappeared into the air.

“Kill Su Hao...”

Sun Batian sighed. Looking at the virtual screen on the coffee table, he mumbled, “Already missed the best chance.”

On the coffee table, a layer of virtual screen shown.

Above the screen, all sorts of information was displayed. Obviously, he had been enjoying the content above before Sun Yaotian came. The top line had a title - Pharmacist Association, berserk master Zhang Zhongtian’s disciple has shown himself. This Su Hao is definitely someone to take note of!

If it was before, any ordinary student dying wasn’t anything noteworthy. But now...there was a horrifying drug master standing behind Su Hao! Although the Sun family wasn’t afraid of him, nobody would want to offend a drug master unless it was absolutely necessary.

Because it was impossible to know how a drug master would seek his revenge!

Would you risk offending a powerful esper for the sake of someone who merely had the potential to become powerful? Or perhaps, kill someone who was a powerful esper himself? Only a retard would entertain such thoughts.

So, the Sun family could no longer take it easy when facing Su Hao.

Outside the martial arts building.

Su Hao casually walked out. Since beginner origin ability refinement was now in his possession, it was time for him to train.

As for the words he said to Sun Yaotian...he wasn’t worried at all.

After his victory against Sun Yaotian, he could feel a faint murderous intent locking onto him.

Someone was protecting Sun Yaotian!

Su Hao was pretty sure that the moment he decided to deal a killing blow, that man hiding in darkness would give a fatal blow to him.

That was why Su Hao had decided upon this route.

He believed that when Sun Yaotian told Sun Batian about the white killer, Sun Batian would definitely consult the bodyguard first.

Everything had gone as he had predicted.

Right now, Su Hao was more concerned with his own strength.

Although he had won, it was much harder than before. Sun Yaotian’s strength had improved tremendously since they previously fought.

That emergence of a spike, endless iron needles...

Sun Yaotian’s strength was in a period of rapid growth.

As for Su Hao’s strength, it increased at a slow pace. This was especially true for grade A origin abilities. As the special characteristics of the origin ability began to show, the absolute advantage of fighting technique and physical fitness would be continuously reduced.

“The current me, can I win while facing Zhou Wang?”

Su Hao asked himself this, but was unable to come up with an answer.

In fact, he had never fought with Zhou Wang before. Zhou Wang, Bai Lingfeng, Li Xin...plus the current Sun Yaotian...

They were all rapidly progressing in strength!

“The role of talent is becoming more and more obvious.” Su Hao pinched his own fist, “My mutated model analysis, my model world, my future entirely depends on you guys...”

Breakthrough!

A burst of light could be seen in Su Hao’s eyes. No matter how strong the other side was, his heart would never waver!

Because he always believed that heaven rewarded the diligent!

After coming back home, Su Hao wrapped up his injury. As he drank a bottle of body restoration drug, he began to try breaking through beginner origin ability refinement.

Rush! Rush! Rush!

Once he mastered this skill, his origin ability would directly rush from 13.5 to 14.5 points. Of course, the most important aspect would be the improvement to his overall strength!

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

Su Hao was fully immersed in his breakthrough for a total of three days.

Besides eating and sleeping, all of his time was spent on training. His origin ability energy usage didn’t stop at all as he tried to breakthrough while recovering at the same time. The progress of card reading slowly increased.

Even body forging technique and beginner military fighting technique training were not put aside.

Every morning, he had to train body forging technique at least once. As for beginner military fighting technique, he had already had an incomparable mastery.

Based on Su Hao’s estimation, the best time for him to start training intermediate military fighting technique would be upon his return to school. As for beginner origin ability refinement, it would be read completely in just five more days!

“Hong!”

Waking up from his training, he slowly stood up. In this quiet room of his, he could clearly heard the sound coming from his wrist.

“Weng~”

“Weng~”

Two vibrations and the communication device no longer moved!

Su Hao activated the virtual screen and his eyes suddenly lit up. Task!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0147 Old wine
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0147 Old wine

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

A task had finally arrived!

Su Hao had set certain criteria within the task listing system in order to receive tasks that were only relevant to his interests.

Screening out all the tasks with too few reward points!

Tasks with a low star rating were excluded!

Tasks which required 15 points of origin ability or more were completely ignored!

After excluding the trivial matters which had various conditions, the task list instantly refreshed itself.

After all the extensive screening he had done, there were almost no tasks left!

A task would occasionally appear, but they were far too difficult or dangerous. Su Hao had considered taking on some of these tasks, but had ultimately not accepted any. Another task had finally appeared.

Su Hao opened it to have a look. The task information appeared.

--------------------------

Looking for long lost centuries old wine.

Task star: Two stars

Task requirement: None

Task receiver: None

Description: I’m originally a villager from Fengshan Village of Jianghe City. During the outbreak of the origin ability era, I hurriedly fled, leaving the home unclean. Under the cellar in the backyard of my old home, there was this bottle of centuries old wine.

Task reward: 1000 task points.

---------------------

“1000 task points!”

Su Hao had to admit, he was amazed by this.

Such a generous reward!

1000 task points was a huge amount! Previously, he had worked both day and night just to get a few hundred task points. If not for the video and his progress in the berserk beast domain, he didn’t dare imagine how long it would have taken him to get body forging technique.

This task reward of 1000 points was nearly twice as high as the blue dream butterfly and protecting little loli missions combined.

The difficulty of this task...

After calming down from the shock, Su Hao carefully read it again and started analyzing the description.

For the most part, there wasn’t anything special. It basically consisted of going back to a location and retrieving a bottle of wine. However, Su Hao paid attention to these words, ‘Fengshan Village of Jianghe City’.

Fengshan Village...

Such a familiar name.

Su Hao recalled something from the back of his mind and was startled. He remembered!

Fengshan Village was a small village in the remote areas of Jianghe City. There wasn’t anything special about it. After the outbreak of the origin ability era, that place became entirely occupied by berserk beasts. The villagers had long ago fled into inner part of Jianghe City.

It seemed that this task wasn’t that difficult.

But...traveling from Jianghe City to Fengshan Village would require 4 hours with a suspension car!

4 hours wasn’t too long, but to do so while driving a suspension car?

There was no need to guess. Within several minutes of exiting the city, it would be completely wrecked by flying berserk beasts.

If it was on the ground, the result would be the same. In a matter of minutes, berserk beasts would shred the car. A suspension car in the domain of berserk beats was like a lit torch. It was similar to a beautiful girl rushing into a pack of wolves.

The only method available to him was with his own feet.

But...if he were to walk, this route would take more than 3 days!

Traveling through berserk beast territory for 3 days?

Su Hao finally understood why this task was worth a full 1000 points!

“If I’m quick, it shouldn’t take 3 days, I think. The reward to time spent ratio is quite high.” Su Hao pondered for a moment. He carefully read it again and noticed something he had previously missed.

Task receiver: None

“Task receiver? I don’t recall seeing this before.”

Su Hao frowned. He was shocked as he checked the details of the system. Damn it!

The so-called task receiver, was a restriction requirement for accepting the task. Under normal circumstances, it would be a personal task. However, the task receiver was marked out this time! In other words, there was no limit to the number of people that could accept this task! In short, it meant that it didn’t matter who you were or how powerful you were. As long as you could return the wine, you would receive the 1000 task points!

“For the school to post a 1000 task point reward, the reward offered must be enormous!”

A cold light flashed within Su Hao’s eyes. If he was to accept this task, it meant that he would not only face berserk beasts, but others too!

Su Hao pondered for a bit before gritting his teeth and accepting!

Why wouldn’t I accept?

He had already given up several times. Was he going to give up every time?

Since he had mastered military fighting technique and his beginner origin ability refinement was still in progress, it was in his best interests to accept a task at this moment.

Shua!

Su Hao touched the accept button and instantly accepted this task. In an instant, a map of Fengshan village popped out.

After tapping the automatic navigation option, a red road was marked out above the map.

After comparing the route with a map of known berserk beat territories, you could clearly tell that many parts of the route required you to pass directly through the midst of berserk beast territories. It was very dangerous.

“It seems that I have to make some preparations.”

The same day, Su Hao went on a shopping spree in Jianghe City’s stores.

When Su Hao returned home at night, everything had already been prepared.

The large package of compressed biscuits and travel essentials was enough to last him for quite some time.

The small crossbow was the same weapon he had used when confronting red jackals. However, Su Hao had added something special to the arrows this time around.

He also packed some outdoor equipment, bandages, clothes, and various bottles.

There were several bottles of water to accompany the various drugs he had packed. Before leaving, he had deliberately gone to his master’s store to take all sorts of drugs, both useful and useless. In short, he had taken a bottle of everything... Master Zhang’s face had turned green once again...

After packing up properly, Su Hao headed towards the city’s outskirts early next morning.

Most of the tasks he had taken were outside of the city. Su hao had already accustomed himself to this. After greeting Zhou tiancai and his colleagues at the city gates, he began his journey.

The virtual screen projected from his wrist flickered as his navigator continued to guide him.

Based on his analysis of the route last night, he had ended up creating a new route. The route suggested by the navigation route had been far too dangerous, traveling directly through the center of berserk beast territory. Su Hao had expected to perish before even reaching the halfway point.

Thus, after doing his own research, he had come up with a completely different route from the suggested one.

The distance was much longer than the previous route. The required detours would add at least another day to his travel time. However, this route only skirted the edges of berserk beast territory. Most of the time, passing through these areas wouldn’t attract too much attention from berserk beasts. There were only a few spots where he couldn’t avoid doing so.

And the first one was the machinery wine factory!

This machinery wine factory was located at the suburban region of the north side of a vacant area, covering a huge amount of area. It was one of the recommended routes to take on the map as it was fairly straightforward.

In order to avoid attracting the attention of the surrounding berserk beasts, Su Hao had to run through the entire factory!

“Sou!”

Su Hao passed a familiar place. A group of red jackals noticed him and instantly rushed towards him, as if he had stepped on their tails.

Su Hao sneered and marched forward!

Peng!

Peng!

Peng!

With a single punch each, Su Hao had killed all of those raging red jackals in the blink of an eye!

This was too easy. With his much stronger physical fitness, a single punch was all he needed to kill red jackals.

“Such a nostalgic feeling.”

Su Hao smiled. As he was about to leave, he noticed a student carefully crawling in. He was surprised by the scene in front of him.

“An enemy?”

A cold light briefly flashed within Su Hao’s eyes. However, he relaxed after noticing that this student was someone from his owns school. And...he was a second year student!

“Doing a task?”

Su Hao’s mind moved. That student looked at him in alert and the red jackals under his feet. Su Hao suddenly laughed.

Wasn’t this similar to the previous him?

“Peng!”

Su Hao kicked a few red jackals over, scaring the wits out of the student.

Su Hao casually said, “I will give you these materials. Quickly return after you finish your task. Very soon, this place will get rather hectic. It is better not to accept any tasks outside the city.”

“Thanks big brother.”

The student gratefully said.

“Big brother...”

Su Hao was speechless. Shaking his head, he turned away. At that time, a student from Zhanzheng College had helped him and given him a good opportunity. This time, he had helped this little guy.

The cycle of karma was quite interesting.

After continuing his journey for a few hours, he had killed quite a number of berserk beasts. Su Hao had a look at the map. His heart was alert, “In front...it should be that machinery wine bar.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0148 Machinery wine factory
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0148 Machinery wine factory

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

Machinery wine factory was in fact, a wine factory.

The name Machinery had come about during the period where wine making machines had been introduced, due to a lack of imagination on behalf of the factory manager. When the era of origin ability arrived, a few rats that occupied the land mutated. Under the influence of origin ability, they became terrifying drunk rat beasts.

Drunk rat beasts had strength equivalent to 12 points in origin ability. It was a creature that crawled along the ground, with a huge body spanning half a meter in length. Its most prominent characteristic would be its mouth of razor sharp teeth. It clearly displayed its love of biting things. Because it had mutated in Machinery wine factory, it was rather fond of wine.

Su Hao looked at Machinery wine factory, which was still quite some distance from him, as these bits of information passed through his brain.

The navigation system had actually recommended several routes that didn’t pass through this region, but Su Hao had other thoughts. He believed that Machinery wine factory was actually the most suitable route.

Because drunk rat beasts were close combat beasts, Su Hao possessed enough capability to cope with them. The other routes were not as forgiving. For example, 500 meters to the left of Machinery wine factory was an area filled with all sorts of mutated bats. Facing their constant ultrasonic attack, Su Hao imagined that not even a speck of dust wouldn’t be left behind if he were to recklessly travel there.

After quickly looking around to confirm that there were no other berserk beasts wandering around, Su hao entered Machinery wine factory.

“Squeak!”

The sound exhibited by the iron door shocked Su Hao.

Luckily, the entirety of Machinery wine factory remained quiet on the interior. Su Hao raised his head to take a look around. The unfamiliar machines in front were most likely the wine making equipment. There wasn’t a single drunk rat beast to be seen.

“Strange...”

Not a single berserk beast could be found. This type of situation only served to make Su Hao more vigilant.

Su hao leaned against the wall closest to him to verify it as such, before slowly walking forward. By doing so, even if enemies were to appear, he wouldn’t be surrounded by them.

“Dida...”

A drop of water fell. An echo resounded through the empty wine factory.

Su Hao felt an ominous feeling. Why...was not even a single drunk rat beast appearing?

According to the knowledge he had learned in theoretical basis, if a berserk beast was unable to be found in its territory, that could only mean one thing. They had already all been killed by other berserk beasts! And of course, these berserk beasts had to be much more powerful.

Su Hao wasn’t willing to face such a powerful unknown enemy.

There were too many variables, too many things that could go wrong.

“Dida...dida...”

Su Hao remained extremely quiet, not bothering about the dripping noise. Whether or not there were berserk beasts, he just hoped that he could remain unnoticed as he traveled through this route. However, after walking close to 100 meters, he felt a sudden breeze from behind him.

“Hong!”

Su Hao stepped to the side and a shadow slammed into the wall. A large hole was formed in the process!

Su Hao took a glance, revealing a trace of joy.

Drunk rat beast!

It seems that this guy had survived elimination.

“Great.”

Su Hao licked his lips and rushed forward.

“Si...”

The drunk rat beast furiously charged at Su Hao. With its four strong limbs and sparkling teeth accompanying those beady red eyes, it had caused the ordinary rats in the area to tremble. It leaped forward, heading towards Su Hao.

“Heng!”

Su Hao sneered. Since I already know that you’re just a drunk rat beast, what is there to be afraid of?

Peng!

Su Hao aimed a kick at the belly of the drunk rat beast with all of his strength. The drunk rat beast rolled on the ground, landing quite some distance from him

Su Hao was even more formidable than berserk beasts when comparing their strength.

This drunk rat beast only held an advantage through its sharp teeth. As long as he didn’t give it an opportunity to bite him, this terrifying drunk rat beast was like a fish in front of a cat.

“Zhi...zhi...”

The drunk rat beast picked itself up and rushed forward once again. Su Hao wrapped a white cloth around his right hand and punched forward. As the drunk rat beast reached Su Hao, its head came into contact with his fist.

This drunk rat beast, with its agile body and sharp teeth, was a headache for ordinary hunters.

However, compared to Su Hao who had better physical fitness, the only fitting description would be - too weak!

He had complete control over the situation!

“Hong!”

Su Hao directed another punch at the drunk rat beast, causing it to stick to the wall. His fighting point instantly burst out, empowering his fist with origin ability energy. This punch landed directly on the drunk rat beast’s belly.

“Pu...”

A flow of energy travelled through Su Hao’s fist into the drunk rat beast. Its body instantly halted all movements.

“Dead.”

Su Hao pulled his hands back towards his body and tightly wrapped the white cloth around his fist to his arm.

This was something he had carefully packed. He had even packed multiple. There had been two points he had taken into consideration. Firstly, you would never know if they would have an additionally ability. If there were any infections or something similar, it would be rather troublesome for him. For Su Hao, who was a close combat fighter, it was even more dangerous.

The other reason was...hygiene!

Come on, that was still a rat no matter how you looked at it!

“Sou!”

Yet again another drunk rat beast charged at him. Su Hao was shocked, but managed to quickly evade. Before he had the time to catch his breath, he saw yet another shadow emerge. Another drunk rat beast fell from above, rushing towards him.

“Damn it!”

Su Hao cursed himself and quickly retreated.

Shua!

With one in front and one behind him, Su Hao was sandwiched between these two drunk rat beasts.

“Two...”

Su Hao sneered for a second as he pulled out the fang from his waist. Surprisingly, these berserk red jackal fangs had become an essential weapon of his. A few moments ago, when he had disposed of those red jackals, he had removed the fang that had appeared sharpest.

“Sou!”

The drunk rat beasts didn’t wait for him to ready himself and dashed forward. Su Hao felt rather tense upon being charged from both the front and back.

“This distance...”

Su Hao’s mind quickly analyzed. Based on the distance and their charging speed, two two of the would reach him at the same time! Working in tandem, these berserk beasts appeared to have some wisdom.

“I will force you two to face me alone then.”

Su Hao sneered and looked over, before rapidly rushing towards that direction. .

“Zhi...zhi...”

The drunk rat beast saw Su Hao coming over. Its small red eyes shined as it swiped its sharp claws at Su Hao.

“Ci la...”

A splat of blood formed in the air.

At the very last second, Su Hao had ducked as the drunk rat beast passed him. The fang in his hand had easily drawn a gaping wound on its belly. It fell to the ground and twitched several times before halting all signs of life. As for the second drunk rat beast that had courageously continued moving forward, Su Hao easily disposed of it.

With his current strength, fighting an enemy with strength equivalent to 12 points in origin ability was far too trivial .

“Deng!”

Su Hao saw a platform in front and leaped on top of it.

Machinery wine factory was incredibly huge. Luckily, there weren’t any complicated pathways that connected various areas together. The factory was a completely open space, with a straight path from the front door to the back door! There weren’t any doubts in his mind that if he kept rushing forward, he would reach the back door in no time!

“500 meters left!”

Su Hao was on full alert. After reaching this point, there weren’t any walls around him.

Both sides were full of machines. The only accessible path was the route forward. As he looked around, there wasn’t a single drunk rat beast to be seen. However, Su Hao knew that they had hid themselves in the machinery to the left and right of him.

Shua!

Su Hao took a step forward. He still couldn’t detect any movement.

Shua!

Yet another step forward without any movement.

Shua!

After taking a third step, a high pitched sound could be heard. A few drunk rats scrambled out from around him, quickly surrounding him.

“Damn!”

“Four of them!”

Su Hao’s pupil contracted. One versus four?

“Hong!”

Without giving Su Hao a chance to react, these four drunk rat beasts charged at Su Hao. Their speed was fast. Su Hao tightened his grip on the fang in his hand. He knew that this would be an all out war!

“Hong!”

Su Hao’s figure flickered and rapidly sprinted. It was the same action as before.

Since it was a one versus four situation, he managed to distance himself from three of them with his sprint. As he jumped forward, he fiercely drew a line across the belly of the drunk rat beast in front of him.

“Pu ci~”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0149 Fleeing in an absurd manner
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0149 Fleeing in an absurd manner

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

One hit kill!

The belly of drunk rat beasts was the most vulnerable part of their bodies. After being pierced by such a large fang, there was only one possible outcome.

“Zhi, zhi~”

The rich iron taste of the blood seemed to agitate the primal instincts of the drunk rat beasts. Traces of red flashed through their beady little eyes. The three of them grouped together, baring their teeth.

“You think I’ll be afraid if you regroup?”

Su Hao sneered. He marched forward without hesitation, the fang in his hand harvesting the lives of the drunk rat beasts like the grim reaper’s sickle.

Although their advantage in numbers had made things harder for Su Hao, the gap in strength meant that he was still easily able to dispose of them!

“Hong!”

Su Hao’s punch killed the last remaining drunk rat beast. Without delay, he rushed forward.

“200 meters remaining.”

Shua!

Another handful of drunk rat beasts appeared. It was the same number as before, four in total. There were two in front of him and two to his rear. With his previous experience in dealing with them, Su Hao was able to easily deal with them.

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

The four drunk rat beasts were all massacred in an awful manner!

As he moved forward, Su Hao noticed that the drunk rat beasts were simply too few in number. It seemed that every section of the route would contain them, but only in limited numbers. At most, there would be four, incapable of providing any threat to him.

Too little!

Did Machinery wine factory really possess such a small number of drunk rat beasts?

Something wasn’t right!

The information he had obtained had shown that this location was a hotspot for drunk rat beasts. This meant that there should have been countless such beasts here! It definitely wouldn’t be like this, with drunk rat beasts randomly appearing here and there!

Moreover, these drunk rat beasts gave Su Hao a strange feeling.

These drunk rat beasts seemed to have undergone training. Regardless of their numbers, they appeared to have attacked with a plan in mind. Who had taught them all of this? Did these beasts have such wisdom?

No, definitely not!

If they were that intelligent, how would they let themselves be slaughtered by him so easily?

He shook his head as he put this absurd notion behind him. Su Hao mumbled to himself, “Perhaps these drunk rat beasts had warred with other beasts before. The result was so tragic that only these small numbers remained.”

Su Hao carefully moved forward as he analyzed the limited information he had.

Based on the data, they must have suffered from a disaster. With such a large scale event, there must be a leader directing them. In other words, within these drunk rat beasts, there was a king!

However, the moment Su Hao had entered, he had faced wave after wave of drunk rat beasts. They had lacked both organization and discipline in fighting. In short, they had rushed forward without any thoughts about whether or not they could defeat Su Hao. That was why Su Hao had been able to easily dispose of them. That was too silly!

If they had an organizational structure, the result would certainly be different!

Su Hao continued to kill them until he reached the end. He had finally passed through the winemaking area. He was now facing a large warehouse that had previously been used to store wine.

The length and width were both around 100 meters. If Su Hao sprinted, a few seconds were more than enough to travel its length.

However, Su Hao had an ominous feeling similar to before. As he thought back to his absurd idea, he became even more wary. Had the drunk rat beasts outside really been acting on their own?

Su Hao carefully walked into the warehouse and took a peek, leaving him in shock.

A large number of drunk rat beasts were lying around, intoxicated from drinking wine. All those pairs of red eyes shifted towards Su Hao. Upon noticing him, their mood shifted.

“Sou!”

“Sou!”

Countless drunk rat beasts suddenly charged at Su Hao. Su Hao’s face took on an awful expression. He quickly turned around and ran.

“Run!”

Although the back door was less than 100 meters away, Su Hao didn’t hesitate to retreat. Behind him, countless drunk rat beasts were in hot pursuit! For some reason, it seemed as if those that had feasted on wine were faster, almost managing to catch up with Su Hao several times.

Su Hao’s clothes were now in rags after several close calls.

Rush! Rush! Rush!

After a full minute, Su Hao was finally able to escape from Machinery wine factory. The drunk rat beasts stopped their chase after reaching the perimeter. They stared at Su Hao one by one before returning inside.

Obviously, they wouldn’t leave Machinery wine factory.

Su Hao bitterly smiled. As he looked at his clothes, he couldn’t help but think that if he were any slower, he would have easily perished! He could easily handle three to four drunk rat beasts. If there were six, he could at least put up an effort. Anything more than ten and he could only run for his life. As for the number that he had just encountered...he could only laugh at himself.

Standing in front of the main door of Machinery wine factory, Su Hao could only sigh at his current appearance.

“Puchi...”

A crisp laughter resounded within his mind.

Su Hao annoyingly said, “Hey little brat. How could you just watch me get chased around?”

Shua!

A blue light flashed as the blue dream butterfly quietly revealed herself, happily soaking in Su Hao’s bedraggled appearance.

“Remember how angry I was when you saw me naked?”

Su Hao grinned, “Perhaps you want me to repay the favor?”

After saying so, Su Hao acted as if he was going to take off his clothes. The blue dream butterfly obviously hadn’t expected this and flew to the side. Su Hao let out a laugh.

Come on, as if I’d really do so.

Once the blue dream butterfly noticed she had been played by Su Hao, she stared at him in anger.

After laughing to his heart’s content, Su Hao said to her, “Come on, little brat. This time, I need your help...I will hand over those countless rats to you.”

The blue dream butterfly violently shook her head.

What a joke. The number of drunk rat beasts just now was not any less than a berserk beast tide! In such a small body, she’d simply be courting her own death!

“Don’t worry, I won’t let you charge in recklessly.”

Su Hao mysteriously smiled, “In order to deal with them, I have prepared a number of things.”

“...”

Machinery wine factory’s warehouse.

Countless of drunk rat beasts were lying inside, enjoying their nap. The huge inventory of wine in the warehouse had been consumed at a terrifying speed. Hundreds of thousands of bottles of wine had been consumed over these past few years. Despite this, these berserk rat beasts had continued their drinking habits, unaware that their stock was about to run dry.

Within the warehouse, there was a huge pond.

Peng!

Peng!

The drunk rat beasts casually threw bottles of wine into the pond. As the bottles broke, the glass fragments sunk to the bottom of the pond, leaving the contents of the bottle within the pond. A drunk rat beast lying beside the pond began to slurp up the wine.

Nobody noticed that at this moment, a transparent ripple flashed through the air.

A few drops of liquid were inserted into the wine pool before quietly disappeared.

A few minutes later, the drunk rat beasts began collapsing one by one.

“Putong!”

“Putong!”

A group of drunk rat beasts fainted to the floor. The remaining drunk rat beasts kicked them to the side and began enjoying the pond of wine for themselves.

Outside Machinery wine factory.

Su Hao set a timer on his communication device as a blue light flashed in the air. The blue dream butterfly had come back.

“How was it? There shouldn’t have been any problems.”

Su Hao asked.

“Mission accomplished.”

The blue dream butterfly proudly wrote this sentence.

“Heh...”

Su Hao smiled and pointed at the timer on virtual screen, “One hour later, after all the drunk rat beasts have fainted, we will go.”

“Alright.”

The blue dream butterfly nodded.

“Just now... I still feel that something strange is going on.” Su Hao muttered to himself.

“What’s strange?” The blue dream butterfly asked.

“Drunk rat beast king!”

Su Hao continued, “The data says that drunk rat beast kings exists. However, he still haven’t seen one. Plus, there are other issues. For example...the wine. Those drunk rat beasts have been here for several years. With their manner of drinking, all the inventory should have been consumed long ago, regardless of how large it was to begin with. However, there was still a lot of inventory remaining!”

“Where did all of this wine come from? All of these are problems! If a drunk rat beast king really did exist, it might have obtained some wisdom and learned to command them. However, we didn’t see it. I don’t feel good about the current situation.”

Feeling strange, the blue dream butterfly wrote, “How could you know that you didn’t see it? It might’ve been among those rats.”

Su Hao was unconvinced, “Impossible! As a leader, the drunk rat beast king must have a superior body. One would easily be able to distinguish it.”

“Er~”

The blue dream butterfly was confused, “Why would the size of drunk rat beast king be more outstanding?”

“Aren’t all berserk beasts like that?”

Su Hao asked.

“Who said so?”

The blue dream butterfly didn’t know whether to cry or laugh.

Keeping his silence, Su Hao glanced at her.

The blue dream butterfly looked down and had a look at her body, which was obviously bigger by a size compared to ordinary blue dream butterflies. Her face became tense, “Aiya, it’s not the same. The leaders of berserk beast species all have different characteristics. Some would grow bigger, others smaller. There are even some that look the same as ordinary ones.”

“Oh, so it’s like that...”

A fine light flashed within Su Hao’s eyes. If so, perhaps the drunk rat beast king really was among them.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0150 Battlefield
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0150 Battlefield

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

If a drunk rat beast king were among them, it would be much easier to explain things.

Su Hao felt that possessing too much knowledge was not always a good thing. For someone as detailed oriented as him, once he had any doubts, he would analyze the problem until he discovered a satisfactory solution! Of course, there was the advantage of being able to avoid most unexpected factors.

For the most part, this could be considered...the problems of a bookworm.

Su Hao glanced at the blue dream butterfly. This brat had been cultivating by herself for such a long time. It seemed that their were some changes occurring to her. She had visibly grown in size. The lines on her body had also become more appealing, incomparable to that of any ordinary blue dream butterfly. If those girls in Jianghe City saw her, they would shriek in excitement.

“Huh, this is really strange.” Su Hao whispered.

“What happened?”

The blue dream butterfly was puzzled.

“In general, most butterflies appear beautiful from afar, but disgusting close up. You blue dream butterflies are really strange. From top to bottom, you’re all as flawless as jade. Such perfection.” Su Hao praised.

“It isn’t as beautiful as you’re describing.” The blue dream butterfly looked down as she replied in embarrassment.

“Can I touch you for a bit?”

Su Hao unconsciously blurted out this question.

“Uh?”

The blue dream butterfly was shocked for a bit, but quickly reacted. With a red face, she shouted, “You...you...rogue!”

“Peng!”

Su Hao was kicked. The small body of the blue dream butterfly had managed to produce quite a significant amount of force.

Su Hao bitterly smiled.

Damn, how could he have forgotten...

Although a pet could be casually touched, this blue dream butterfly was technically a human. Additionally, she was a girl. If he touched her current body, it was probably the same as touching her real figure in her eyes.

Shua!

The blue dream butterfly’s stature flashed as it laid on his body. A light flashed and she disappeared.

“Hehe, I’m sorry.”

Su hao apologized to her.

“...”

“You’re really mad?” Su Hao asked. “Little brat, you’ve followed me for such a long time. Do you really not know what type kind of person I am? En? Don’t be angry, I know what I did wrong. It was just that you really are too beautiful. Well...compared to when I saw your real figure, there wasn’t much difference...”

“Aiyaya, I hate you! Stop mentioning it!”

A shy voice resounded within Su hao’s mind, “I’m not blaming you. Don’t say any more!”

Su Hao’s mouth was raised in a smile. En... It seems that she wasn’t mad, just shy... But really, how old was she? She was so shy... Judging from her appearance, she should have been fourteen to fifteen years old. Well, it was quite interesting to occasionally tease girls.

The little brat was so shy that she didn’t dare to reveal herself. Su Hao hid himself near the main door to Machinery wine factory, quietly recovering his origin ability energy.

An hour passed in the blink of an eye.

“Time’s up!”

Su Hao’s eyes flashed, “It’s time to harvest.”

He entered Machinery wine factory once again. There appeared to be quite a number of drunk rat beasts wandering around the factory. It seemed that after Su Hao had killed so many drunk rat beasts, more of them had come out to patrol the entrance.

This group of drunk rat beasts was fodder for Su Hao.

“Hong!”

Holding the red jackal fang in his hand, Su Hao looked like a god of war. Everytime he dashed forward, he would slice open the belly of a drunk rat beast. They were easily penetrated.

After 5 minutes, the entire wine factory was full of a desolate aura.

All the drunk rat beasts had been cleaned up!

The rich smell of iron floated through the air. Su Hao headed towards the warehouse in the back and was greeted with a mess.

All the drunk rat ebasts were lying on top of each other, foaming at the mouth.

A bottle of toxins had managed to kill all the rats!

Even Su Hao frowned as he looked upon the countless carcasses littering the scene. He took a quick survey and couldn’t identify a drunk rat beast king or anything else out of the ordinary. All his doubts had been dispelled with the death of those rats.

To deal with these seemingly dangerous berserk rat beats, Su Hao had used the simplest method! Rat drug!

In the era before origin abilities, the best method of dealing with rats was using rat drug. However, after mutation, those rat drugs were completely useless. Despite their immunity, they were unable to hide their bodies and were forced to migrate out of the city.

For these berserk beasts, ordinary drugs would obviously be useless. If specially made drugs were used instead though, that was an entirely different matter.

Master Zhang had quite the assortment of toxic drugs at his place. Su Hao had taken a few bottles before coming here. This was the reason behind Master Zhang’s green face...

“It’s finally over...”

Su Hao indifferently walked towards the back door.

A few seconds later, he had successfully left Machinery wine factory.

As he walked outside, the fresh air allowed Su Hao to sigh in relief. Today’s progress had been pretty smooth. He basically hadn’t encountered any obstacles.

After activating the map on the virtual screen, Su Hao carefully checked his chosen route once again, traveling towards his next destination.

Machinery wine factory was the the core of the suburban region. As long as he managed to pass through this area, things would become much easier. By travelling along the edge of berserk beast territory, he would be able to smoothly pass through the suburban region.

“Shua!”

Su Hao’s figure was like wind, moving swiftly.

This section was the intersection of two different berserk beast species’ territories. There usually wouldn’t be many berserks beasts in this area. Since the drunk rat beasts had all been eliminated, things would be fine as long as he managed to pass through this section.

Su Hao pondered to himself as he quickly moved forward.

However, before he had even travelled 1000 meters, Su Hao’s face turned stiff. With the ruins off into the distance, there were several berserk beasts. They had a huge body, but Su Hao was unable to determine the species due to the cover provided by the ruins. However...that wasn’t the main issue.

The main issue was that these bastards were blocking his path out of all places!

In order to survive this section, taking this route was necessary!

“Damn it!”

Su Hao cursed to himself. This place shouldn’t have had any berserk beasts. After all, this was still the territory of the drunk rat beasts. However, matters like this weren’t absolute. Occasionally, there would be retards acting out of the norm. This was an unexpected factor. After all, he could only plan ahead. As for whether he could implement the plan wasn’t something he could guarantee.

He eventually decided to continue. Why not?

If he didn’t travel through here, he didn’t dare imagine how long a detour would take! He also didn’t know what type of berserk beast would pop up next. There were only a few berserk beasts in front of him. As long as he quietly walked past them, he should be able to avoid catching their attention!

If he was discovered by them, he could only pray for his own safety.

This was the residential area of the suburban region. Using the houses as cover, moving from one side to the other unnoticed wasn’t the most difficult of tasks. The real difficulty was in preventing yourself from making noise. There was debris scattered across the surface of the ground. However, while this amy have been difficult for others, it was extremely easy for Su Hao.

Model analysis, start!

Terrain modeling!

Shua!

He began to map his path towards the ruins within his mind.

After 3 seconds, the building model crashed.

Su Hao opened his eyes. He was now aware of the places he’d be able to evade the viewing angles of the berserk beasts as well as the places on the ground he had to avoid. Everything was crystal clear.

As long as he passed this region, a downhill portion would be all that remained. Once he reached the downhill, he would have successfully passed through the territory of the drunk rat beasts, as well as those random berserk beasts.

“Let’s go!”

Like a cat, Su Hao slowly creeped forward behind the wall. With a moment’s effort, he reached the center of the district. With terrain modeling, he was able to reach this location quietly, as if he had been guided by God. As long as he avoided these beasts in front of him, he would be safe.

“Si...”

Su Hao took a deep breath and cautiously continued. After taking two steps, not even his breathing could be heard.

One step.

Two steps.

Three steps.

...

Su Hao slowly crept closer. Based on his current location, he wasn’t far from the downhill. He was currently four to five meters from the berserk beasts, allowing him to hear their breathing.

A strange sound was heard mixed in with the breathing.

Su Hao’s facial expression became strange.

F*ck!

These beasts... It couldn’t be...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0151 Pulling bow, shooting bird
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0151 Pulling bow, shooting bird

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

Although he was an innocent virgin, that didn’t prevent him from knowing the intricacies of procreation.

As a bookworm, Su Hao openly watched both vague and violent materials in the name of scientific research.

Pornography was obviously included within these materials.

As he listened to the berserk beats, Su Hao could only lament at his bad luck.

Even berserk beasts knew how to mate!

Why couldn’t they mate in their own territory? Why did they need to do so in the territory of the drunk rat beasts?

“Damn it!”

Su Hao cursed. He decided to take his chances and quickly moved forward. However, after two steps, one of the berserk beasts suddenly let out a roar. A burst of origin ability energy exploded outward, collapsing the ruins in the area. Su Hao’s figure, which was currently tiptoeing, was completely exposed.

“...”

Useless!

Just a few minutes and you already couldn’t hold it in anymore!

Was it that difficult to hold it in for a few more minutes?

Although you’re a berserk beast, as a male, you should have some dignity! After coming so quickly, where is your dignity? Forget about coming fast. Why did you have to seek trouble and cause such a scene? Although these houses were already in ruins, that didn’t mean you could do anything you wanted.

“Zhi, zhi~”

After noticing Su Hao, the berserk beasts roared. The strange roar finally stirred Su Hao into action. Upon taking a closer look, he was stunned!

The berserk beasts in front of him were none other than drunk rat beasts!

It was just that compared to ordinary drunk rat beasts, there were some obvious differences. In the group of six, there were four extremely powerful looking drunk rat beasts. As for the one in the middle, it was several times larger than ordinary drunk rat beasts. Its body was currently pressing on top of a common drunk rat beast.

With his previous speculations, Su Hao was able to discern what was happening very quickly.

This drunk rat beast king had brought along four of its brothers to play with...

The reason that there were still wines remaining in Machinery wine factory was due to the limitations set by the drunk rat beast king.

Without the drunk rat beast king to oversee them, the rats had gone wild and binged on wine, resulting in being poisoned by Su Hao’s toxic drug.

No wonder Su Hao had an ominous feeling earlier. The truth had been here all along!

As he quickly ran through these thoughts, his feet were already moving. He instantly evaded towards the side, as he was now being chased by four drunk rat beasts.

“Hong!”

Su Hao came into contact with one of them and landed a full force punch on its body. However, this resulted in nothing but a dull sound. A small amount of force was even repelled back to him.

These drunk rat beasts were completely different from the previous ones. Even their main weakness, their soft belly, was several times thicker!With his current strength, any attacks aimed towards their bellies would result in basically no damage due to the numerous layers. If these drunk rat beasts were already this powerful, just how strong would the drunk rat beast king be?

“This isn’t looking good...”

Su Hao bitterly smiled.

Peng!

Peng!

After rapidly throwing out several punches, Su Hao awkwardly smiled as he retrieved his numb fists. F*ck this shit...

No damage whatsoever!

These guys definitely weren’t in the range of 12 points in origin ability!

At least 13 points!

If he were to single them out, he believe that it wouldn’t take him long to dispose of them. However, he was currently surrounded by them.

“Sou!”

The enemy’s speed was only slightly worse than Su Hao’s. Under the siege of several rats, Su Hao had difficulty resisting. When the drunk rat beasts drew closer to him, he would throw a punch, but end up having to retreat several steps. After punching outward several times, his fists had already become numb. As for those drunk rat beasts, they only shook their heads around before rushing forward once again.

If it was only this much, things would have still been fine. However, the fatigued drunk rat beast king had started to get up!

Based on Su Hao’s estimations, this guy’s origin ability was probably greater than 15!

If he was to join the fray, Su Hao was destined to die!

“I can’t drag this on any longer!”

Su Hao’s mind was alert. The energy within his hand was about to explode outward. It was finally time for the collected fighting points to show their strength.

“Burst!”

“Hong!”

A huge amount of origin ability energy burst out from Su Hao’s fist. The massive force scored a direct hit on the drunk rat beasts, scattering them backwards.

Peng!

Peng!

Peng!

Peng!

Those drunk rat beasts struck a wall off into the distance. After standing up in an unstable matter, they charged at Su Hao once again! Their bodies didn’t show any signs of damage! Their strong physique was displaying its formidability!

But it didn’t matter. The time they required to close the distance was more than enough for Su Hao!

Out of nowhere, he took out a small crossbow from his backpack. Su Hao aimed it towards the drunk rat beast king . The giant berserk beast was currently slowly withdrawing its genitalia

With a pull of the bow, shooting birds.

“Xiu!”

A sharp arrow shot out from the crossbow and accurately struck its target. The drunk rat beast king went stiff, before screaming for its life. The energy within its body was forcefully released to remove the arrow.

Despite successfully removing the arrow, the pain in its lower regions made it furious.

“Zhi, zhi~”

With a furious roar, the drunk rat beast king charged at Su Hao.

“Hong!”

A drunk rat beast was thrown off by the rampaging drunk rat beast king. Su Hao’s figure flashed as he vanished from the spot he had been previously standing at. The drunk rat beast king’s eyes were a vivid red as it charged towards the drunk rat beasts. Its razor sharp teeth bit down hard on them. Its terrifyingly sharp teeth shocked Su Hao.

“Too strong!”

He had been attacking for such a long time, yet his attacks had been unable to get past the thick defense of the drunk rat beasts. Under the attack of the drunk rat beast, however, they were nothing but fragile toys! This was such a tragedy!

Su Hao’s pupil contracted as he dashed backward.

Every time the drunk rat beast king charged at Su Hao, he would make sure that there was a drunk rat beast obstructing its path. The rampaging drunk rat beast king easily destroyed everything in its way.

In less than a minute, the four drunk rat beasts had already perished.

“Zhi, zhi~”

Brimming in anger, the drunk rat beast king charged at Su Hao once again. Su Hao sneered as he ran away. As the drunk rat beast king chased him from behind, its speed got slower and slowed as time passed.

5 minutes later.

The drunk rat beast king fell to the ground, causing a resounding bang.

“Done?”

Su Hao wiped the cold sweat off his forehead. Su Hao took precautions and grabbed his crossbow, shooting it several times before moving closer.

“Xiu!”

“Xiu!”

Two arrows had been shot at its body. After confirming that there wasn’t any movement, Su Hao finally was able to calm down.

“Nailed it!”

The dosage had been enough for a large elephant to faint instantly. This piece of shit had managed to hold on for 6 minutes before falling. Its resistance was too formidable!

Su Hao coldly walked forward and stabbed the drunk rat beast king with the fang in his hand.

“Pu ci!”

He pierced the drunk rat beast king’s head, instantly killing it!

“This body is indeed different.”

Su Hao looked at its body in amazement. It was more than twice the size of an ordinary drunk rat beast. For the most part, the leader of a berserk beast species would have a larger body because they possessed more origin ability points.

“Little brat, what I said was true, right?”

Su Hao laughed.

“...“

“En?”

Noticing there wasn’t any response, he suddenly shook his shoulder a few times, “Little brat, are you alright?”

“...”

“What happened to you?”

Su Hao became worried as he shook his shoulder. The blue dream butterfly’s figure flashed and knocked his hand away. It flashed with energy and it was hidden from view once again.

“You’re annoying. People are busy cultivating, stop disturbing me!”

The sweet voice resounded in Su Hao’s mind. Su Hao was startled for a moment. He felt strange. Since when was this brat unable to be interrupted while cultivating? However, he soon came to understand. A trace of a grin revealed on his face. This little brat must have been embarrassed after hearing something which she shouldn’t have.

“Alright then, continue your cultivation.”

Since she was thin skinned, Su Hao dared not press her anymore. After looking at the huge body of drunk rat beast king, he extracted the sharp teeth in its mouth!

An ordinary drunk rat beast’s teeth were already very tough and these teeth were even more powerful! After witnessing the scene where it had bitten into those pitiful drunk rat beasts, Su Hao had very high expectations of these two teeth. With these two teeth, his journey would become much smoother!

If the red jackal’s fang was considered a curved knife, then these teeth of the drunk rat beast king would be two sharp daggers!

Their sharpness was incomparable!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0152 Anomaly
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0152 Anomaly

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

After he finished packing, Su Hao continued his journey based on the route he had marked on the map.

Because such a thrilling encounter had already occurred at the first checkpoint, Su Hao became much more cautious with regards to the rest of his journey. Fortunately, the remainder of his trip could be considered quite smooth. Everything went according to plan. He failed to meet any more terrifying berserk beasts until he had already left the suburban region. He had only stumbled upon the occasional berserk beasts, who were easily eliminated by him.

After leaving the suburban region, he would find himself in a flat wasteland.

This place had originally been a suburban region famous for its gourmet foods. After the origin ability era arrived, it turned into a desolate wasteland. Within this wasteland, countless berserk beasts roamed among the bushes, weeds, and trees. Because berserk beasts liked to roam in groups, this place was quite dangerous.

“The distance to the next checkpoint is...”

Su Hao was carefully checking the location on the map when he was interrupted by a loud call.

“Xiu!”

A huge bird dived down from above, charging at Su Hao.

“Flamingo?”

Su Hao was surprised, but managed to quickly retreat.

“Hong!”

The sky was filled with flames that appeared out of thin air. Su Hao’s figure came to a halt as he looked at the raging flames which had sealed off his escape route.

After sealing his escape route, the flamingo wasn’t in any hurry to make its move. It looked at Su Hao in a mocking manner as it fluttered its wings, producing the occasional wave of flames.

Su Hao frowned. His expression was currently rather terrible. How could he have encountered such a thing?

The flamingo was a bird beast which had undergone mutation. Its strength wasn’t very good, but it possessed a pretty potent fire element origin ability. It was also rather agile and quick. Under the influence of origin ability, its temperament was rather horrid, similar to pre-origin ability era monkeys. Teasing others was its hobby of choice.

“Ji ji~”

Yet another flame appeared, sealing the route in front of Su Hao. The flamingo flew around in the sky, laughing happily.

“Damn you! Trying to bully me, thinking that I have no way to close the distance?”

Su Hao was irate. If Zhou Wang encountered a situation like this, a simple bolt of lightning would be enough to hack this shit to death!

Laugh at me? F*ck your laughter!

Su Hao removed a small crossbow from his backpack and aimed at the flamingo.

“Xiu!”

A shadow flashed. The arrow grazed the flamingo’s wing, destroying a few feathers, but causing no damage.

“Ji ji~”

The flamingo laughed at Su Hao. However, it had been smirking to itself for but a moment before it felt that its wings had become rather heavy. It crashed downward.

“Peng!”

The flamingo hit the ground rather hard.

“Try teasing me again.”

Su Hao curled his mouth in disdain. He picked up a branch and tied the flamingo to a nearby tree before turning away. Since it loved playing with people, he would let it play by itself. He wondered how it would feel when it saw other berserk beats approaching but was unable to move.

After this encounter had finally ended, Su hao continued to look at the map.

There were several routes to pass through this wasteland. The course he decided to take was one which would only pass through a single berserk beast territory. If he hadn’t guessed incorrectly, the place he needed to pass through was currently in front of him, Rich chicken farm!

Legend said that this was originally a chicken farm built by the government to help support rural development. The farm was granted the name Rich. As time passed, the village rapidly developed, turning into a small town. However, after the outbreak of the origin ability era, all the chickens had undergone mutation and turned into berserk beasts!

This place became a spot which everyone looked at in amazement. Unfortunately for Su Hao, he had to pass through this farm in order to survive the wasteland and reach Fengshan Village.

“Compared to the other route, this chicken farm is definitely the best route to travel through.”

Su Hao muttered to himself, “With my capabilities, as long as I am careful, there shouldn’t be any problems. The only thing I need to pay attention to is the types of berserk beasts.”

The most dangerous aspect of Rich chicken farm wasn’t the strength of the berserk beasts, but their type!

The chickens here had originally consisted of variants like block-boned chicken,s short-legged chickens, oil chickens, camelia chickens, and more. It was unknown how many species there had been. Once mutation had occurred, the type of berserk beasts present had been everchanging. According to the information recorded by the Origin Ability Association, there were at least ten different species in Rich chicken farm! Moreover, due to hybridization and cross mating, more typed would appear!

After all these years, who knows how many new types would have appeared.

The strength of these berserk beasts wasn’t too high, only around 12 points in origin ability. Additionally, because they had to compete amongst each other, their development wasn’t great. However, there was a rumor that someone with 15 points in origin ability had fallen here.

Rich chicken farm definitely didn’t lack all sorts of strange berserk beasts.

The moment Su Hao pushed open the door, a cold light flashed, causing him to quickly dodge.

“Hong!”

The cold light hit the wall, creating a large hole. Upon taking a closer look, Su Hao discovered that it was a brick!

After looking at the situation of Rich chicken farm, Su Hao was stunned.

He saw a half a meter tall rooster proudly holding a brick. As it faced a row of short-legged berserk beasts, it pointed at them, trying to teach those who were disobedient. Despite those seemingly weak wings, once the brick was thrown, it produced a significant amount of force!

“Damn!”

Needless to say, Su Hao was shocked.

In the current era, the world really was full of strange things!

“Gu gu!”

After noticing Su Hao, the rooster was frightened and threw two bricks at him.

“Xiu!”

“Xiu!”

Two cold lights passed by him. This time, Su Hao was able to clearly see them. He couldn’t help himself from dodging. Once again, two loud bangs could be heard and then...under the leadership of the rooster, a bright light appeared, covering the chickens.

“...”

What was going on here?

Su Hao looked on in a daze. Under normal circumstances, wouldn’t berserk beasts instinctively charge upon noticing a human? What happened to those berserk beasts?

This didn’t make any sense!

He couldn’t see a single berserk beast as he glanced around the surrounding area!

Something wasn’t right!

Su Hao became even more wary. He carefully walked forward. Today’s events had already warped his view of the world. He was now aware that actual combat would be entirely different from whatever he planned.

All of his knowledge had been obtained from textbooks.

At Machinery wine factory, he had planned to carefully sneak in and use his toxin, relieving him of any troubles. In reality, however, those berserk beats were not in sync. The leader was lazy and occasionally went out to mate. In reality, there were far too many unexpected events to account for everything.

As for his current situation, as long as he remained alert, he would be able to murder his way out!

The data showed that the strongest berserk beasts here were around 13 points in origin ability. Thus, he only needed to prepare for those with unique origin abilities. But now...

Looking at the empty scene in front of him, Su Hao frowned. Was this some sort of special ability?

Out of nowhere, at the corner of the right side of the tile room, a yellow head stretched out its neck. Su Hao was incredibly wary of this sudden change in events. That small head belong to a yellow chicken. It had been one of those standing at the door earlier.

What did it want to do?

Su Hao slowly moved forward, pretending not to notice it. Despite this, its entire body briefly appeared before him before being pushed down a large pair of wings.

“Xiu!”

The little yellow head was exposed once again before being pushed down from his line of sight.

Su Hao was speechless!

He had a strange feeling, as if...he was the devil of a village. Wasn’t this similar to a scene he’d seen in an ancient movie, where a devil had arrived at a village?

Exactly what was going on here?

Su Hao imagined countless yellow chickens peeking at him while hiding. While that would have been a rather funny scene, Su Hao was currently breaking out in a cold sweat. This was because this situation was completely outside of his expectations.

During a battle, situations where he felt that he was powerless were the most terrifying!

This also went for any unknown factors!

This little Rich chicken farm, exactly what had happened here?

Su Hao slowly squatted down and pressed his hand to the ground. Light could be seen flashing within his eyes.

Model analysis, start!

Life detection!

Shua!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0153 Mysterious chicken farm
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0153 Mysterious chicken farm

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

“Hong!”

A terrifying wave of origin ability energy spread throughout the surrounding area. The models were instantly established, but collapsed a fraction of a second afterwards.

Not much energy had been consumed because signs of life had been detected just a couple meters from Su Hao.

5 meters from him, in the direction of 8 o’clock, there was a berserk beast behind the tile room.

Damn it!

That close?

Su Hao endured his shock and pretended like nothing had happened. He was afraid that any large movements would cause a commotion involving all of the berserk beasts here.

The drawbacks of life detection were put on display once again.

Could life detection only be used in this way?

Su Hao pondered.

Life detection was simply a method of utilizing his model analysis. He could freely modify or improve it.

Life detection worked by establishing a model of the surroundings. Once the origin ability encountered a lifeform, the model would instantly collapse. Su Hao would halt his model analysis in this fraction of a second.

Su Hao continued his train of thought... What if he didn’t interrupt the process?

It would be fairly difficult to establish a living model. Wit his current strength, once the living model was established, he would have insufficient energy left in his body!

Since he couldn’t establish a model, what about skipping over it?

Su Hao’s mind moved. If he was to skip... There was no harm in trying.

The moment he came across a living being, he would take the initiative to skip model establishment, simply leaving a point of energy. Leaving a point of energy in his mind shouldn’t be too difficult, right?

Using this method, he could not only save energy, but he would be able to accurately discern the number of lifeforms around him.

This was worth trying!

Su Hao activated his ability once again!

Model analysis, start!

Life detection!

Shua!

Under Su Hao’s meticulous guidance, the perimeter of his life detection reached a distance of 100 meters from him before stopping. Even when he had encountered living organisms, he hadn’t stopped the process. He had cleverly skipped over them, leaving a blank area. Those blanks were similar to a dark spot surrounded by light from the sun.

A 100 meter perimeter!

He had already achieved his goal, despite not placing the points of energy he had originally intended to. When the 100 meter model had been completed, Su Hao had discovered that there was no need to use energy to mark lifeforms. Any spots where he encountered living beings would leave a blank spot, marking their location!

Sure enough, this was possible!

This was true life detection!

This was the finalized version of life detection!

This phase of improving through real combat was highly beneficial. Su Hao was extremely excited because with this perfect life detection, the road ahead would be much smoother.

However, he dropped down from cloud nine after checking the results of his life detection right now.

The model he had just established had thousands of blank spots!

This meant that within 100 meters, thousands of berserk beasts were surrounding him. What caused Su Hao the most fear was that within 5 to 10 meters, there were hundreds of them surrounding him and yet he couldn’t spot a single one of them!

Such a scary ability!

Such frightening berserk beasts!

Su Hao slowly stood up and carefully walked forward. While looking at the map on his wrist, he slowly walked.

Those berserk beasts... What were they trying to do?

He was totally clueless!

However, since the berserk beasts weren’t making a move, he knew that it was in his best interests not to agitate them. Otherwise, facing these countless unknown abilities, he didn’t dare to imagine what his death would look like at that time!

One step... Two steps...

Su Hao carefully walked forward. From time to time, he would activate life detection. In order to save energy, he would limit the range to 10 meters. As expected, there were hundreds of berserk beasts surrounding him, no matter where he went.

Exactly how many berserk beasts lived at Rich chicken farm?

This was impossible to calculate!

Su Hao could definitely attempt to form an estimate, but if he were to build an entire model of this farm, his energy would be completely depleted. If he were to encounter any foes at that time, he would be killed on the spot!

Performing such a move wa simply courting his own death!

His right hand was placed in his backpack, ready to pull out his weapon at any time. He was extremely cautious of every step he took, every meter he proceeded forward.

After walking for more than 100 meters, he was suddenly unable to see any more berserk beasts.

“Huh? What’s going on?”

Su Hao was speechless. His current situation was far too strange to describe with words! Exactly what were these brats planning? Were they waiting for him to lower his guard before attacking?

Su Hao’s expression remain unchanged as he moved forward. However, his heart was filled with doubts.

This Rich chicken farm was extremely far from the city!

After leaving Jianghe City, he had travelled past the suburban region before finally reaching this place. Additionally, the route had been handpicked by Su Hao, meaning very few people would pass through here. He couldn’t find any written experiences of people passing through this area on the Internet. He could only experience it for himself.

The sky was becoming darker. Although the day was nearing its end, Su Hao didn’t dare speed up his pace.

200 meters... 300 meters... 400 meters...

The route which could’ve easily been walked through took him more than half an hour to do so. However, what was even more amazing was that Su Hao had managed to exit Rich chicken farm just like that!

“I’m out...”

Su Hao came out from the main door and exited the chicken farm.

For the first time, his face showed a lost expression.

What the f*ck was going on here?

His obsessive personality traits began to manifest themselves once again. Su Hao knew that since he had successfully passed this area, he should have just proceeded with his journey. However, there were certain events that would never reappear once missed. The scene in front of him was completely unreasonable!

If it were anyone else, they would have broken out into a sprint and immediately left after exiting the farm.

However, Su Hao wasn’t your typical person.

First, he had detailed information concerning Rich chicken farm. Was was even aware of the information regarding the berserk beasts. Secondly, using his life detection, he was able to see the hidden berserk beasts surrounding him. Thirdly, he had formed a conclusion that all of these berserk beasts had a consciousness of their own!

The reason berserk beasts were named as such was because they were fierce and brutal. They were much worst than naturally occurring animals. They had no consciousness and acted based on their instincts!

Thus, hunting berserk beasts was the same as abusing NPCs within games. There was no guilt whatsoever!

But...if they had a consciousness, things would be different.

Berserk beasts, once they possessed a consciousness, would be equivalent to a normal being. For example, the blue dream butterfly wasn’t like ordinary berserk beasts.

When he had met the blue dream butterfly in the underground laboratory, he had been completely clueless towards this fact. The feeling of catching an intelligent berserk beast was no different from that of selling a human. To Su Hao, any berserk beast that possessed wisdom should be treated like a human being.

If people don’t disturb me, I’ll repay the favor!

His high theoretical basis had caused Su Hao to be familiar with countless books. His understanding of human nature was very detailed and thorough. It was precisely because of this that he clearly understood its power and mystery. The arrival of the origin ability era had caused the mysterious to become even more apparent. Thus, more mysteries had appeared in the world.

Could berserk beasts have wisdom?

He had already hear a little about this matter. It was said that those with wisdom were at the top of the berserk beast pyramid, possessing great strength. Such an existence wasn’t something an ordinary human could compete with.

To date, he had never stumbled anything about lower tier berserk beasts possessing wisdom.

If it was a singular existence, he could understand. It was fairly normal if they had an origin ability talent for increasing their wisdom. But for thousands...there must have been an incredible event that occurred.

Su Hao’s eyes flashed with a bright light.

People yearned for the seas and stars because of the endless opportunities for exploration. Su Hao had set a goal for this world.

With such a large mystery in front of him, how could he possibly let this opportunity pass him by?

If by chance, there was something better than the reward for his current task...

Su Hao turned around as he thought of this.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0154 The importance of mastering foreign languages
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0154 The importance of mastering foreign languages

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: SourGummies

Su Hao went back.

Part of the reason why was to observe the situation inside. Another reason was that...the sky had turned dark! After being occupied the entire day, the night had already set in. Without needing to refer to his map, Su Hao could already guess that he would encounter berserk beasts no matter what direction he traveled in. After all, berserk beasts tended to wander around more at night.

Thus, he needed to find a place to rest for the night before continuing his journey tomorrow.

Was there a better place than Rich chicken farm?

As he entered through the backdoor, Su Hao spotted a group of berserk beasts running around, seemingly play fighting with each other. There were what appeared to be white chicken chasing some little yellow chickens. However, once Su Hao had been noticed, the entire farm became silent.

“Gu gu!”

A low note rang through the air. The rooster had issued a command. The chicken farm instantly became deserted!

The scene in front of Su Hao resembled a deserted town, decorated by a few scattered chicken feathers.

“...”

Since he had already figured out what was going on for the most part, Su Hao was unsure of whether he should cry or laugh.

Damn!

Do I look like a bad person?

Su Hao casually looked around for a spot. He pulled out a white cloth and placed it on the floor before sitting on it.

As he leaned against the brick wall behind him, Su Hao’s mouth raised in a smile as he shrugged his shoulders, “Little brat, come out and play.”

“En?”

The blue dream butterfly appeared rather drowsy as she looked at Su Hao with a strange expression, “Play what...? Huh, what is this place?”

“Chicken farm!” Su Hao laughed.

“Chicken farm?”

The blue dream butterfly instantly awakened. Her eyes were wide open. She had been present when Su Hao had made his plans. As to what type of place this chicken farm was, she was extremely clear about that.

Did Su Hao really want to rest inside this chicken farm?

Had he killed them all?

As she floated in midair, the blue dream butterfly took a quick glance and was shocked. She landed on his arm and quickly warned Su Hao, “No! Get out of here this instant! There are too many berserk beasts!”

Looking at her anxious appearance, Su Hao laughed, “What is there to be anxious about?”

“There are too many berserk beasts here...”

The blue dream butterfly was so anxious that she had used her voice to communicate with Su Hao in his mind. Su Hao pinched her wings and allowed her to calm down, “Little brat, don’t worry. Those berserk beasts are not our enemies.”

“Huh?”

The blue dream butterfly was obviously confused.

Su Hao pondered for a moment before speaking, “I’m not too sure myself. However, based on my guess, those berserk beasts appear to have the wisdom of a small child. Although it is definitely not comparable to that of an adult, they still know how to avoid danger. They aren’t like those berserk beasts that act based off their instincts. We can’t simply refer to them as berserk beasts.”

The blue dream butterfly was quite surprised. For the first time, she had encountered a human that treated berserk beasts in this manner!

She had met a lot of humans while wandering around. No matter how she expressed her goodwill, they would often have a hidden agenda. She still remembered a time when she had seen a pretty little girl. Despite simply wanting to accompany and play with the girl, the girl made her move in the end!

She escaped with severe injuries, requiring an extremely long time to heal. From that moment onward, she had been extremely wary around humans. At least, until she had met Su Hao...

If she were to think back, hadn’t Su Hao treated her with the same attitude back then?

After noticing that she possessed wisdom, he had let her go. He hadn’t possessed any intentions of capturing her, even taking the initiative to communicate with her!

She currently appeared to be lost in thought.

“Little brat, what happened?”

Su Hao looked at her in curiosity.

“Nothing.”

The blue dream butterfly awakened from her daze and shook her head in embarrassment, “I...I will go communicate with them.”

“Sou!”

After finishing her sentence, she flew off.

“Com...communicate?”

Su Hao was stunned. Although they were both berserk beasts, could a blue dream butterfly really communicate with these mess berserk beasts? Wouldn’t there be a gap between different species?

At this time, the sky had already turned completely pitch black.

Su Hao took out a compressed biscuit and slowly ate it as he looked in front of him.

He saw a blue light flashing off into the distance.

Despite not knowing what the blue dream butterfly had said, he was able to see the rooster walk out in a staggering manner. It exchanged gestures with the blue dream butterfly, even entering into a brief dispute. The final result was...that the rooster admitted its defeat as the blue dream butterfly proudly flew back.

“What’s the situation?” Su Hao asked.

“Settled.”

The blue dream butterfly proudly said, “We can stay here for the night. We will mind our own business and they’ll play with themselves. It is alright as long as we don’t interfere with each other.”

“...”

“You two really communicated with each other?” Su Hao was shocked.

“Of course.”

The blue dream butterfly flapped her wings, “I can communicate with you. Why can’t I communicate with him?”

Su Hao kept silent.

As he thought about how she could communicate with him using her origin ability, he came to the conclusion that she could use it with other berserk beasts.

Sure enough, mastering a foreign language was necessary...

“Want to eat?”

Su Hao tossed a small piece of compressed biscuit to the blue dream butterfly. As he looked on, more and more berserk beasts began to reveal themselves, “These brats, what are they doing?”

“Kacha!”

The blue dream butterfly opened her tiny mouth and took a bite. She frowned, “Soft...tasteless...no good. Aren’t compressed biscuits supposed to be hard and crunchy?”

“Who told you that?”

Su Hao didn’t know whether to laugh or cry, “Compressed biscuits are very soft.”

“Oh.”

The blue dream butterfly took another bite and said, “These brats are indeed the little chickens of Rich chicken farm. After mutation, they turned into a variety of berserk beasts. However, a few years ago, this place suddenly underwent some changes. Many berserk beasts were influenced by it and slowly gained awareness, becoming intelligent.”

After saying this, the blue dream butterfly pointed at the rooster, “He is the leader here and very intelligent. All these chicks word under his leadership. There usually aren’t too many humans that pass through here. Therefore, they don’t have to worry too much. If they were to meet any humans, they would simply hide themselves. For the past two years, they have gone without incidents.”

“So that is their story.”

Su Hao felt strange, “Do they know the reason?”

“Nope.”

The blue dream butterfly shook her head, “They’re not too sure themselves.”

“Really?”

Su Hao replied as he looked at the current scene around him.

By this point, all sorts of chicken had emerged. Some curious chickens took a look at Su Hao before being chased away by the rooster. The chickens immediately became silent and obediently walked away.

Interesting...

It was obvious that they had undergone mutation and become berserk beasts. However, they had maintained their sanity and had even gone a step further by obtaining wisdom!

Su Hao muttered to himself. He analyzed all the things mentioned by the blue dream butterfly along with the information in his mind.

According to the recorded information, this place was originally a spot where berserk beasts rampaged through. This meant that the berserk beats had initially been acting based on their instincts. Then, due to a mysterious factor several years ago, these chickens all underwent mutation and obtained wisdom.

Had it happened like this?

No!

Su Hao frowned. Although these berserk beasts had a certain degree of wisdom, similar to a human child, all of them were little chicks!

Although they were all different species, Su Hao easily noticed that they were all still young.

Rich chicken farm had countless chickens and yet, there was only a single adult rooster. The rest were young chicks!

What happened to the adults?

Su Hao was in deep thought. It seemed that the mysterious factor hadn’t simply awakened their innate wisdom. Perhaps those rampaging berserk beasts had all been eliminated! That was the reason why thousands of little chicks had been left in Rich chicken farm.

“This situation...seems pretty familiar...”

Su Hao’s heart was like a raging tempest. This style, this rhythm...it was too similar to what he was currently thinking of.

Which was...the initial fusion of the origin ability era!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0155 Evolution
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0155 Evolution

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

As for the development of origin ability era till this day, during high school, everyone would integrate their own origin ability talent. The chances of succeeding was close to 99.99%. Almost everyone would successfully integrate and had their own origin ability. However......who could still remember those people during the initial stage of origin ability era?

Su Hao was lucky enough to hear about it from his mum, Li Xiaoru.

At that time, the world was in chaos. Everyone struggled to integrate an origin ability of their own in order to survive. Too bad, the success rate during the moment was only a poor 10 percent!

The failure rate was that high, 90 percent!

Moreover, within this 90 percent, 60 percent of them would meet their death!

In other words, at that time, the death rate while integrating origin ability was as high as 54 percent!

Li Xiaoru participated in this origin ability integration due to the forced circumstances. Luckily although she failed to integrate, she still managed to keep her life intact.

However, the next day when she participated in origin ability test, she had met with too many deaths. Only a few of her friends and schoolmates managed to survive! Even if they succeed in integrating, they still had to join the army and fight on the frontline to confront those berserk beasts.

Thus, to compare...

Those without an origin ability seemed to be the ones surviving. Their job would be to manage the logistics.

Su Hao sighed as he listened to his mum. If she really did integrate an origin ability, perhaps she would have long died on the battlefield. Because of her soft character, she wasn’t really suitable to be a warrior.

That era was the period of chaos during the initial stage of the origin ability era.

That period....it was abnormal and shrouded in darkness.

Fortunately, with the successful establishment of the Origin Ability Association, integration of an origin ability began to develop rapidly. Almost everyone could succeed in integrating an origin ability. Since then, human development went back right on track.

If human beings went through such stages, what about berserk beasts?

Su Hao imagined this in his mind. That mysterious change, could it be some kind of origin ability talent? Or perhaps some artifacts or even someone’s experiments?

Too many possibilities!

Su Hao made a hypothesis that this mysterious factor was still in the initial stage. It could successfully open the key to wisdom among those berserk beasts. However, due to not being mature yet, the body of berserk beasts that couldn’t accept those outbreak or had a strong sense of instinct were all eliminated on the spot.

Once this mysterious factor succeeded, it would then change the entire origin ability energy! As for those berserk beasts who managed to pass the calamity, what was the difference compared to a human?

For example, this proud rooster in front of him, his action was exactly like a human wearing a skin of a rooster in disguise. Nobody would believe him to be a berserk beast.

“Not only humans progressed. Even berserk beasts were progressing too.”

Su Hao casually said so within his heart.

According to a legend, since the first confrontation between human and berserk beast, the confrontation itself was still ongoing. However, nobody knew how the confrontation went. Excluding those in front lines, the rest human and berserk beasts were just having their own life and didn’t interfere with each other while in the middle of struggling for victory.

His mind moved like electricity. According to information he obtained and also those told by the blue dream butterfly, Su Hao actually managed to analyze so many things out of them! If others are to know about this, they would definitely be shocked! The ability of a bookworm is indeed terrifying!

Here, what exactly was happening? Would it affect blue dream butterfly too?

“I’ll investigate what exactly it is!”

Su Hao sneered and once again looked at the ground under his feet.

Model analysis, start!

Terrain modeling!

Shua!

“Hong!”

Endless amounts of blue light flashed. A huge model was being established within Su Hao’s mind. The whole, rich chicken farm was so clear and engraved in Su Hao’s mind.

These tens of thousands of square meters chicken farm and countless of tile rooms standing, the spot where each of those chicken ate at were clearly visible. Su Hao had looked at every corner yet nothing out of ordinary was found.

A few seconds later, Su Hao took the initiative to cut off his origin ability.

A crash sound resounded as the model collapsed.

“There wasn’t anything so artifacts could be excluded.”

After Su Hao’s fruitless attempt, he could only deduce it to be some kind of inexplicable mysterious origin ability outbreak. It was just that as a bookworm, he still left this matter within his heart for him to solve it at a later date.

“Gu gu!”

A few chicks from the distance were curious and wanted to come over here. Yet, they were beaten with bricks by the rooster.

Witnessing this scene, Su Hao laughed.

What was the use to think about this so much! He was still just a candidate to enrol in Zhanzheng College.

Stretching his body, he put the biscuits beside the blue dream butterfly. Su Hao then sat cross-legged and once again immersed in his cultivation.

The energy within his body slowly recovering and started to breakthrough the beginner origin ability refinement card!

The whole night, his stature didn’t move at all.

The next morning.

As the sky gradually turned bright, a lot of little chicks had already woke up with high energy. Su Hao was still sitting cross-legged as he was cultivating. However, in just a few moment, a strange atmosphere began to spread to the surrounding.

“Some activities detected!”

Su Hao who was in the middle of cultivation suddenly opened his eyes. A fine light flashed within his eyes.

Cultivating in this wilderness, Su Hao definitely wouldn’t allow himself to sleep comfortably. It was almost an instant that he woke up because he could felt that strange atmosphere spreading.

Enemy?

Looking at the direction of the origin of the atmosphere, Su Hao’s mind was shocked.

Because the one who released this strange aura turned out to be the blue dream butterfly!

A few meters away from his spot, the blue dream butterfly was floating in mid-air. Her two crystal blue wings were opened wide. Just like that, she quietly laid down in the air while her eyes were closing as if she had fainted. In the air, countless amounts of blue lights were flashing, streams of transparent blue energy were flashing in mid-air, causing a beautiful fantasy-like scene.

Waves of energy appeared from the blue dream butterfly’s body, spreading to the surrounding.

Not only Su Hao, even those berserk beasts from far away ran over here to look at this scene from a distance.

Shua!

Waves of energy gathered within the air and shot inside the blue dream butterfly’s body. From outside, he could clearly see her facial expression was revealing a slight pain.

“What is happening?”

Su Hao looked at the blue dream butterfly with an anxious expression.

After getting along for quite some time, both of them had become close friends. This time, watching the blue dream butterfly suffer in pain without knowing the details really worried Su Hao.

“Damn it! What is happening here?”

Su Hao was nervous. However, at this time, he still didn’t dare to make a move to interrupt it. This was because he was totally clueless about the situation here. Based on his own estimation, if he was to interrupt it now, the possibility of any accident happening to the blue dream butterfly would be more than 60 percent!

How did she become like this?

Su Hao kept digging every knowledge in his mind but came out with nothing.

No!

This scene was very familiar!

I must have seen this somewhere, Su Hao carefully recalled. He had seen too much information before. In such a short time, he couldn’t recall anything. He could only keep screening the information in his mind but it all ended up with nothing.

Nothing?

Impossible! Unless I’m searching it in the wrong direction! Wrong.....yea, I remembered! Su Hao’s eyes lit up. He had always thought the blue dream butterfly as a friend. That was why when he searched for anything from a human perspective, naturally nothing came out. If he was to start from berserk beasts....

To be more accurate, he should have searched from the blue dream butterfly...

“Hong!”

Almost instantly, Su Hao recalled back the familiar scene in front of him right now. The worry in his heart instantly disappeared as he quietly said this, “Evolution!”

Evolution!

What is evolution?

Before the era of origin ability, evolution referred to a variation of genetic traits in the aspect of biology. The so-called genetic traits referred to the performance of genes. These genes would be copied and passed down to the offspring during breeding. As mutation occurred, the genetic trait could be changed which then led to genetic variation between individuals.

However, since the origin ability era, evolution didn’t mean just the variation of genetic traits!

As long as your origin ability energy reached a certain figure, mysterious changes could still be happening. Under the influence of origin ability to advance gene recombination, coupled with allele recombination rate, it once again recalculated the pairing of genes which then brought a qualitative change.

This phenomenon was evolution!

To be more accurate, it should be called origin ability evolution!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0156 Evolving
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0156 Evolving

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Nora.

The evolution of origin ability was common in society.

Regardless of whether one was a human or a berserk beast, they would both follow the same process. However, in order to distinguish between these two, humans adopted a more acceptable method and called their process the integration of origin ability! On the other hand, humans referred to the process in the berserk beasts’ kingdom as variation.

That’s right.

As every human entered high school, they would undergo the integration of origin ability—this was the first evolution of origin ability! For every berserk beast, when they were affected by the influence of origin ability, they would evolve into berserk beasts from ordinary animals. This was their first evolution of origin ability!

Evolution was the theme song for human advancement.

And this had always been true from the beginning until today.

Through millions of years, human beings had slowly transformed and evolved. Up until now, when they had developed today’s civilized society. Meanwhile, this process increased the speed of the evolution of origin ability by multiple times!

As they tried to master the power of origin ability and everyone learned to easily release their origin ability energy, humans became capable of controlling this rhythm of evolution!

Through daily practice, it could be understood as the variation of quantity. However, due to the effects of the origin ability, the origin ability within the body would completely breakthrough and undergo a qualitative change when the body was affected up until a certain level. As the process and the results combined together, a perfect evolution was created!

However, for berserk beasts, this feature was reflected even clearer.

“Boom!”

As the origin ability energy horrifyingly escaped, a bright blue light shot up towards the sky.

When the bright glare shone towards Su Hao, he subconsciously closed his eyes. At the same time, the surrounding berserk beasts scurried around to find a place to hide.

The blue light slowly faded.

As Su Hao opened his eyes, he became deeply shocked at the scene in front of him.

As the blue rays emitted by the blue dream butterfly faded, a new crystal blue light wrapped around her body. And at this moment, her size had greatly increased. Originally, she was just a mini little brat. Now, she had actually grown about 20 centimeters. Her pair of beautiful blue wings subconsciously flapped and the surrounding crystal blue light danced.

Magical.

More astonishingly, the blue dream butterfly’s body had gone through a complete change.

Although she was originally beautiful and a butterfly capable of killing every little girls’ heart, she gave others the vibe of a pet and was cute. Although her crystal clear body was beautiful, ultimately, a butterfly was still a butterfly. For people like Su Hao, its damage output was too weak.

However, her blue jade like body had completely disappeared this time and what appeared before Su Hao was a pair of perfect **.

Her silky black hair, pure white skin and curly eyebrows, were all as mesmerizing as before. Although her eyes were closed, her trembling eyelashes filled her with a thrilling beauty and atop of those pair of huge and abundant breasts, laid a pair of art like dragon eyes.

Su Hao was burning with lusts the moment he first saw her.

However, this time he just silently stared. Her body was indescribably beautiful, her figure was as spotless as jade and it was as if any embellishment would ruin such beauty.

“Swoosh!”

That gust of power disappeared and the blue dream butterfly crashed towards the ground. Su Hao reacted and quickly stretched his arms to catch her.

“Hmmm...”

It was as if the blue butterfly had found a warm embrace. Her body semi consciously flipped and her wings spread out. As it laid on the palms of Su Hao, it comfortably went to sleep.

Su Hao: “...”

Big sister, you don’t have any clothes on!

I really did not take advantage of you!

If the previous time was a fleeting moment, he had nothing to say about it. But this time, although the blue dream butterfly’s overall body was a few times smaller, Su Hao had still clearly seen her whole body.

Darn it!

Su Hao chuckled bitterly as he helplessly shook his head and placed the blue butterfly into his backpack. He then pulled a piece of cloth and covered her, allowing her to comfortably lie in his backpack.

When he saw the blue dream butterfly sleeping sweetly, Su Hao’s lips cracked into a small smile.

After finding an empty space, Su Hao began training his body forging technique.

“One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight...”

“Crack!”

Su Hao’s whole body moved on the spot and his joints produced a crisp sound. No matter how challenging it was, he had to train in his body forging technique every day.

Heaven rewards diligence!

If he seriously trained every day, it probably wouldn’t take six months long.

After an hour, a surge of energy exploded and wandered around Su Hao’s body. Su Hao went numb for a moment, as if his body had been electrocuted.

Body forging technique training, completed.

“Ah—”

Su Hao stretched. As he moved his lower body, he began his training again.

Beginner military fighting technique!

“Pant.”

“Pant.”

As Su Hao punched the air, a strong gust of wind blew and rang loudly.

Following days of training, Su Hao had become more familiar with the beginner military fighting techniques. He believed after he went back, he could begin to train his intermediate military fighting techniques. In fact, due to his solid foundation, it was certain that the intermediate military fighting technique would not be so time consuming.

After half an hour, Su Hao stood up and folded his arms.

Behind the room surrounded by countless tiles, a yellow chick curiously stuck out. Su Hao had already disregarded these non-malicious spectators.

After finishing his training, Su Hao returned to his sleeping place. In his backpack, the blue dream butterfly had woken up.

“Xiu!”

A blue ray of light flashed by and the blue butterfly flew in front of Su Hao. Her red cheeks were akin to newly matured red apples and her body was wrapped by a small but long piece of cloth. Its layers formed a dress that completely covered her torso.

“Thank... thank you.”

The blue dream butterfly squeaked.

“It’s fine.” Su Hao smiled as he shook his head. Suddenly, he became certain of something. At this moment, he had noticed that the blue dream butterfly was actually speaking to him. Instead of speaking in his mind, she had actually used her mouth to speak!

“You... you can speak?”

Su Hao said with excitement and happiness.

“Yes.”

The blue dream butterfly shyly nodded, “After becoming like this, I can naturally speak.”

Su Hao became speechless.

Of course.

Her earlier body, as good as it looked, was still the body of a butterfly. It lacked tear glands and she couldn’t cry even if she wanted to. Additionally, since her body didn’t have any vocal chords, it was natural that she couldn’t speak. At this moment, as the human body was partially restored, she was naturally able to speak.

“Why did you transform into this?” Su Hao asked with some confusion, “Have you been restored to a human body?”

“No.”

The blue butterfly bit her mouth and lightly shook her head, “This is still the blue dream butterfly’s body. However, after the evolution, it became like this.”

“Really?”

Su Hao’s eyes lit up, “As you evolved, did you think of anything?”

“Yes.”

The blue butterfly softly replied, “I... I... At the beginning I didn’t know it was an evolution, so I was very scared. Then I began to reflect on my past memories, which were human memories.”

Su Hao violently nodded his head. “It should be so. As you thought of your past, it subconsciously changed a bit. Therefore, as you evolved, a part of this energy was used to transform your body. I remember that I learned from my textbook, as berserk beasts evolved, their body will also change, and the changes would definitely be beneficial!”

“For you, it should be the same process. However... your change this time has caused you to return to a familiar appearance,” Su Hao said.

The blue dream butterfly then understood. Looking at herself today, she seemed to be very satisfied.

“Why did you suddenly evolve?”

Su Hao asked curiously.

“I don’t know.” The blue dream butterfly was confused. As she bowed her little head, she said, “Lately, my strength has increased a lot but it has not reached the stage of evolution. Otherwise, I would have at least made some preparations. However, after coming here, I had this strange feeling. That feeling disappeared after evolving.”

Twack!

Su Hao beat his head.

You little brat, you’re still clueless as ever!

However, the strange feeling mentioned by the blue dream butterfly...

Su Hao’s eyes flashed with a strange look. This Rich chicken farm was not as simple as it seemed! The deaths of those rampaging berserk beasts... the countless chicks that possessed wisdom... the mystical evolution of the blue dream butterfly... all of these factors seemed to indicate that this place was extraordinary. Although it had not been found yet, Su Hao knew that this place surely hid a mysterious secret.

Or perhaps, this was the trigger for the influence of origin ability.

Su Hao looked down while being immersed in his thoughts.

The blue dream butterfly interrupted him by shyly asking, “Su Hao, does it mean that as I was evolving earlier, did you...”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0157 Life or death crisis
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0157 Life or death crisis

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

Su Hao looked at her, glanced at her red cheeks and suddenly chuckled, “Did I what?”

“I hate you!”

The blue dream butterfly stamped her feet and pouted her small mouth, “I asked you did you see me.....”

In order to express her deterrence, the blue dream butterfly even showed her little fierce fist. However, the current her, no matter how you looked, she seemed more like sulking. That cute tone coupled with her half revealing clothes, besides having one’s blood boiling, how could there be any hint of a threat?

Helplessly shaking his head, Su Hao pinched her wings and directly threw her on his shoulders. He then snappily said, “If I didn’t see, how could I cover you up with clothes? It’s not like I haven’t seen it before. What’s there to be shy about? Little brat, prepare to depart. You’re not small so keep your wings hidden, or else, you might accidentally get hurt during battle.”

“Ok.”

The blue dream butterfly replied in a low tone. It was a rare occurrence of her not rampaging. That white cheeks of her revealed a slight touch of rose red. Looking at Su Hao’s normal expression which didn’t seem to be fake, her embarrassment had been reduced by quite an amount.

Shua!

A wave of energy ripple flashed. The blue dream butterfly disappeared.

“Hu~”

After noticing the blue dream butterfly had disappeared, only then did Su Hao feel relieved in his heart.

He, who pretended to be calm on the surface, received a huge amount of pressure just now! A naked body was, of course, nice to look at, but what aroused people the most was this half revealing, half covering scene without any doubt! Would just a casual cloth be able to cover her whole body?

Plus, before this, with the appearance of a butterfly, he didn’t feel anything.

This time, facing a beautiful girl, this was really a test of his faithful love to Chen Yiran.

This was torture!

Taking a few steps forward, he cleared away the mess within his mind.

A cold wind blew past him, allowing him to get into a calm state faster.

The sky was cold.

Taking rapid steps, Su Hao looked back for a bit. Many berserk beasts were following the lead. Just that this time, the rooster no longer throw any brick.

“This mysterious Rich chicken farm......one day, I will definitely come back here!”

Su Hao’s mouth raised a smile. Waving his hand to those little yellow chicks, he then abruptly turned around and continued his journey.

Those berserk beasts were shocked when Su Hao waved his hands. They quickly hid themselves, before coming out and taking a peek at Su Hao’s figure leaving. Surprisingly, those little yellow chicks faced Su Hao while waving their little wing.

“Ao~”

Just stepping out from the chicken farm’s territory, a strange berserk beast began to charge at him.

Su Hao frowned. As his stature flashed, white teeth on his hand skillfully passed by the beast’s neck and blood instantly sputtered. This berserk beast died on the spot.

“The teeth of that drunk rat beast king is indeed powerful!”

Su Hao said so in satisfaction. Once again, he continued his journey by following the route on the map.

Five hours later.

Su Hao appeared at the edge of wasteland. The clothes on his body now were decorated with several holes. His current appearance now was like a beggar. The muscles in his body were now completely exposed.

Regarding this, Su Hao could only bitterly smile.

Damn it. In theoretical basis, there wasn’t anything which mentioned extra clothes must be brought while in the wilderness?

In fact, this was entirely Su Hao’s fault.

The desire of a youth was fired up by the blue dream butterfly. Su Hao let off all his steam on those berserk beasts. On his way here, almost every berserk beasts suffered a huge loss.

Being singled out alone, Su Hao didn’t fear anything here!

Here, no berserk beast with strength higher than 15 points in origin ability appeared. Su Hao casually abused and toyed around with those berserk beasts. Of course, the end result....

Were these ragged clothes.

“Pu!”

Spitting out a leaf in his mouth which he didn’t realize had entered his mouth, Su Hao once again activated his virtual screen.

Shua!

The map was flashing.

A realistic 3D map appeared. A line was drawn throughout the map with numerous spots marked. Su Hao was standing at one of those spots right now.

According to the route picked by him, there wasn’t anything dangerous up front. What would be appearing was a forest, full of trees and bushes, not under any man’s jurisdiction. And it was located exactly between two berserk beasts’ territory which would make his journey smooth. After that, he would then reach Fengshan Village!

It could be said once he left the wasteland, he had already completed 90 percent of his journey.

“Exactly one and a half day duration. Seems this journey is considered smooth.”

Su Hao calculated for a bit. Because of the usage of toxin drug, he was able to pass Machinery Wine Factory easily. As for the Rich chicken farm, it was needless to say. He spent the night there comfortably. That was why his journey was faster than what he planned. If he continued with such progression, perhaps by tonight he would obtain the wine.

Closing the virtual screen, Su Hao looked at the forest in front and directly entered.

“Sou!”

Su Hao easily traveled in the forest. Occasionally, there would be some berserk beasts appearing. However, they simply couldn’t keep up with his footwork and were easily left behind. When there wasn’t any large wave of berserk beasts, this method was indeed fast and efficient.

Just that as he kept moving, Su Hao began to gradually frown.

Something wasn’t right here.

The forest was in total silence and such silence was too scary.

Right now it was about 1 pm. However, as he moved at a quick pace, he found out that lesser and lesser berserk beasts appearing. Although this was the border between two berserk beasts’ territory, those wandering berserk beasts shouldn’t be so few!

Besides those few which he met at the earlier stage, for the last half an hour, he didn’t even see a single shadow.

“Perhaps there is any huge berserk beast or those two berserk beasts species were in a war?”

Su Hao’s mind became even more anxious and alert.

However, at this time, a sweet voice resounded within his mind, “Su Hao, quickly dodge!”

“This voice....”

Su Hao’s eyes lit up. Without any hesitation, he dashed to his right and rolled his body to the side.

Just as his head was about to move, when he didn’t dodge on time, he already heard a loud sound traveling past his ear and blasted the tree behind with full force which then formed a hole.

Escaping an inexplicable attack, Su Hao then stood up horrified.

Looking around, he actually couldn’t find anything!

What happened?

After quite some time, Su Hao recalled hearing a familiar sound!

“Peng!”

Su Hao’s mind went tight, gunfire!

It turned out to be gunfire!

Su Hao’s eyes turned cold. Carefully looking at the hole in the tree, he quickly hid himself behind a tree.

A kilometer away.

A middle-aged man with scars on his face, carrying a long sniper rifle, he was aiming at somewhere within the forest. Through the aiming lens, he could easily see a human shadow within the forest.

“Hehe, just a little baby student. Yet, trying to snatch this task away from me!” Dao Ba sneered, “This is funny. I thought you’re expert since you’re able to evade once. Yet, you don’t know how to hide yourself from a sniper’s view. This is a new type of sniper rifle, you think you can evade its shot easily?”

Through the aiming lens, he could clearly see a red shadow flashing here and there within the forest. The latest type of sniper rifle had a heat sensor with the aid of origin ability energy. That was why you could easily detect any living organism with heat. With huge firepower, it was more than enough to penetrate all the roads blocking its path!

3000 meters distance was a just a blink of an eye to travel!

From his backpack, taking out a bottle of body recovery drug, Dao Ba in a breath drank half a bottle. Traces of blood in his hand slowly disappeared and healed. Soon, the wound was gone.

“Hehe.”

Dao Ba grinned for a second. Once again, he adjusted his aim at the red shadow. The cross was aimed at the center of the heart as he slowly counted the time.

“Time’s up!”

Dao Ba without any hesitation pulled the trigger.

“Peng!”

A strong force came by as a huge momentum appeared from the mouth of the sniper rifle.

“Hong!”

The stones below the sniper rifle were broken into countless pieces.

The recoil force was too strong!

The higher the force produced, the higher amount of recoil force he had to endure!

The hand of Dao Ba once again revealed traces of blood.

“The speed of the bullet is faster than sound.” Dao Ba’s mouth revealed a brutal smile as he drank the remaining drug in the bottle, “Little brat, enjoy your last moment before death.”

In the forest.

Behind a tree, Su Hao who just escaped by a thin margin from the first shot was covered in cold sweat.

No matter what, he would have never thought that at this time and place, he would encounter a sniper. If not for blue dream butterfly’s warning just now, he would have become a corpse!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0158 Rapid analysis
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0158 Rapid analysis

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

Firearms!

The government had prohibited the production of this popular weapon.

The reason behind this prohibition was due to the fact that, ever since the eruption of the origin ability era, the strength of the berserk beasts increasingly grew stronger. As such, merely a firearm would no longer cause any harm to the berserker beasts.

Even a powerful rocket launcher was useless against a powerful berserk beast!

Handguns, grenades and other weapons weren’t even worth a mention. Instead, once a human’s origin ability had gone through a certain level of development, then some harm against the berserk beasts can be caused. Firearms were unable to pierce or harm the berserk beasts. As for facing origin ability talents, naturally, they were powerless against.

In fact, after the eruption of the origin ability era and its reconstruction, many weapon production factories were destroyed, and now, barely a few weapon production factories remained. In order to reconstruct these factories, an enormous fee must be paid. Making an enormous expenditure just to reconstruct something which is ineffective in combat? Naturally, this wasn’t permissible.

Eventually, firearms were banned.

However, following the development of origin ability, humans discovered a horrific matter, that is.... Even though firearms were ineffective against berserk beasts, but to humans, firearms were lethal against them. These firearms which were useless against the berserk beasts, were frighteningly useful against humans. It was as if firearms were humans ideal equipment to annihilate each other!

The reason was simple, the berserk beasts’ fur will always be on them.

No matter when the shot was made, the fur of the berserker beasts would effectively block any incoming bullets. But for humans? Although humans’ origin ability talents were great, they weren’t able to be constantly alert for 24 hours a day or to eternally use the origin ability defenses. Therefore, one moment of carelessness or negligence, a shot from a kilometer distance would be fatal.

After the Origin Ability Association discovered this, they were immediately enraged.

As you face such an incredible enemy like the berserk beasts, humans would still kill one another? Therefore, the Origin Ability Association immediately issued a ban!

The ban prohibited any business corporation in any condition, in any size, to produce firearms! If such production was found, any person was allowed to kill them on the spot. And this person would be able to claim a lucrative reward from the Origin Ability Association. Reporting any leads which were then subsequently confirmed would also be entitled them to a lucrative reward.

It was an order to stop killing each other.

This caused the few remaining firearm production factories to be completely destroyed. However, a few would still slip through the net and quietly produce such weapons and would secretly and illegally sell firearms.

In addition, after many years of advancement.

The integration of firearms and origin ability liquid produced an even more powerful effect!

This weapon would be very effective against low-level berserk beasts. However, the number of these low-level berserk beasts were so numerous that they weren’t able to be completely annihilated. And humans’ biggest enemy was those ferocious berserk beasts. The so-called college entrance examination system was produced to cultivate strong espers! Only truly strong espers would be really effective against these berserk beasts.

Therefore, the government was willing to pay any cost!

As firearms weren’t able to see the light of day, among them, the unavoidable sniper rifle, was called by others as traitor guns. Because only when they faced humans, they were able to unleash their most powerful might.

Su Hao saw these firearms twice.

The first time, which was like this gun earlier. As for the other time, it was the gun when he faced the Piao Ling Organization. Both times were abnormally dangerous.

Indeed, what the wise old saying was true, humans greatest enemy would always be themselves!

With his thoughts as quick as lightning, which in reality it wasn’t even a second, Su Hao quickly analyzed the earlier gunshot. As a victor need to know the enemy as well as himself, as long as he knew any information about the enemy, he would be victorious.

For him, that earlier shot revealed a lot of information.

Shooting position!

From the line of fire attacking him from his back, reaching the tree, it was a 30-degree angle. Su Hao easily deduced the enemy’s estimated position.

The size of the muzzle!

The bullet easily shot through the huge tree and left a tiny bullet hole. As Su Hao left earlier, he made a glancing sweep. Based on the size of the bullet, he was able to determine the size of the muzzle, and from thereon he was able to determine the model of this sniper rifle. There was only one type of sniper rifle that would use such a small but high-speed bullet, and that was the latest fk7-111 sniper rifle model.

Friction force delay!

In theory, the bullet’s speed would be faster than sound, therefore, it was certain that the bullet would arrive, followed by the sound.

But, after air friction factor was considered, once exceeding 1000 meters, although the speed of the bullet would be reduced, the sound wouldn’t be reduced. Therefore, in an ordinary scenario, once beyond 1000 meters, it was possible that the sound would arrive earlier than the bullet.

However, the fk7-111 sniper rifle was an exception.

This fk7-111 sniper rifle was a product of the integration of both origin ability and technology. It only had one unique feature, where it would disregard air friction! Every friction consumed would be the bullet’s internal origin ability! Within a 5000 meter radius, from start to finish, it would maintain a constant speed, that was what made it so frightening.

The shooting speed of the fk7-111 sniper rifle was roughly 1850 meters per second, but from there till here, the speed wasn’t as fast as before. That it reached a point which Su Hao was able to notice a shadow flashed past him.

After reflecting the speed of the earlier bullet... and making a comparison, where the top speed of the fk7-111, the speed would reduce after it pierced through every tree... and with the average distance of every tree... and the sound propagation of the speed...

Su Hao’s brain continued to calculate at a crazy pace.

Finally, he came to a conclusion, the distance between the enemy and himself would be about 3000-3500 meters!

“3000 meters...”

Su Hao was shocked. With such a distance, the enemy must have accurately calculated that there will be a passerby at this moment. Upon calculating the time, at this moment, there was only one type of person who could pass by, and this type of person would be the person who was heading to Fengshan Village.

The enemy’s identity was finally revealed.

It would be a person accepting the century-old wine task which was the same as the one he accepted. However, the enemy wasn’t a student, but a horrifying strong esper who accepted this task from the Origin Ability Association firm!

“That was a very cruel method!”

Su Hao said in shock. In order to finish this task, this person had planned to ambush and kill every competitor. How clean and crisp was this method?

Su Hao admitted that he has yet to possess such boldness!

The enemy who used this fk7-111 sniper rifle, his physical fitness level would be at least 250 points. To shoot with such precision, the enemy would probably be very well trained. This meant the enemy would always use this method of sniping. Basically, the task was reliant on this, and not reliant on his origin ability.

In other words, the enemy wasn’t relying on the talent of origin ability to survive!

From another perspective, it could be said that this person doesn’t have any talent of origin ability!

For a person who relies on combat for a living, this was similar to the ancient mercenary, or it can be said that this person was a mercenary before the origin ability era.

This meant that the deduction of the physical strength of the person was complete!

Identity, location, distance, weapon, strength, these five factors were completely determined. And the hidden enemy probably didn’t realize that a shot would expose every information about him!

Su Hao was confident that even if there were any miscalculations, it wouldn’t be more than ten.

The coldness within his eyes flashed, Su Hao remained unmoved, “Fk7-111 sniper rifle, if he is not a strong esper, then he couldn’t have endured this rifle’s recoil force! He would have to rest for at least 5 seconds or drink a bottle of body recovery drug. Otherwise, if he continued to fire, his hands would be crippled!”

5 seconds....

Su Hao pondered a while, up until now, 2 seconds have passed. In addition to the 2 second audio delay, in other words, he will fire in another 1 second!

Just knowing his position wouldn’t be enough, specific information to capture him must be accurately determined, otherwise, although the next shot can be avoided, the 3rd shot will cause problems!

What can I do?

Cold sweat appeared on Su Hao’s forehead, but his face appeared to be extraordinarily calm.

For moments like this, all the more reason a calm heart was required!

By now, the one he could only rely on was his model analysis. But this model analysis was very limited, and he deeply understood that due to his previous experience when he constructed models.

During the battle of honor, if it exceeded 800 meters, all his energy would be depleted and the model collapsed instantaneously. Although currently, his ability has hugely increased and the consumption of the origin ability energy would also have been reduced to a certain level, but according to his calculations, he could only reach 1000 meters if he was forced to. Not to mention 3000 meters, if he dared to directly establish the model and not wait for the enemy to attack, he would first exhaust his origin ability energy!

What to do now?

Su Hao’s breath was heavier, his mind was quickly contemplating, as there wasn’t a single moment he could afford to waste.

3000 meters... 800 meters... this is not right!

Why must I make a complete detection?

Su Hao’s eyes lit up. Since I know the enemy’s position, then why... why couldn’t I unilaterally establish the model?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0159 - Universally Shocking
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0159 - Universally Shocking

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

What if he only established models in the direction of the enemy?

A radius of 800 meters, the huge scale was why it was hard to maintain. Due to its circular shape, the further it was from the point he was standing, the greater the radius would be. When the radius reached 800 meters, how much area he did he need to cover? 800*800*π = 2,010,619. The final result was 2.01 million square meters. That was a enormous number!

No wonder when he was establishing the model, it would instantly collapse. He couldn’t even maintain the model for 0.01 seconds.

However, if he was to establish it in just one direction, the area for him to establish the model would be much smaller! 3000 meters in length, 3 meters in width meant a mere 9000 square meters. Compared to the previous model, it wasn’t even worth a fraction.

But it was still more than enough to sustain the model!

“Great!”

Su Hao took a deep breath. Now, I will just be waiting for you to shoot!

In order to determine the location of the foe and to prevent him from changing his position, Su Hao need to confirm whether the sniper had moved his position after the first shot. Only then would Su Hao be able to make a better judgement.

The last second reached!

Model analysis, start!

Terrain modeling!

Single direction: 12 o’clock!

Fixed distance: 3500 meters!

Fixed duration: 0.5 second!

Shua!

From Su Hao’s position to the location of enemy analyzed by Su Hao, he instantly began his model analysis. At this moment, numerous models appeared within Su Hao’s mind. In order to prevent any mishap due to enemy being further away, Su Hao covered a full distance of 3500 meters!

Sure enough, at 3200 meters, Su Hao found his foe.

Position, unchanged!

He was still in the same spot!

In between them, all the trees, locations, gaps between trees were all clearly visible within Su Hao’s mind.

After 0.5 seconds, the model instantly collapsed!

This was the duration Su Hao set up himself. Had he established all these models just to discover the position of the foe? Of course not! The reason he established the model in such way was just for one reason, avoiding bullets!

One more time!, Su Hao sneered.

Model analysis, start!

Terrain modeling!

Single direction: 12 o’clock!

Fixed distance: 3200 meters!

Fixed duration: 0.5 second!

Shua!

The same scene once again appeared. Being separated by 0.5 second, Su Hao found out something different between them.....

After 0.5 second, many trees in between a certain range had an additional little hole. Impressively, this time, a bullet appeared in the model established which was heading toward Su Hao. Just 0.5 second and yet it had travelled 800 meters!

“Heng!”

Su Hao sneered. Being able to discover your position and determine the bullet track, you still think that you will succeed in shooting me?

“Shua!”

Su Hao’s image flashed as he easily dodged to the right side.

In order to judge his counterattack, he purposely waited for a bit. Sure enough, one second later, a bullet passed through the place he was standing at a moment ago, leaving a small hole behind.

“Yea, I guess it right,” Su Hao murmured, “Thanks to your blessing, I managed to comprehend a new ability. Since I can predict long ranged attacks, I guess I will name it ‘prediction modeling’, then!”

Since every single detail had been confirmed, then what was there to wait for?!

Su Hao’s eyes were glowing coldly as he looked at the position of his enemy 3000 meters away. To move 3200 meters, he needed 100 seconds! Attacking once every 5 seconds, in other words, his enemy could attack 20 times in between. So he needed to dodge 20 bullets. With his current energy....it was enough!

“Hong!”

Su Hao kicked off the tree behind him and rushed in the direction of the foe.

The trees in the forest began to tremble. Su Hao was like a runaway beast, his body was moving at lightning-like high speed.

-------------

Thousands of meters away...

After this shot, Dao Ba was just about to close shop when he noticed through the aiming scope the person he aimed at had easily evaded his shot!

“Dodging two times in succession?” Dao Ba’s facial expression turned bad.

Evading once could be considered as luck, but to do so two times wasn’t right! To be able to survive in the wilderness for so many years, naturally he had formidable attributes to back him up.

It was none other than him being very cautious!

“There’s a problem!”

Dao Ba adjusted his position for a bit and silently counted for 5 seconds. Once again, he aimed at the silhouette and shot. At this time, his opponent was running back and forth. He was totally dismissive of such actions.

Someone who was familiar with sniper rifles could predict an enemy’s movements easily.

Based on his opponent’s actions, 2 seconds were already more than enough to predict what he was going to do.

Peng!

Yet another shot. The strong recoil force caused the wound on Dao Ba’s hand to bleed even more. Yet, his face was still the same as his eyes kept staring at his rival’s image.

However, what stunned him was when the bullet was about to hit the boy-

The boy...he actually halted for a moment!

This short pause actually made his prediction line just miss, brushing past the boy.

It was another missed shot!

“How could this be?” Dao Ba was shocked as he looked at the figure leaping around. “Could this be another coincidence? Did he found out my prediction line? No, impossible! It was a prediction attack by me, how could he discover it?”

Dao Ba, who didn’t want to believe what he saw, once again silently counted off 5 seconds. When the injury in his hand recovered, he took aim and shot again.

Peng!

Another shot, this time the foe was advancing forward within the prediction line. Basically, he didn’t need to guess that this time the bullet would definitely hit his target.

However, just like previously...

Just when the bullet was about to hit the boy, that boy gently dodged to the side as the bullet passed by him!

Just 2 seconds in between all this, yet the boy was able to quickly make his judgement within a second!

“Damn it!” Dao Ba cursed for a second. At this moment, he finally understood. The boy had nothing to fear! He could easily discover his bullets, or perhaps this boy had some sort of sixth sense!

“F*ck my life!”

Dao Ba was mad. This time, the foe had some sort of prediction-type origin ability talent? Or perhaps intuition-type origin ability talent? This time he was in deep trouble!

Still not believing his own judgement, he fired several times. Without any accidents, each bullet just passed by the boy.

He simply couldn’t hit his target.

As if God was playing a joke on him, this foe’s terrifying ability was like the movie ‘Next’ which Nicholas Cage starred in, where he could casually allow each bullet to pass by his body.

The difference of life and death was just a thin hair apart.

Dao Ba’s face turned completely green.

Plus, he noticed something scary. No matter how he adjusted his aiming lens, he could easily find the boy. This was because at this time, it was just a straight line between him and his target.

Although this person didn’t stop moving around, he was actually moving towards Dao Ba’s position!

Not only did the boy notice him, he was actually sprinting towards him!

“Damn it!” Dao Ba’s face changed dramatically, “He could even do this?”

That was a distance of more than 3000 meters! How could the target discover him?

Poor Dao Ba didn’t know that for his bookworm opponent, just one shot was enough to expose his location.

“What to do now?” After noticing this, Dao Ba only had two options to pick.

First, gamble with his foe! At this moment, the distance between both of them was about 2000 meters. He could still attack several times. Although the boy was fast, as the distance closed between them, he might not be able to dodge all attacks. Perhaps, he could hit the boy once!

Second choice, escape! Living in mountains, he wasn’t afraid of lacking any firewood. Leaving here and waiting for his rival to go Fengshan Village and pick up the item, or to start fighting with berserk beasts, he could then make his move.

After thinking about it slightly, Dao Ba didn’t hesitate to make the second choice.

With the first choice, if the foe really had any prediction class ability, then the probability of him dying would be more than 90 percent! Taking the second choice, if he was to flee into the woods, he would still have the chance to obtain the task item. This was the first time he had made such a choice after being in the wilderness for so many years.

“Retreat!”

Thinking of this, Dao Ba didn’t hesitate to turn around and leave.

At this moment, Su Hao was pursuing him, and once again used his prediction modeling. He was stunned.....the reality was different from what he planned. The bullet he expected didn’t appear. Instead, he saw the figure retreating a distance away. Almost instantly, he understood the situation.

This brat wanted to flee?

Such a good decisive reaction!

“Making moves without hesitation. Acting decisively! Formidable strength!”

Su Hao quickly analyzed the judgement of this enemy of his. He asked himself, if such a person was allowed to flee, what would the end result be?

It went without saying!

Su Hao didn’t wish to see himself working hard to complete the task and then all the rewards going to the other!

“Chase him!”

Cold light flashed within Su Hao’s eyes as he didn’t hesitate to chase and kill the sniper.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0160 Chase and kill
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0160 Chase and kill

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Nora.

“Chase!”

If the opponent had some sense of regret for confronting him, Su Hao was somewhat afraid too. After all, the closer he was to the sniper rifle, the faster the relative bullet speed. Do not forget, the duration would be shorter too. He must dodge at almost the same time that the shot was fired. To identify the bullet route was no longer an option. If he was delayed for a single fraction of a second, he might be hit instead.

But this time....the opponent was resorting to fleeing?

Is this a joke?

Su Hao made an estimation. The opponent’s physical fitness was at least 250 points but it would not be extremely high. As a hunter who did not have any origin ability talent, he definitely would not use any advanced strengthening drug! Thus, the opponent’s physical fitness should be a bit more than 250 points. Perhaps, there might even be quite a distance before they reached 300 points.

How could this level of physical fitness be compared with Su Hao’s, who had reached a terrifying 350 points?

Huh!

Su Hao once again activated the prediction modeling twice and easily captured the speed of the opponent. The difference between the two figures was within an interval of 0.5 seconds, his speed was greater than the opponent’s by a factor of two. That would be his speed in a second.

It was weak in comparison!

There was quite a gap when compared to Su Hao.

Su Hao made a quick calculation, “There should be around 260 points in physical fitness for them to maintain such a speed—this is within expectations. Since the situation is like this, then there can only be one result...”

Su Hao’s mouth revealed a trace of a sinister smile.

At a distance away.

Dao Ba had run a full distance of 6000 meters before he finally stopped!

Fearing that the surrounding berserk beasts might affect his sniping, he had already killed off all the berserk beasts in the surroundings when he had first reached this first. Since this place was the intersection between two territories, the original number of berserk beasts were already small in the first place. After being killed by him, this place had become silent.

These 6000 meters, he did not dare to run in a straight line.

Along the way, he reduced his speed and took several circles around. Not only that, he also made sure to remove any traces he left behind so that the opponent could not determine where he went.

As a qualified hunter, he was very competent in his work.

“Huh......I finally managed to escape.”

Dao Ba wiped the sweat off his body as he hid under a boulder within the forest. This was basically a small cave. If you did not have a clear look at it, you would not even recognize this cave because this spot was only 50 meters in height. It was surrounded by tall grasses and there was a big boulder above. Most people would think that it was a gap in between the boulder.

Who would have thought that under this crack, a person could fit in?

Removing the boulder, Dao Ba twisted his body for a bit to get himself inside. Only after doing that did he put the boulder back. The position was just right for the sniper rifle to be placed in a way to aim outside. In such a position, nobody would be able to find him. Even if he killed his enemy that was within a few hundred meters, most probably he would not be found out. This was because this spot was too well hidden!

“Damn, finally I can take a breath of relief.”

Dao Ba took a deep breath. Only here did he truly feel secure.

Through his aiming lens, he looked at the situation outside. Sweeping around left and right in a circle, he could not find any traces of the boy which then made his guard go down.

Never would he expect someone like him who was used to sniping goose to almost be poked by a goose today. This was totally dangerous.

“In this era of origin ability, nobody is to be underestimated.”

Dao Ba carefully thought about it. When he took a closer look, he sneered. “So what if you’re so powerful? This young master still managed to shoot you many times and fled safely. In these days, distance is the true king! Whatever talent, under a sniper rifle, everything is just a useless!”

Just when he was about to say something, he suddenly heard a strange sound which was then followed by some vibrations on the ground.

“What’s happening?”

Dao Ba’s facial expression changed. “It can’t be earthquake right?”

Thinking of this, Dao Ba decided to quickly get out. Just at this moment, a loud bang could be heard. The boulder above him was suddenly hit by a strong force. This boulder—which was originally used as a roof—collapsed. It was then broken into pieces and fell down.

Bao Ba’s face turned bad. He just wanted to get out quickly, how could he easily leave this spot after he had crawled that deeply into the crack?

Just as he climbed halfway out, heavy stones struck him down.

“Ar.......”

A mournful scream could be heard from the pit.

Above the boulder, Su Hao was standing there as he sneered while looking at the middle aged man who was struggling to come out. This was the person who was vicious to the extreme and had nearly put him to death?

Thinking of this, Su Hao fiercely stepped on the boulder with his feet.

The stones collapsed into a worse state. It was needless to say how the situation looked for Dao Ba who was under the rocks. When he was finally able to climb out of the pit, his pair of legs would almost be crippled for certain!

If it was ordinary people, they would have scream non-stop due to the intense pain. However, Dao Ba skillfully took out a capsule from his left pocket and quickly swallowed it at this moment.

“Weng~”

Countless mysterious hormones began to react within his body. His leg injury began to rapidly heal at a speed noticeable by the naked eye.

Su Hao looked in surprise.

Noticing the healing speed, it must have been at least an intermediate body recovery drug and it was a drug compressed into a capsule. How expensive was that capsule?

The so-called capsule existed because a bottle of drug was not easy to carry around and inconvenient to use. Thus, in order to remove hindrances during battles, the liquid was compressed into a capsule.

From the surface, it was not any different from an ordinary capsule.

Similarly, because of its capsule form, the value had increased by at least ten times the original price! Thus, this little intermediate body recovery capsule should at least cost a few million star dollars or above.

And this capsule should be the life saving card of this middle aged man.

Both of Dao Ba’s injured legs began to gradually recovered.

However, at this time, his whole body was covered in cold sweat. He did not dare to move because he could sense that someone was standing behind him!

“Someone is there?”

Dao Ba’s soul was about to depart from his body.

This cave here had collapsed due to this opponent’s doing?

Slowly turned his head over, Dao Ba looked at a teenager that was before his eyes in shock. That familiar figure made him instantly understand that this person was the boy who had been chasing and trying to kill him!

“It’s you?!”

Dao Ba looked at the boy before him in disbelief.

No matter what, he could not believe his opponent had chased him all the way here, it was a total distance of 6000 meters. How could this opponent chase him all the way here? How did this opponent discover him? What kind of magical ability was it this time?

“Hey, let’s have some introductions. I’m Su Hao.” Su Hao looked at him expressionlessly. “I believe you don’t mind introducing yourself, right?”

Dao Ba bitterly smiled, “Everyone calls me Dao Ba.”

“Dao Ba, such an imposing name,” Su Hao casually said, “Can you tell me why you attacked me? If not because of my unique origin ability talent, I would probably be dead under your hand.”

Sure enough, it was this problem of origin ability talent.

But this question....

The opponent did not know the reason of him trying to kill?

Dao Ba bitterly smiled, “Actually....”

“Hong!”

At this moment, Dao Ba made his move. At this close distance, he threw his punch without any hesitation. He flung both of his fists, the distance between them was only a few centimeters!

He looked at Su Hao’s figure, which obviously did not make any response.

Dao Ba coldly laughed within his heart. A student was always a student. A few tricks and you will let your guard down. At this age, not staying in school but roaming here is just an act of digging your own grave!

Regarding his physical fitness, Dao Ba was very confident!

His 260 points in physical fitness easily made him one of the best among hunters! Although he did not have any origin ability talent, when his physical fitness was coupled with his fighting techniques, nobody could compete with him! After all these years, he had earned the title of Dao Ba (Scar from a knife wound).

The boy in front of him naturally had powerful capabilities. His origin ability must be pretty strong too.

But close combat, who could compete with him?

“Die!”

“Hong!”

A punch was directed down with full force on the opponent’s body. Dao Ba did not have the chance to feel proud before he felt that something was not right. When he had a closer look, his face suddenly changed.

He could only register now that his incomparable iron fist had been easily caught by this opponent with their bare hands. Moreover, they did so while looking at him casually. “Your strength....is only so?”

Su Hao laughed out loud, “I’m so disappointed!”

“Hong!”

Su Hao’s right leg gave a heavy kick. Dao Ba subconsciously tried to resist. However, as both legs clashed, he instantly flew out and landed on the ground, rolling a few times before he stopped.

“You....you....”

Dao Ba looked at Su Hao in disbelief, “Such strength....how could you be?!”

Su Hao smiled indifferently, “My physical fitness is 350 points. Are you satisfied with it then?”

Dao Ba was covered in cold sweat. 350 points!

What kind of heaven defying score is this?!

He had been in this field for so long and only managed to obtain an intermediate body strengthening drug. After that, he used it while he was in perfect condition and with it he managed to rush all the way to 260 points. A full difference of 90 points, that really made his fighting spirit disappeared altogether.

Am I going to die like this?

Absolutely no!

Dao Ba made a decision in his heart. His face showed a determined look.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0161 Another encounter with Piao Ling
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0161 Another encounter with Piao Ling

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

There was no hope of escaping.

However, did physical fitness equate to power?

Or did power equate to fighting technique? But being a strong esper, I have mastered beginner military fighting technique! Pure physical strength only makes someone reckless.

As the thoughts reached here, Dao Ba’s eyes tightened in anger. He charged forward while ignoring his body’s injured state.

Beginner military fighting technique!

Bang!

Bang!

Dao Ba instantly executed this fighting technique.

Su Hao smiled wryly, beginner military fighting technique? He was too familiar with it

“Boom!”

Likewise, Su Hao rushed forward and he executed the same basic military fighting technique.

Although it was the same fighting technique, the difference between the two was their physical fitness. Dao Ba was forced back by Su Hao in a blink of an eye. Dao Ba had yet to receive three blows and yet, he was already beaten until he was almost vomiting blood. More horrifyingly, due to the existence of fighting essence, Su Hao’s combat was unusually flowing smoothly. From the beginning until the end, he easily and severely beaten Dao Ba.

In fact, until the very last moment, a frightening amount of origin ability energy exploded from his fist.

“Fighting point, burst!”

“Boom!”

Dao Ba was launched backwards, as this time Su Hao didn’t show any mercy. This was the explosion of a powerful physical fitness coupled with fighting points.

One punch!

Half of Dao Ba’s body was instantly crippled. As he crumbled on the ground, his body was covered with blood and he couldn’t get up for a long time.

“Fighting essence...”

Dao Ba bitterly said. Beginner military fighting technique coupled with fighting essence, the opponent’s fighting techniques had a total of 350 points after being all added up, making it almost perfect.

What was there a way to resist anymore?

Is he really a student?

Wasn’t origin ability talent the main course of students, up until specialization? Only then would they speed up the learning of physical fitness and fighting techniques.

What exactly happened to this student in front of him?

Dao Bao immediately felt as if his world was turned upside down.

Su Hao calmly looked at him, and asked him in a low voice: “Still the same question, can you tell me, why did you attack me?”

Dao Ba smiled bitterly.

Just a mere split second, his mind thought quickly.

Although he was still young, he already had such a powerful ability. Fighting technique and physical fitness, the time wasted to spend on training was several times more than origin ability talent. Does that mean that the opponent used all his time to train his physical fitness and fighting technique?

How old is he?

It could mean that the opponent was an innocent boy!

Those who madly trained were normally people who stayed indoors. Although they possessed powerful abilities, they wouldn’t understand society’s deceit and human relations. In other words, they were naive!

It was worth noting that Dao Ba was very clever.

As a hunter who was in this field for many years, he would not miss any opportunities. Every target would be easily caught. As he thought of this, he looked at Su Hao’s frighteningly young face, Dao Ba felt that he could fool him for a bit. As such, his lips hesitated for a moment, before softly speaking,

“What was it again. Actually, the assignment that I accepted was clearing out any berserk beasts. Therefore I have wiped out all targets appearing on my aiming lens. As you know, on the sniper rifle I can only see a little and not clearly see the target... Ah, it hurts...”

As he finished speaking, Su Hao violently stepped on him. Su Hao then gave Dao Ba a slight smile, saying, “Really? Sigh, can you tell me, how good was the task you accepted? Why did you hide?”

Su Hao used a regretful tone as he spoke. After Dao Ba heard that, he took a deep cold breath!

He finally understood!

This boy was definitely a ruthless person!

If he wouldn’t speak, the opponent would first cripple him. After that, he would use this method of interrogation. If Dao Ba let the opponent become unhappy, he was afraid that he really couldn’t escape death this time.

“You, you speak, if there are any questions I will definitely answer.”

As Dao Ba thought of this, he respectfully spoke. He has completely ignored the pain in his body! With technology being so advanced, any injury can still be healed. But if he was to be killed by the enemy, everything would be completely gone.

“Very well.”

Su Hao nodded in satisfaction, “Then tell me, what assignment did you accept?”

Dao Ba took the initiative to open his virtual screen and let Su Hao have a look.

——————————————

“Object to search: The missing century old wine ”

Task rating: Two stars

Task Requirement: None

Task Receiver: None

Description: I am a villager from Fengshan Village of Jianghe City. When the origin ability era arrived, everyone panicked and fled, leaving many houses unkept. At the underground cellar back of my old house, stored a sealed bottle of century-old wine.

Task Reward: Grandmaster Pianist Feng Yongzhi’s guidance and tutelage for 3-days.

Task Publisher: Feng Yongzhi

——————————————

“Surprisingly this is the reward!!”

Su Hao was surprised. No wonder the school released 1000 task points for this!

Master Feng’s personal tutelage for 3 days!

He was a legend in this generation, the piano genius, teaching you hand to hand for 3 days. If a person who has music foundation learnt from him, it would surely be much easier! If an intermediate pianist whose learning was stuck at the bottleneck would learn from this master, he most probably would be able to break through and reach the levels of an advanced pianist!

This would be such an honourable occasion.

No wonder this person would crazily accept this task. Even if he couldn’t use the reward, if he completed the task and sold it to someone who needed it, it would be a lucrative profit, even up to at least tens of millions! For those rich kids who needed to learn piano, this would be a priceless treasure!

Personal tutelage for 3 days...

Su Hao contemplated for a moment, why was Master Feng connected to this task?

What is the connection between Master Feng and Feng Shan Village?

Su Hao knew that he had found out something. As Master Feng recently returned to Jianghe City, the task was released. Plus, the reward was related to Master Feng. Therefore, it was no question that this bottle of wine was something that Master Feng needed. But why would Master Feng recklessly and desperately need this bottle of wine?

Based on Su Hao’s analysis from what he knew about Master Feng, this person would normally have a gentle and elegant demeanour. In order for him to recklessly do such an act would certainly be related to his wife!

As Su Hao connected the dots further, Master Feng’s wife was from Jianghe City.

The answer to this matter was almost deduced.

Master Feng’s wife, who was a villager from Fengshan Village, Jianghe City. When Master Feng returned to the city, this time, he somehow found out about the existence of this wine.

The information from the summary of the task didn’t seem to be false, as Master Feng at least wouldn’t commit such an act.

Then... maybe, this was how it was originally written?

Who wrote this?!

The family of Master Feng’s wife!

And it could be said, through his wife’s family, Master Feng found out about the existence of the old wine. Therefore he would expend his efforts to preserve the old wine.

In just a moment, Su Hao had completely and clearly analyzed the whole situation.

This was his own analysis and it was one of the countless possibilities. However, this was the only one with the highest possibility!

“Very good.”

Su Hao sneered, he originally wanted to ask some more questions.However, it was unexpected that by connecting the information from the two tasks, he would completely understand the whole situation. If that was the case, it was about time to end this.

Thinking of this, Su Hao looked at Dao Ba with a murderous glare.

Dao Ba was shocked, he was familiar with those eyes. Su Hao wanted to kill! As he thought of this, he panicked a little. After being in this field for many years, how could he end like this, being killed so easily?

No!

Impossible!

“You... you cannot kill me!” It was as if Dao Ba screamed.

“Oh?”

Su Hao looked at him coldly, “Give me a reason!”

“I...”

Dao Ba gritted his teeth and said viciously: “I am an assassin from Piao Ling Organization! If you kill me, the organization will not let you go. You have at least heard of Piao Ling Organization right?”

Shua!

The colour on Su Hao’s face turned as his pupils shrunk. An assassin from Piao Ling Organization?!

He was too familiar with this name!

“Bang!”

As he viciously stepped on Dao Ba’s chest, Su Hao coldly said: “Give me proof that you are an assassin Piao Ling Organization!”

“I have proof! I have proof!”

It was as if Dao Ba had a glimmer of hope, he raised the communication device that was in his hands, and quickly entered his private information. A strange website loaded and was shared for Su Hao to see everything clearly.

That actually was the website of Piao Ling Organization!

Within it, all sorts of information could be seen, all the assassination orders, everything was clearly displayed there. The domain name was not wrong, which meant, this person was really an assassin from Piao Ling Organization?

How could this be possible?!

When this matter was already clear in his mind, a twist appeared again! With the revelation of the identity as an assassin of Piao Ling Organization, the whole scenario was suddenly confusing again.

Could it be that someone came to kill him yet again?

Su Hao became confused.

What actually is happening here?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0162 New ability
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0162 - New ability

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

What is actually happening?

Looking at the man’s proof of identity, Su Hao’s mind was working like electricity, rapidly working through the analytical processes.

Assassinate him?

No, absolutely not!

Only a few people knew he was here. Did Sun Yaotian tell Sun family about the incident and then they began to make a move? No, it was impossible! With Sun Batian’s identity, he could have easily learned that the man supporting behind him was Zhang Zhongtian. Then, he absolutely wouldn’t make a move. Based on his understanding of Sun Batian, this person...prioritized the interests of his family over everything!

He absolutely wouldn’t take such a risk to make a move on Su Hao. Plus, Su Hao’s real identity was flawlessly covered up. There was simply no way anyone could notice he was that white killer!

Then...apart from that?

Su Hao couldn’t recall offending other people. Even if there was some random person eyeing him, the probability was definitely below 1 percent.

In other word, there could only be one possibility.

Coincidence!

This Dao Ba was here not to assassinate him, but to complete the task. Killing him was just his method to complete the task but...since when did the Piao Ling Organization begin to accept such tasks, too?

Thinking of this, Su Hao coldly asked, “An assassin from the Piao Ling Organization would accept such a task?”

“No, it’s not like that!” Dao Ba bitterly smiled, “This, this is my last task. To be frank, I’m just an outermost follower of Piao Ling Organization who just passed the assessment and became their assassin! This was because my strength was perfect for assassination! As long as I successfully completed a task, I would then be a qualified assassin!

“However, these last few days, the tasks released by Piao Ling Organization were too difficult to complete. I still haven’t found a suitable one. As for those lower rank tasks, they had all been snatched away. Plus, I’m a bit tight on money, so I tried this task.”

Sure enough, it was just a coincidence!

Su Hao’s mind moved. His speculation had been confirmed.

The whole truth was finally revealed!

If so, then how was he going to deal with this man in front of him?

Kill him?

Looking at the respectful expression coming from Dao Ba’s face, Su Hao sneered in his heart. The cover up was too perfect that it seemed fake!

“Chi!” Su Hao sneered, “You think I will believe you? Take off your communication device. I can’t see clearly. You have nothing to be afraid of me looking at it right?”

“Yes, I will take it off now,” Dao Ba said while feeling nervous. Looking down, he hid the killing intent within his eyes. So many years, he had never seen anyone daring to treat him like this. If he managed to get out of this pinch alive...

“Kacha!”

The communication device was taken off. The information it was projecting instantly disappeared.

This was a protective measure to protect an individual’s privacy. When the communication device was taken off from their wrist, it would automatically go into DNA private mode which others couldn’t open.

Noticing Su Hao’s expression didn’t turn any better, Dao Ba quickly entered the password and fingerprint verification before selecting public mode and passed it to Su Hao.

Su Hao then had a look at the virtual screen, casually saying, “Seems that you’re really a killer from Piao Ling Organization...”

“Yes, I am for sure!” Dao Ba excitedly continued, “If you kill me, the organization will definitely bring you trouble. This won’t be convenient for you. Why not become friends. In the future, I could help you complete any task you request for free.”

“Heh, not needed,” Su Hao coldly laughed and forcefully stepped on him.

Kacha!

Dao Ba’s eyes opened wide as he looked at Su Hao in disbelief. Somehow, he couldn’t believe that just like that, Su Hao actually killed him!

Su Hao sneered without a word.

Such a person, he was too clear about them!

The judgement before this was still in effect. If such person was to escape, it would only bring him endless trouble. Even if Su Hao himself couldn’t be killed, he was still afraid of his family members’ safety. Since Su Hao was hostile to him, naturally he won’t be allowed to leave here with his life intact!

“Finally it ended,” Su Hao said in a flat tone and sneered as he looked at the communication device in his hand.

Everything he did until now, wasn’t it all just to obtain the communication device in his hand right now?

Since DNA private mode had been confirmed, public mode had been selected, Su Hao maintained the device in such state. Whenever he needed to have a look at it, he would then open it.

His aim was actually simple. With the information of Piao Ling Organization’s tasks in his hand, in future when there was someone who wanted to kill him, he could discover it!

If the task to assassinate him was discovered early, at least he would be alerted!

Cleaning up the scene for a bit, at this moment, Su Hao still didn’t realized that this analysis type origin ability talent did not only upgrade his strength. Under his nonstop growth, every little detail was able to be captured easily, which then turned into detailed analysis and deduction.

His thinking ability and mental calculation speed also increased rapidly!

This ability was not clearly reflected during experiments. However, based on how Su Hao did things, it continued to show its edge again and again!

Not only that, countless amounts of information which he had learned in the past, and which he had stored unconsciously deep within his memory was now able to recalled.

The advantage of being a bookworm began to show as it developed together with his analyzing ability.

Su Hao was improving rapidly!

In today’s encounter with Dao Ba, not only did he obtain access to Piao Ling Organization’s information, his understanding on his model analysis had also reached a new high. Although the score in his college entrance examination was his main focus, while in a situation of life or death, such danger had unknowingly deepened his understanding of potential applications for his model analysis.

New ability - prediction modeling.

Prediction was just a name Su Hao came out with. As of now, the so-called prediction didn’t have the ability to predict the future, or a deductive function. The role of this prediction model was just to determine the route an opponent’s attack which couldn’t be seen with the naked eye.

This application was perfectly displayed when confronting Dao Ba.

The distance between them was huge. He was totally clueless of Dao Ba’s exact location. However, with prediction modeling, he could made a conclusion from the trajectory of the bullet to determine the final location of the bullet. After all, after the bullet left the rifle, its route had already been fixed! As for unknown attacks, they couldn’t be predicted.

But, what if it was ineffective from the front? What about behind, then?

Su Hao carefully thought about it and made a surprising discovery. This usage of prediction modeling was actually very diverse and powerful!

If he was in the middle of battle, when he activated prediction modeling, it was as if there was an additional eye behind his back, which then allowed him to easily judge any movement from behind! During battle, it was definitely an advantage!

For example, if somebody sneak attacked him from behind.

Su Hao’s mind moved and instantly established prediction modeling surrounding him. Within a radius of 3 meters, all scenes were shown in his mind as a 3D model. Almost at the same time, the whole space seemed to be frozen, which allowed him to easily judge who the person behind him was!

What was the attack?

How strong was the attack?

Then, he could then plan the most effective dodge and counterattack.

Although currently this ability seemed to be weak, what about in the future?

When he could use model analysis as much as he liked, would this ability be weak then? When he could create a model every 0.1 second, would this ability still be weak? When he could instantly establish a model 24 times in a second, would it still weak?

Absolutely not!

To be able to do 24 times in a second, it was equivalent to screenshotting 3D models, which when all the screenshots combined together, a complete video would be formed!

Because even in a film, the number of frames per second was also at 24 frames!

If one day he could really establish 24 times per second, it would then be like a virtual reality in general where the scenes surrounding him would be perfectly shown in his mind.

“Heh!” Su Hao shook his head and got rid of this thought.

He had lots of ideas, but the reality was different. His current origin ability was still weak. With just a few centimeters long little water pipe and trying to fill the vast ocean?

This was nonsense!

Su Hao took a set of brand new camouflage clothes from Dao Ba’s backpack and changed into them. After all, he was nearly naked right now with his current clothes.

Indeed worthy of being a veteran in this field, he knew well to prepare extra clothes with his rich experience. Unlike Su Hao, only when his clothes were in a sorry state did he think about them. As for why Dao Ba only prepared new clothes instead of used clothes, Su Hao didn’t have to think much about it. What else would he do, since Dao Ba was a man without a wife!

After changing into the camouflage clothes, Su Hao looked like a new person, full of spirit.

Any other useful items he also took.

After cleaning things up, Su Hao grabbed that FK-111 sniper rifle, and happily fiddled with it for a bit. Through the aiming lens, he then studied the surrounding area.

Unexpectedly, a red figure appeared in the aiming lens!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0163 An unbelievable shot
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0163 An unbelievable shot

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Nora.

“Someone is there?”

Su Hao was surprised.

Dao Ba had already cleaned up the area within the radius of a couple of miles. Whenever a warm-blooded animal appeared, it represented the arrival of a new lifeform. If it was not a berserk beast, then it should be a human.

And impressively, the shadow that appeared before his eyes was a human!

Su Hao had read about the fk7-111 sniper rifle many times through books and manuals. However, when he saw an actual fk7-111 this time, he had an itch to have a look at it. Never would he have expected to spot someone in the process.

“Interesting, is this another person who is doing the same task?”

Su Hao’s lips raised into a smile as he used the aiming lens to scout his surroundings. Within a radius of a couple of miles, the aiming lens detected only this particular person.

As Su Hao laid on the ground with the sniper rifle, he observed that person’s every move with the lens.

“Sou!”

Su Hao saw the human shadow make a sudden rush, sprinting from bush to bush, before it eventually hid carefully. There were no movements for some time before the shadow began to slowly but surely move forward.

Su Hao sweated as he saw the whole activity, wasn’t this guy being too cautious?

However, these steps were sufficient for Su Hao to make some analysis.

Unorthodox method!

By observing the opponent’s movements, this person was clearly not a student from the natural selection class. Instead, he was a properly qualified hunter. The aiming lens spotted a red shadow but could not provide a clear look of that person’s face.

Shua!

Shua!

With another two steps, the opponent quickly hid behind a huge rock. His movements displayed an extraordinary level of experience. Even if Su Hao shot using his sniper rifle right now, there was no guarantee that he would be able to hurt his opponent.

Even if the bullet could pierce through the rock, how much force would still remain?

The opponent was clearly unaware of Su Hao’s presence. However, with such experienced movements and luring, even if Su Hao was to shoot now, that person would definitely dodge his shot immediately.

Su Hao sighed. “This person is truly a proper hunter. Nobody in the natural selection class could easily match him, at least in term of battle awareness.”

Definitely, without a doubt.

If a natural selection class student was released in this forest and had to face this hunter in a one on one battle, the student would eventually die nine times out of ten! So what if you are strong in origin ability?! Without many years of field experience and battle awareness, these type of battles will only end up in gruesome deaths.

But for Su Hao, it was obvious that he was an exception.

Model analysis made him lose quite an amount of attack power. However, that very same ability gave him something important in return. At least, to a certain extent, he had obtained a perspective equivalent to that of a god! It was as if he was in heaven, overlooking everything and well versed of the situation within a few miles radius.

Along with his rich knowledge, this ability would bring him to victory in this battle of life and death!

In fact, the tasks released by the school each time was in such situation too. Only by having more experiences would students have such qualities to survive!

“Brother, I’m sorry.”

Through the aiming lens, Su Hao locked onto the shadow that was moving alertly and then suddenly aimed the sniper crosshair at him. “For this task, I must complete it! If I don’t use this advantage that was created by Dao Ba, it would be such a waste!”

“Peng!”

Su Hao shot.

This was the era of origin ability!

One success required many sacrifices!

Su Hao had always tried to keep himself in good faith, maintaining that innocence of his. However, facing people who had plans to obstruct him, Su Hao would not hesitate to remove them!

A powerful force came from the sniper rifle, which then caused his ears to buzz.

Fortunately, as Su Hao’s current physical fitness was 350 points, he was able to withstand the recoil force of the fk7-111. However, the bullet preparation for the fk7-111 still required 5 seconds of time.

Su Hao did not mind, as he coldly stared at the shadow through the sniper lens. Just a moment ago he was a prey and now he was reborn into a hunter.

Instantly he became the grim reaper, holding the life of another within his palm.

Within the forest.

A middle-aged man who wore camouflage clothes began to carefully move forward. He had a small head and he had a crafty looking face. His pair of small eyes were looking around the surroundings constantly.

This person was exactly like his name.

He was called Lao Shu (rat). People commonly refer to him as Brother Shu because he had an incredible ability to sense danger. However, even if he had a strong ability to sense danger, his heart was filled with worry as he was about to arrive Fengshan Village.

He really did not want to accept this task because it was reported that Dao Ba accepted this same one. Who was this Dao Ba? Brother Shu was too familiar with him!

The circle of hunters within Jianghe City was neither big nor small.

Dao Ba’s name and reputation were very famous!

Although Dao Ba’s origin ability was not high, he was a very frightening character. It was said that he came from a mercenary background. Although he did not receive origin ability talent, he surprised many people by completing many unimaginable tasks through his own abilities and experience with weapons. According to the Origin Ability Firm, Dao Ba’s assignment success rate was 80%.

80% was a frightening statistic!

However, some people would question the other 20%. He still had a 20% failure rate, why was his success rate still considered high then? If you thought that way, then you are wrong. 20% failure rate was a very common occurrence because there were many unexpected situations. For example, an employer released a task for bodyguards, and that task was accepted. But before the person was sent to do the job, the employer died...

Or in another situation where an assignment of killing a berserk beast was accepted, but before they reached the destination, the berserk beast was killed by others. Or it could be that the berserk beast was killed by another, more powerful berserk beast.

Another example, the employer was willing to pay compensation and wanted to cancel the task.

Due to these series of unexpected incidents, a common hunter’s success rate would only be around 50%. 60% would be considered very high, 70% would be considered as a master. As for 80%... men could only dream to reach such a statistic.

Some people even gave this label to Dao Ba once. Anyone below 20 points of origin ability would not able to withstand Dao Ba’s sniping!

Although it might be exaggerated but it was precisely because of this fact that people were aware of Dao Ba’s powerful abilities.

Additionally, this was the description of the old Dao Ba. According to the rumours, it was stated that Dao Ba spent his life’s savings to purchase a new weapon in order to join a mysterious organization. He sold his original, custom-made sniper rifle and his accumulated savings to purchase that mysterious weapon.

What exactly was this weapon that nearly caused Dao Ba to be bankrupt?

Brother Shu bitterly smiled. “If it was not because I owe that person a debt, only a crazy people would accept this ridiculous task! “

As Brother Shu carefully made a few steps forward, he felt a little numb on his scalp. From the moment he entered the forest, he vaguely felt as if something was locked onto him. Although this feeling was absurd, after all these years, he had never made a mistake about it.

It was due to these absurd thoughts, that he was saved a countless number of times from danger.

As he connected the information he had, he knew who was locking on him—Dao Ba!

As he thought about this, Brother Shu’s body was drenched in sweat. This Dao Ba really came!

What should I do?

Brother Rat smiled bitterly, the next step was filled with danger.

Every step he made was filled with caution.

“Damn it! I will take the risk!” Brother Shu gritted his teeth. “Relying on my powerful sense towards danger, I will definitely know when Dao Ba would attack! As long as I complete this task, my debt would be cleared. After this, Brother Shu would be completely free!”

“Hong!”

Brother Rat’s figure dashed forward with an explosive force and he began to surge towards the Fengshan Village.

However, as he made two steps, a powerful killing intent trapped him. Cold sweat immediately covered Brother Shu’s whole body. His senses were not wrong, there was really someone whose eyes were locked on him!

The opponent attacked!

Dao Ba shot!

Brother Shu’s eyelids jumped. He felt that the sense of danger begin to grow stronger and stronger. He then immediately dodged to his right. Whenever Dao Ba attacks, one blow would be an instant kill, with no mercy. In addition to the enormous force that came from the mysterious weapon, he would take any defensive measures necessary so that he would not regret it later!

“Dodge!”

Brother Shu made a vertical leap and leaped as far as two meters away!

Through his pre danger senses, he was able to dodge early. In normal circumstances, it would not be possible for sniper rifles to hit him but...

“Sou!”

A powerful sound was emitted. As Brother Shu was dodging, his body felt a shock. A bullet pierced through his calves. Searing pain immediately surged through.

“Ah-”

Brother Shu rolled on the floor. His face was pale as large beads of sweat rolled down his face. Quickly, he took a bottle of drug and applied pressure on the pain. Such action gave him a lot of relief.

“How... how is this possible?”

Brother Shu displayed a face of disbelief. “Pre....prediction? Sniper rifles also can make such predictions? Taking into consideration the wind direction, temperature, obstacles, such factors make it very difficult and yet prediction is still possible?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0164 Yet another missed shot
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0164 Yet another missed shot

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

Prediction?

Can sniper rifles predict?

Lao Shu felt that his view on this world had been brought upside down.

“Peng!”

The late gunshot only came at this moment.

This clearly showed that the distance between him and opponent was pretty far apart! In such a long distance yet the opponent was able to predict? Exactly how powerful was this opponent of his?

In the whole Jianghe City, the only one who is able to achieve such feat was without a doubt, only Dao Ba alone!

Lao Shu tried to recall it and soon he remembered.

To be able to achieve such feat, besides personal incredibly rich experiences, an aid from origin ability was necessary! The perfect combination of a sniper rifle and origin ability, could it be the new weapon of Dao Ba? However, what is this new weapon which has such terrifying ability? Even the latest fk7-111 didn’t have such a capability.

Being unknown was what terrifying the most!

In the end, what had Dao Ba mastered?

Lao Shu was somehow horrified.

At this moment, far away from here, Su Hao looked at the sniper rifle in his hand with shock before moved his sight to his own hand. He then sighed helplessly.

“F*ck, I actually shot inaccurately!”

Shot inaccurately...

Inaccurately...

If Lao Shu was to hear this, he might have died from anger!

Anyway, Su Hao felt helpless.

Reality and theory would always have some differences.

Fk7-111, although it had a strong recoil force, facing Su Hao’s strong physical fitness which is as stable as Mountain Tai, he basically remained unmoved after shooting. Thus, after aiming, Su Hao didn’t hesitate to fire! In theory, this shot of his would eventually hit the heart.

However, the reality was different.

The wind speed, the temperature of the air, the trees in the path, humidity and all sort of blocking factors, Su Hao never considered them. If he was to use model analysis to aid, Su Hao was very confident that with his computing ability and the accurate aim of the fk7-111, he would be able to achieve perfect shot! However, this was a warm-up, a training ground for him to make a perfect shot.

No matter how good he is today, he was still a novice. Because of this, it led to a two meters deviation. It was just that something strange happened. Without knowing why his shot was inaccurate yet that figure jumped to the bullet line.

And then... it was such a coincident that he jumped exactly two meters away.

Did the opponent felt it?

Or not?

Su Hao shook his head. Well, he would try for another attempt and then his question would be answered. Thinking of this, once again he laid down on the ground and then aimed at that red figure.

“Terrain modeling!”

“Wind speed...”

“Air humidity...”

“Calibrating...”

Su Hao was calm in every action. As his eyes showed coldness, he gently pulled the trigger.

“Peng!”

The strong force once again burst out from fk7-111 and rushed to a distance away.

Somewhere far away.

Lao Shu had just escaped from the thrilling moment. The injury on his thighs had also been suppressed.

However, at this time, he felt something strange.

Because, based on how Dao Ba took his action, he would definitely die! However, he was extremely lucky that he managed to survive somehow this time. Why didn’t Dao Ba kill him?

Lau Shu had some doubt.

Any detail noticed might turn a fight around. This key detail, Lao Shu definitely won’t let it go. This might be a message from Dao Ba.

Or perhaps... Dao Ba actually wanted to hit his heart but due to his dodge and the prediction had some difference, it then hit his thighs?

If this was the case, this could only mean that Dao Ba’s mastery of his new weapon wasn’t that great.

However...from chest to thigh, the deviation seemed to not be far. Plus, with his terrifying prediction, Dao Ba’s standard once again improved.

“Hong!”

As Lao Shu was thinking, he felt goosebump all over his body. Yet another sense of danger began to envelop him.

“Damn, it is coming again!”

Lao Shu quickly stood up and wanted to dodge. However, that injury on his legs made his movement a bit inconvenient. Not even having time to move as he wanted to, he heard the sound of bullet passing.

“Sou!”

A strong piercing sound could be heard as the bullet blasted through a large tree two meters away.

Without leaving any trace, a little hole formed on the tree as the bullet left. Lao Shu’s soul came back to his body. Looking at the bullet hole in the tree two meters away, he instantly understood.

Dao Ba was someone who could predict his movement yet why this time, his shot missed? As for Dao Ba’s shooting level, they understood well of what he was capable of.

Then, there could only be one possibility.

That was Dao Ba was giving him a warning.

There were many people who accepted this task. If he shot each and every one of them, then many people would have fall victims.

And Dao Ba used such method to warn him that this task belonged to Dao Ba! At the same time, it was also a way to inform others to leave as far as they can or else, he would get rid of them next time!

Lao Shu himself was also the backbone for hunters in Jianghe City.

He could judge in the hunter circle of Jianghe City, the number of people who could escape from Dao Ba’s attacks could be counted on a single hand!

“Retreat!”

Thinking of this, Lao Shu quickly made a decision.

Dragging his limping legs, he quickly left. He wanted to tell those who were attempting the task that if there is no strength to back them up, it is better to give up. Although the task itself is a competition which you’re willing to bet your life for it, if the worst case was to happen, it would be a big blow to the hunter circle of Jianghe City.

Very soon, Lao Shu disappeared into the forest.

Thousands of miles away, Su Hao helplessly looked at the sniper rifle in his hand and couldn’t help himself to say this sentence.

“Damn, yet another missed shot!”

Helplessly shook his head, Su Hao used his aiming lens and scouted the situation surrounding him. Nothing could be found. Every single mouse had fled out of his range.

“Kacha!”

“Kacha!”

Su Hao then disassembled the sniper rifle into three sections. The rifle itself is an assembly type and didn’t need any experience to assemble. Soon, once the disassembling was completed, he then put them all into his backpack.

“Huh... nobody is here. Fengshan Village should be in front.”

Su Hao took a deep breath and headed directly to Fengshan Village.

After passing through countless of bushes and tall trees, ten miles away, a village quietly stood there at the outermost part of the previous Jianghe City.

Fengshan Village!

Su Hao didn’t come out from the forest. The information had stated that Fengshan Village had been occupied by berserk beasts. When all villagers fled here a few decades ago, this had since become the beasts’ nest.

To rush in without any plan was just a dead end.

“Fengshan Village...”

Su Hao pondered for a moment. Trying to retrieve some information from the Internet was a fruitless attempt.

Fengshan Village covered an area of 200,000 square meters. It was pretty small and was just one of the villages located at the edge of Jianghe City. Coupled with the remote terrain, usually, not many people would be here. After the arrival of origin ability era, it was even more of a reason that this place had no man living.

Here, at least more than ten years nobody had taken a step in.

“Kacha!”

“Kacha!”

Su Hao quickly assembled the sniper rifle and then aimed it at Fengshan Village. Looking through the aiming lens, it was totally empty.

“No berserk beast?”

Su Hao’s eyebrows wrinkled slightly. With the aiming lens, as long as there is any figure moving within 5000 meters in range, he could absolutely detect it as long as it carried heat.

Snake?

Impossible.

Although snake is cold-blooded, still its body had its own temperature. It was absolutely impossible to escape from being detected via this aiming lens.

Keeping this rifle back, Su Hao then had a look at this quiet village.

Quiet.

It was too quiet.

The whole village was in ruins but the atmosphere here was quiet.

It was as if at this moment, Fengshan Village had undergone hibernation mode. Looking from far, nothing could be seen, not even a single berserk beast.

What surprised Su Hao the most was after all these years, Fengshan Village actually had several houses which were preserved. If not for the existence of these houses, perhaps this land would just be a flat ruin.

“There are still some houses which didn’t collapse.”

Su Hao pondered, “Are there... really no berserk beast here?”

Based on logic, the houses in this little village won’t be that strong. In other words, those houses which were still intact could only mean one thing, no berserk beast went to destroy them. The whole village was in total quiet, probably indicating that no berserk beast was present here. At this time, finding the cellar was the correct move.

Just in case, to ensure his deduction was right, Su Hao casually looked at the village from a long distance.

“Model analysis, start!”

Life detection!

Shua!

Light flashing within Su Hao’s eyes. The energy within his body instantly spread to the surrounding, covering the whole village.

“Hong!”

Life detection was completed. A beautiful model of the village was established within Su Hao’s mind. This scene, Su Hao was very familiar with it!

“Sii..”

The moment he saw it, he sucked a mouthful of cold air.

Blank spot.

A lot of blank spots.

Countless blank spots.

In other words, this village had countless of berserk beasts hidden!

Within this seemingly peaceful village, how many hidden terrifying berserk beasts are there! Su Hao suddenly felt cold sweat on his back. If he was to just rush in like a retard just now, most probably he would be eaten into nothingness.

“What kind of berserk beast is this? Even no heat is released?”

Su Hao’s heart went tight.

Enter and have a look?

No!

Without knowing what kind of berserk beasts were they, facing unknown force, if he was to act without a proper plan, he would end up dying miserably.

“It is not necessary for me to clash with the berserk beasts. Let me have a look which spot is the exact one for the task.”

Thinking of this, Su Hao then carefully looked at the village.

The forest had higher elevation, putting Su Hao in a spot that could easily see the whole picture of Fengshan Village. Besides those several intact houses, everything else was just ruins. Forget about the cellar, even the so-called house described in the task could not be seen.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0165 Underground ice ape
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0165 Underground ice ape

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Nora.

“Ca!”

Su Hao broke a sweat. Did this mean he had to go to every ruins to search after killing every single berserk beast?

“Why not give terrain modeling a try then.”

Su Hao muttered silently to himself. Finally, at this moment, terrain modeling had its purpose.

However, if he were to use terrain modeling, his current state would not be able to cover the entire village, which was 200,000 square meters.

Life detection covered a larger scope than terrain modeling. The only advantage it had was the shorter time!

While terrain modeling was continuous by nature, life detection was instantaneous by nature.

The longer the duration the model was maintained, the more origin ability energy it consumed. However, for terrain modeling, it was a mini version of the overall model which would continuously consume energy for several seconds. However, as for life detection, it was able to establish a model within 0.1 seconds and instantly dissipate. As long as the opponent’s position was determined, then it had already served its purpose.

To use a common method to describe this, terrain modeling was like a video recording, while life detection was akin to photo capturing. The energy consumed was naturally different respectively.

In theory, as long as the duration was reduced, within that reduction, the scope that Su Hao would be able to detect would be larger!

For example, from 1 second, if it were to be reduced to 0.1 second, the effectiveness of Su Hao’s origin ability talent would increase multiple times. If from 0.1 seconds it was reduced to 0.01 second, or even lower, the effectiveness of his origin ability talent would be increased even further. It could potentially cover the whole globe!

Of course, this was purely theoretical.

In reality, 0.1 seconds was the shortest time period that Su Hao could handle. If the duration was reduced to below 0.1 seconds, the effectiveness of modeling would be equivalent to none. Based on his current capability, he was not able to see anything with lower than 0.1 seconds and he would not be able to capture the detail. Only when he reached the standard required would Su Hao be able to see everything within 0.1 seconds and remember them.

“200,000 square meters... with my current origin ability energy, it should be enough to maintain for 1 second!”

Su Hao’s eyes flashed.

Model analysis, start!

Terrain modeling!

Shua!

Countless energy became excited as the whole scenery changed. Within Su Hao’s mind, the model of a village appeared. From top to bottom, the model included the foundation of every house.

“Hong!”

1 second had passed. The model instantly collapsed. 90% of Su Hao’s origin ability energy was consumed, it was close to being drained off totally.

Cellar!

At that moment, he saw four cellars! Beneath the village, there were four cellars. However, before he was able to specifically identify which cellar had wine, the model village disintegrated.

“1 second was still not enough.”

Su Hao smiled bitterly. In the past, couldn’t terrain modeling last for 3 seconds? To visualize every object in the terrain and remembered them completely, at least 3 seconds were required!

But this time, it only lasted for 1 second and he could only see an overview.

“At least four places are locked on.”

Su Hao sat cross-legged in the forest. After that, he took out and drank a few bottles of recovery drug and the origin ability energy within his body began to recover.

After an hour, Su Hao used terrain modeling once again. However, it lasted 1 second only again. He quickly checked on one of the four cellars.

And beneath that cellar, laid hidden the so-called century old wine.

“It’s the leftmost cellar... “ Su Hao had a look at the village map. “Comparing it with the map... it’s rough position, should be... here!”

Su Hao said as he looked at an intact house at the central.

Was that cellar beneath this perfectly intact building?

This isn’t right!

Su Hao’s head went numb for a while. Cellar... the task clearly said the cellar was beneath the backyard but this time... a perfectly intact house was above it.

In other words... this meant that the house was constructed later!

“Damn it!”

Su Hao’s eyelids shrunk. “Has anyone come here before?”

The thought that the building was constructed later was not quite right, as this was the berserk beast’s nest! Certain places in the Fengshan Village were constructed right after it was destroyed by the berserk beasts, this included the central and a few other places. No, not right! It should be that these few houses which remained in the village were rebuilt later!

For such a remote village...

The alertness of Su Hao’s mind had reached its maximum limit.

This peaceful yet terrifying village in front of him. It was as if, at any moment it would transform into a terrifying berserk beast, that would then open its gigantic mouth as it waited for people to enter it and be swallowed a whole.

“Retreat?”

Su Hao’s lips were dry. His eyes revealed a slight hesitation.

However, he gradually regained his calm soon.

Cannot retreat!

After working hard for two days to reach this point, he had not seen anything yet he scared himself into retreating?

Darn it!

Wasn’t it just a few berserk beasts?

Su Hao face was filled with murderous intent. He must destroy every obstacle right in front of him!

“Little brat, stop cultivating. Help me pay attention for a bit.” Su Hao paused for a moment and requested aid from the blue dream butterfly.

“Alright!”

The gentle voice of the blue dream butterfly rang in his mind.

Su Hao stared at the faraway village. With a dignified face, he walked towards it.

He did not move recklessly. In fact, he had intentionally chosen a spot. According to the model, there was a blank spot here. At least, he should be able to see what these berserk beasts were!

“Kacha!”

Su Hao’s foot violently stomped on the ground. Instantly, a minor tremble spread to the surface of the ground.

Tremble~

“It appeared!?

Su Hao’s body retreated a couple of meters.

“Roar-”

A shadow suddenly exploded from the ground. The ground surrounding it instantly collapsed. As the hole exploded out, that shadow viciously charged towards Su Hao.

“Human?”

Su Hao did not have time to look in detail. In such a crucial moment, his body quickly took a right turn. He wheeled onto the ground, barely dodging the shadow’s attack. The opponent’s attack missed.

“Who is this?”

Su Hao carefully raised his head and looked but he soon realized that thing in front of him was not human. Although it was a creature walking upright, it was an ape!

With sturdy arms and a hairy body, it was actually an ape.

However, the current ape, its body was not normal. It had dull blue fur and a pair of sharp claws that were blue in color.

Su Hao’s mind shook. A name flashed within his mind.

Underground ice ape!

Underground ice ape was a transformed berserk beast ape. Although there physical body did not grow bigger or smaller, the whole body became ice blue in color. For these transformed underground ice apes, their strength were not greatly increased. However, their bodies had undergone a huge change due to the reconstruction of their genes.

And most importantly - origin ability talent!

The origin ability points for an underground ice apes was 15. Origin ability talent: grade D, cold-blooded. Its whole body was as cold as winter and it did not have a trace of temperature. Any heat detector would not be able to detect it due to its temperature being constantly at 0 degrees. It could even affect the surrounding areas.

Underground ice apes loved to sleep underneath the surface. As it submerged in the ground, the temperature of the ground and its surrounding would be affected, and it would eventually drop to 0 degrees. Therefore, if a heat detector was used to try and detect its existence, such detection was unlikely to succeed.

In a moment, all the information concerning the underground ice apes floated into his head.

Instead of being in a pinch, Su Hao let a sigh of relief. Since he knew what it was, no matter how difficult, he would be able to identify a way to counterattack. Fortunately, the knowledge he had gained from theoretical basis was not wasted.

“Roar!”

The underground ice ape roared angrily and charged towards Su Hao. Anyone would be irritated at someone who broke their sleep.

“Hong!”

A punch was released and Su Hao dodged to the side.

The strength of the underground ice ape wasn’t great. With Su Hao’s 350 points in physical fitness, he could completely destroy it but...

“Hua-”

The underground ice ape’s empty punch produced a few icicles in mid-air.

That was the air which Su Hao exhaled. The moment it collided with the underground ice ape’s punch, it became ice!

Cold-blooded ice!

This talent did not have any frightening attacking or defensive capability. However, every item that this talent touched would have its temperature changed to be the same as it. Moreover, as long as this origin ability talent existed, it could be extended infinitely! In theory, if there this was an infinite origin ability, any cold-blooded person could cause the whole earth to enter into the ice age!

Unfortunately, the horrifying consumption caused this origin ability talent to be a lowly grade D talent.

However, in the hands of an underground ice ape, the power of cold-blooded ice was extraordinary.

“Boom!”

Another punch came. As it looked like Su Hao would not able to dodge, he gathered his strength with his right hand and viciously punched in return.

“Boom!”

Two fists met.

The underground ice ape took a step back and let out a sorrowful cry. Su Hao was unmoved. In terms of pure strength, he was not afraid. However, at this moment, his right arm became trapped in a layer of ice.

“Kacha!”

“Kacha!”

Su Hao shrugged with force and the clothes on his right arm instantly became pieces of ice and fell, making his arm bare again...

“Sou!”

The underground ice ape howled and charged again. Su Hao cursed and quickly dodged. At the same time, he kept moving his right arm. After a while, his right arm was restored to normal.

Dealing 1000 damage to the enemy but taking 800 damage yourself!

Although that one move of his did damage the underground ice ape, he himself was almost choked with the coldness.

Why not try a weapon?

Su Hao suddenly pulled out the fang of a red jackal and aimed it towards the charging fist of the underground ice ape.

“Roar-”

The fang entered its body and plunged into the fist of the underground ice ape. At that moment, Su Hao horrifyingly released the murderous fang that was in his hand.

He saw that after the underground ice ape was pierced, it revealed a trail of ice blue colored blood. This blood trail was on the berserk beast fang and the blood speedily froze it. After that, as the underground ice ape struggled in pain, like a piece of frozen tofu. The fang then easily transformed into pieces and fell on the ground.

“Ca!”

Su Hao was shocked. Fortunately, he had released it quickly, otherwise...

However, after the two strong attacks, the underground ice ape was injured even more. Being directly pierced during Su Hao’s second attempt, the ice blue blood dripped from its body. As each drop of blood landed on the ground and dyed it, the ground would become unusually cold.

“Roar-”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0166 All Dead
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0166 All Dead

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

“Roar~”

The underground ice ape gave out a few more roars. Under extreme pain, it charged at Su Hao without caring for its life. Unknowingly, it didn’t realize that it had long left the village and reached the edge of forest.

“Die!”

Taking two steps back, Su Hao’s figure dodged quickly. Reaching the side of the underground ice ape, his right fist suddenly rose and dealt a heavy blow.

Hong!

The punch on its body directly hit the heart of the underground ice ape.

A powerful force burst out. Su Hao quickly retreated, but still his right arm chilled as it was covered by a layer of frost. If he was an instant too slow, perhaps this arm of his would have been frozen solid.

“Pu...”

The underground ice ape struggled for a moment. Its injuries became even worse. The blood kept flowing, and finally it couldn’t struggle anymore. With a loud bang, it fell to the ground, dead.

“Hu~”

Su Hao worked on his frozen right arm. A moment later, it recovered to the usual state.

From start to finish, only one underground ice ape appeared out of all of those in the village. Su Hao was not worried. This was because the moment he knew the berserk beasts in this village were the so-called underground ice apes, he knew he didn’t have to worry about being attacked.

Underground ice apes were a beast which was cold, yet afraid of warm blooded creatures.

Su Hao was very clear on this information. The reason why he didn’t think of this sooner was because such beasts shouldn’t appear here. Can you imagine the feeling of going to the African savannah and seeing a penguin?

Similarly, underground ice apes were also like this.

The reason they hid underground was because of one reason...heat!

They were afraid of heat!

Based on Jianghe City’s temperature, most probably they would only come out during winter. Right now it was October, the autumn season. Although the temperature wasn’t really high, for them, it was still annoying weather, pretty similar to the human concept of high summer!

Anything below zero was their favorite temperature!

When the temperature was high, they would hide themselves quietly underground to sleep, especially during summer. That was the very reason they were named the ‘underground ice ape’. ‘Underground’ described them really well. Their behavior during summer could be called...summer hibernation.

He had won.

Su Hao, with his 13.5 points in origin ability, single-handedly killed a 15 points origin ability equivalent, an underground ice ape which had its own origin ability talent. This was definitely a huge step forward, but he didn’t felt happy about his accomplishment. It was he had realized something, which was very depressing news for him.

The advantage of fighting technique was slowly disappearing.

When origin abilities exceeded 15 points, the advantages of physical fitness and fighting technique would gradually turn into a support aid.

And the higher the origin ability, the smaller and smaller the advantage would be getting. When someone reached 20 points and higher, the advantage would completely disappear. It would be identical to the points brought by origin ability focused technique. At that time, 100 points of basic fighting technique would have the same strength enhancement as 100 points of beginner origin ability cultivation technique.

“Oh my advantage...”

Su Hao looked at his right fist.

He was able to reach here today step by step, wasn’t it all because of his fighting technique and physical fitness, which brought him an advantage? The same 100 points, investing them in fighting techniques or ability indexes had huge differences! This was the very reason why Su Hao kept challenging. However, as origin abilities became higher, origin ability talents began to reveal their advantages!

Didn’t today’s battle clearly show this?

No matter how strong you are, if you can’t hit your opponent, aren’t you still in a pinch?

How capable you are, if you don’t dare to touch them, won’t death be waiting for you, too?

There were many abilities which were similar to this cold-blooded ice. There were those with virus or toxins, who people wouldn’t dare to touch. Only death would be awaiting them! That was the reason why he prepared gloves, clothes, etc., which were only effective against primary levels of infection.

Thinking of that time during the battle of honor when Fang Lin emitted that bright green light, which then stimulated the growth of rattans and branches. That was really a strong ability.

Luckily, he didn’t have to worry for long.

His fighting technique and physical fitness were about to reach max. At that time, he would then fully concentrate on his origin ability talent! Su Hao’s initial goal was pretty simple, reaching 18 points!

If he wanted to enroll in Zhanzheng College, the first goal would be reaching 18 points in origin ability!

“Soon, I will catch up with you guys,” Su Hao sneered. His face recovered back to his previous confident look. The reason why he prioritized enhancing his fighting technique was to improve his strength! Within 20 points, his advantage still remained! Even if this underground ice ape was 15 points, he could still kill it!

As for the dead body of this ape, Su Hao ignored it.

Surrounding its body, the evaporating ice blue blood made this piece of land freezing cold. For a short period of time, this place wasn’t fit to get near.

Su Hao looked at the village. Once again, he headed there.

When it was ‘hot’, these underground ice ape would prefer not to move. As long as you didn’t step on its head, and stayed more than 2 meters away, they wouldn’t wake up. And the underground ice apes would stay more than 2 meters apart from one another. Thus, Su Hao could find them one by one and kill them.

“Qi!”

Su Hao stepped on a piece of land and another underground ice ape burst from the earth, giving a roar of anger.

Su Hao had grabbed more beast teeth from his backpack. These teeth were the ones coming from the drunk rat beast king, having the same 15 points in origin ability as these apes. They should be able to survive being frozen, right?

“Go!”

As the hand holding the teeth rose, he poked it at the underground ice ape.

Although the drunk rat beast king might not be able to win against this underground ice ape, their origin ability energy should be pretty similar. If this ape allowed a drunk rat beast king to bite it and then froze its teeth, then the 15 points of origin ability in this rat beast would be pretty useless.

Pu ci...

A line was drawn by the teeth on the ape’s body. As the ice blue blood spilt out, the teeth instantly turned blue, but then slowly returned back to their normal appearance.

“Just as I predicted.”

Su Hao’s eyes lit up. Each time he made contact, it was for less than a second. Holding these sharp teeth, he was like a hunter, and began to dance with his prey.

The only thing he had to take note of was the spurting blood.

If a single drop of blood was to land on his body, most probably something bad would happen.

Thus, although he could easily kill an underground ice ape, Su Hao still need to be careful with every step he took. Again and again, he provoked the underground ice ape until it died.

After a full ten minutes, Su Hao was only able to kill one underground ice ape.

Two hours later, 12 underground ice apes were all dead by Su Hao’s hands. To deal with these creatures which only acted on instinct was simply pure physical labor.

And then...it would be a war of attrition.

----------------------

Jianghe City, 3 days later...

Lao Shu followed a few others and returned home, embarrassed. With a pale face, he recalled that when he went to complete the task, he relied on his sense of danger and was able to rush to the target location fast. Never did he expect that when he returned, he would actually spend such a long period of time!

If not because of meeting more guys who were trying to complete the task, he was afraid this time, he would not have been able to return back here.

He didn’t know what kind of bullet Dao Ba used. After being shot, his injury still hadn’t recovered after a long time. He had used several bottles of the body recovery drug, but the effect was weak. Worst, he didn’t have any intermediate body recovery drug with him at the time. It was a crisis during his journey back. Later, when he met some guys who were doing the same task, he offered a huge amount of money so that they would be able to escort him back safely.

“Brother Shu, is it really as exaggerated as you said?” a young man said with an unconvinced face.

“Nonsense, what do I get for telling lies?” Lao Shu was annoyed, “In this circle, what kind of person Brother Shu is, I believe you know very well. Since when have I exaggerated any fact? You think I am willing to admit this Dao Ba is that formidable? Although Dao Ba is strong and being labelled as number one in our circle, compared to others, he might only be stronger by a bit. Never would I expect that this time...”

As Lao Shu said so, that lingering fear began to appear as if he had remembered that mysterious shot two days ago...

“Is it really prediction? Predicting with a sniper rifle, what kind of concept is this strength!”

Although the young man had heard Lao Shu mentioning about it countless times, each time he heard it, he would still feel excited. Even the surrounding guys felt strange after listening. After all, such capability was too strong and out of this world!

“You think I’m willing to believe?”

Lao Shu said with a hint of depression, “You guys have seen my injury. I wonder what bullet caused this. Even now, there is still some pain. Along the way here, how many bottles of recovery drug have I consumed? Dao Ba’s strength...sigh.”

The young man was still unwilling. “I’m just not satisfied. We have accepted the task but returned without completing it. If others are to complete it, I’m afraid...”

Along the way, Lao Shu only met these few task-seekers.

However, it was these people who believed Lao Shu’s words. There was one who accepted the same task, too. In order to get the reward, he was willing to risk his life. Thus, after being reminded by Lao Shu, he then left a bottle of beginner body recovery drug and left.

Thinking of this, Lao Shu suddenly revealed his disdain, “Hmmpph! They can complete the task? I’m afraid they won’t be able to return back.”

As they were discussing, they felt a commotion at the gate. Several people then entered.

Lao Shu and others had a look and were shocked because one of them was the one who went ahead after being warned. This man really came back alive.

Could it be he had completed the century old wine task?

“Hei Hu!” Lao Shu shouted at the man who was at a distance away, “Did you complete it?”

The man who was called Hei Hu looked at him, and then walked toward him without uttering a word.

“What happened?” Lao Shu was shocked and vaguely guessed there was a problem.

Hei Hu slowly raised his head as he revealed a bitter smile, “Dead...all dead...”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0167 Purging
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0167 Purging

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

“What was dead?”

Lao Shu looked at him with a horrified expression.

“The people doing this century-old wine task.” Hei Hu bitterly smiled, “Excluding those few people who were earlier, the guys later... ... all were dead. Dao Ba made his move!”

Lao Shu was shocked. The several young men beside him started feeling some cold sweat. They had a look at each other and rejoiced for their luck.

The older generation hunters really had unique eyes.

They as youngsters, even if their strength wasn’t lacking, but in the experience department, there were too much of a gap!

“What happen?”

Lao Shu carefully asked.

Hei Hu hesitated for a bit before slowly revealed, “After you left, some people who didn’t listen to your advice still went ahead. Then, Dao Ba issued a warning! After witnessing the mighty power of the sniper rifle, these people finally gave up.”

“But you know, some people aren’t afraid of death. More and more people came. Dao Ba was getting annoyed by them and began to hurt them for real. In a blink, a dozen of people had been shot and injured. However, this task, you should know the price in the black market. Even with the fame of Dao Ba, it still wasn’t enough to stop those greedy people. Therefore, although many people were injured, they still rushed toward Fengshan Village.”

Hei Hu showed a hint of being afraid after saying till here before continuing, “It was at this moment, Dao Ba finally raged. Those who still insisted to enter...nobody came out alive. Just one shot! One shot from far away and then...died! When I rushed over there, I just managed to witness a young man in front of me.”

“A shot...”

Hei Hu’s face was somewhat pale, “A headshot kill, that young man died on the spot. The blood splashed on me. I was so scared that I quickly fled. Since Dao Ba saw me leaving, he just let me go and didn’t fire. If not, I won’t be standing here alive.”

Hearing this, everyone sucked in a mouthful of cold air.

Lao Shu swallowed his saliva for a bit. What Hei Hu described was similar to his experience!

“I remember Dao Ba wasn’t this powerful. Even his personal sniper rifle which he personally modified, only has a range of 3000 meters. But this time, it reached even 5000 meters! Plus, the forests had a lot of obstacles. Yet, he could just ignore them and headshot his victim. The current strength of Dao Ba was an entirely different world!”

“That’s right!” Hei Hu sighed in sorrow, “According to the rumour, Dao Ba had joined a mysterious organization. At first, I didn’t believe it but now, I’m afraid it’s true! After creating his name in Jianghe City for so many years, he finally succeeded!”

“Huh, true!”

Lao Shu also sighed. Only when would they succeed?

Those few young men were also confused by the conversation, “These two seniors, isn’t Dao Ba the number one hunter in Jianghe City? How could he succeed just right now?”

“Ah.”

Lao Shu shook his head, “The number one? Only within ordinary hunters! If he is really strong, who would want to be a hunter? Sniper rifles have always been monitored and banned by the Origin Ability Association. Even with a sniper rifle, when facing a truly strong esper, it would be just a joke. It may seem like an honour but us guys have basically reached the end road! Without origin ability talent, relying on a weapon to achieve glory and wealth, so what then?”

“Why would Dao Ba always upgrade his weapon? Because the only thing he could improve on is his weapon! His potential had been exhausted. Without origin ability talent, sooner or later he would be eliminated. But still, Dao Ba finally succeeded. With such powerful strength, presumably, this mysterious organization must have promised him a lot of benefits or perhaps gave him an origin ability talent of his own.”

“As for being the number one hunter in Jianghe City?”

“It is a joke in front of others.”

Lao Shu laughed at himself and looked at the youngsters, “Since you all have origin ability talent, train hard then. One day, you guys will surpass us. This is the era of origin ability. Only those with origin ability will have the final laugh.”

Hei Hu nodded as he felt the same.

Those who were active in the front lines of the hunters circle basically were the first batch of the era. However, like Li Xiaoru, they didn’t possess any origin ability talent. Lao Shu was also very strong but still failed halfway. He only managed to obtain the strong sense of danger.

Although it was different from origin ability talent, all these years, he couldn’t remember how many time it had saved him. But others might not be that lucky. All they could resort to was training their body, buying powerful weapons, and using drugs to increase their strength.

What was behind all these glories was sadness!

“If Dao Ba can succeed, we definitely can too!” Lao Shu’s eyes suddenly showed high spirit as he looked at Hei Hu, “Remember this day. This time, it is the fame of Dao Ba! One day, I will let everyone afraid of me in battle too.”

“Haha, great then!”

Hei Hu laughed out loud, “Come, let’s go to a bar! Nobody is to go back home until we are drunk! The fame from battle, one day this daddy will have too. We will learn from Dao Ba! Pay respects to Dao Ba!”

“Pay respects to Dao Ba!”

Shouting a few times, they walked towards a bar together.

But at this time, they were totally clueless that the all mighty Dao Ba which they respected was gradually decaying in the forest near Fengshan Village.

“Peng!”

A sharp piercing sound could be heard. Su Hao who was lying on the ground, holding his sniper rifle and watched one person who dared to rush in.

“Hong!”

From the aiming lens, a blood lotus instantly formed on where the person was.

Headshot kill!

Su Hao sneered. Holding his sniper rifle, he had a look left and right. All aim had been eliminated.

“Finally it’s over.”

Su Hao sighed. He had self-reflected in his heart that he had underestimated the greed of humans.

This task, so many people accepted it!

Almost all hunters lined up and rushed into the village! If he is to count, there were no less than 100 people!

Even when he was in a battle with the underground ice ape, he still had to be careful of anyone approaching the village.

That was why the thing which could have been completed in two days, he had to extend for a whole five days. These few days, every meal of his was of dry ration and mineral water!

“It’s clear now.”

Su Hao casually stored his sniper rifle. His mouth revealed a trace of a smile. Although it was hard... ... the benefits were there too.

For example, the usage of this sniper rifle.

At first, Su Hao always couldn’t make a perfect shot. Almost every time the shots he fired were all inaccurate. He did aim at the chest and even activated his terrain modeling, but each time, it would always deviate from the path he wanted the bullet to take. No matter how accurate he calculated, it would always deviate by a few meters.

Fortunately, the opponents saw the power of the sniper rifle and retreated.

Unfortunately, although there were ones who retreated, there were also people who kept rushing forward.

This forest then became Su Hao’s training site. With more and more people rushing in, finally, Su Hao managed to shoot accurately. Finally, he could kill someone for the first time with the sniper rifle!

If he succeeded once, the second time would be much easier.

The third time, the fourth time...

Up till now, unless the opponent has a special ability, Su Hao basically could hit one hundred percent!

Within 5000 meters, a perfect headshot!

Unfortunately, every time he would consume energy by using his model analysis to aid. That was still quite a terrifying amount. If a lot of people came, Su Hao might even have to spend all his energy.

However, as Su Hao began to kill, the one following behind were obviously scared. Thus, fewer and fewer people came... at least within Su Hao’s scope. Thus, anyone who entered within Su Hao’s scope would receive a headshot. As word began to spread, he finally managed to fool these guys.

If those who were scared by Su Hao knew that they were just a practice target instead of Su Hao’s kindness of letting them go, it was a mystery whether they would be angry or not.

After five days, Su Hao already mastered the usage of this sniper rifle. Moreover, those underground ice ape here were almost cleaned up by Su Hao.

Stored the sniper rifle into his backpack, Su Hao then walked toward the center of the village.

Using his life detection, he noticed that the first half of underground ice apes had all been cleaned up. Even those surrounding the cellar were all killed too.

“Sou!”

Su Hao jumped and was soon in front of the house. After confirming there was no creature in the house, only then did he open the door.

“Kuangdan~”

Countless dust fell everywhere causing Su Hao to frown. Looking at the dust in the room, he could already guess that nobody had come here for ages.

Those underground ice apes definitely wouldn’t enter here. Those lazy creatures which were afraid of heat dared to enter this room? They would only like those cold places.

Looking around, the room was large and empty.

Just that, when he had a closer look, Su Hao saw quite a number of familiar things. An experiment table, white lab coat, the discarded drug bottles on the floor and all sort of tables and chairs on the floor.

Su Hao slowly lowered his body and had a look at the traces on the floor.

Here....indeed there was someone who came here before, and at least ten years ago. Clearing off the berserk beasts here, they then set up a laboratory to carry out experiments. As for why the underground ice apes which shouldn’t have appeared here and yet lived here, it seemed that the answer was pretty much revealed.

But the one responsible did not seem to complete the experiment on time.

From how messy this place was, he could determine that the party must have fled here in hurry. Something indescribable must have happened.

“10 years ago...”

Su Hao pondered. 10 years ago, there wasn’t any big news. Or perhaps he was too young at that time. However, no matter what happened, since they had fled for at least 10 years, this could only mean that this place had been abandoned.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0168 Who is the bird?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0168 Who is the bird?

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Nora.

“From the looks of it, this should be a temporary facility.”

The ones responsible for this did not build the facility perfectly either, as the foundation of the whole building was very shallow. Even the cellar was untouched. Or else, this place would have collapsed long ago. Moreover, thanks to the influence of the underground ice apes, although the soil was not thick, the ice made the soil solid. This made it capable of supporting the whole building.

This should be the laboratory set up by the ones responsible and the several buildings that surrounded here were presumably their accommodation. After the opponent escaped, the underground ice ape stayed at the original location and developed. After all these years, they finally formed a community. However, due to their physical factors, they usually stayed underground, and only appeared during the winter period.

With the limited number of traces on the site, Su Hao managed to analyze a lot of information.

However, after he circled the room for half a day, Su Hao could only smile bitterly. How to put this, this building was built directly above the cellar. To access it was to destroy this place! With his current ability, such destruction was easy but... as there was only a single bottle of century old wine in the cellar, this trip would have been a waste if the item was destroyed.

“Let’s have a look first.”

Su Hao pressed the ground with his right hand.

Model analysis, start!

Terrain modeling!

Brush!

A faint, blue colored light ray appeared, and the model of the whole building appeared in his mind. Underneath the building, with a gap of less than a meter, laid the cellar. If not for Su Hao’s initial survey, who would have known that this huge building would be situated above an empty cellar!

Within that cellar, there were many simple tools.

The cellar had hoes, sickles, nails, shovels, brooms, and a series of items that were common to civilians. However, right at the centre and underneath a table, there was a loose wooden board. Underneath the board was an old fashioned, brown colored wine bottle. Unsurprisingly, this was the so called century old wine.

“In the secret compartment under the table... at the cellar’s southeast corner. If I choose to enter via the northwest corner, I definitely won’t destroy the wine bottle.”

Su Hao pondered for a bit and then he walked to the room’s northeast corner. He stared at the ground beneath his feet and viciously stomped it.

With his current abilities, a meter gap would still be nothing. Wasn’t this easy?

“Boom!”

A dull sound rang out but the ground remained the same.

Su Hao’s mouth twitched. He felt that his right foot was numb.

Damn it!

He forgot that the ground was solidified by the ice, otherwise, it would not be able to support this huge building.

Su Hao then went to the forest to wander. As he did so, he found some wood and went back to the corner of the room. After lighting the wood, the temperature of the room slowly increased. Especially for that corner. Under the flame, the ground that was solidified by ice began to soften. Vaguely, it seemed as if the room began to slightly shake. The ground looked to be loosened.

“Boom!”

With a stomp from Su Hao, the ground that was previously as solid as a rock instantly collapsed and a huge hole appeared as a direct result of his stomp.

“Splash!”

Countless items dropped down and a chasm immediately appeared in the room. The bottom of the chasm could be seen. The building’s foundations were only 2 meters and further below was a meter of solid ground. Underneath it was the cellar.

After putting out the fire, Su Hao leaped down.

As the cellar did not contain anything valuable, Su Hao directly went underneath the table. He flipped and opened the secret compartment to retrieve the ancient wine bottle. It was a brown bottle, decorated with old fashioned circular designs. This was the task’s ultimate item!

After seven days of hard work, he finally got it!

Outside the forest.

Many people rushed to come here again from time to time. However, the reputation of the grim reaper Dao Ba began to spread. Additionally, those headless corpses in the forest were solid evidence.

After entering the forest for 10 meters, heads will explode!

The whole forest had become a burial that no one dared to enter!

Therefore after a long period of silence, those people slowly left.

It was as if everyone had given up on the task, as accepting such a task before the grim reaper would be suicide. However, in the past few days, a hideous looking young man silently appeared here.

“Hehe, Dao Ba?”

This young man grinned and said, “Number one in Jiang He City? This is really a joke, dependence on firearms is eventually not the way of the king! I will show you that these so called weapons, before origin ability talent, would only be an amusing existence. Your task, I, Green Snake, definitely want it!”

Green Snake, with his origin ability score at 15, was a strange existence among hunters.

He could be considered the circle’s young talent. Before reaching 30 years old, he had reached 15 points of origin ability. More importantly, he had origin ability talent!

C class origin ability talent, lighting speed!

He was a graduate from an ordinary university. After graduation, he was not satisfied with an ordinary career. This was why he had worked hard to become a hunter and wandered at the outskirts of Jiang He City. After a few years, he established a decent reputation. Due to his possession of origin ability talent, many people were jealous of him.

“Whiz!”

A shadow flashed by and Green Snake instantly appeared within the 5 meters perimeter. Layers of his afterimages were left behind in the air.

“Brush!”

“Brush!”

“Brush!”

Green Snake entered the forest and disappeared like a ghost. He was confident that with his current speed, even Dao Ba would not be able to hit him!

The gap of 5000 meters was covered in a moment’s time.

However, up until he walked out of the forest, he did not hear any horrifying gunshot.

“Dao Ba is not able to lock on me, therefore he didn’t dare to shoot?”

Green Snake was slightly pleased. However, at the moment he walked out of the forest, his entire being became dumbstruck. Because at this moment, in Fengshan Village, there were only berserk beast corpses. No one was in the whole village. The village was covered with dense, light blue berserk beast corpses, and many innumerable and strange potholes, stretched until it reached one of the village’s building.

“What kind of berserk beast is this?”

Green Snake was slightly surprised. Such a light blue fur, he had never seen this hairy berserk beast in Jianghe City before!

“Could it be that idiot Dao Ba was killed by this berserk beast?”

Green Snake had some suspicion. However, this was merely according to the corpses. As he looked towards the faraway building, if Dao Ba was not dead, he would definitely be in there!

“Whiz!”

“Sou!”

Green Snake’s body blinked. He crossed a portion of the gap with a beautiful letter Z, then proceeded without any clear pattern as he approached the building. In front of Dao Ba, as long as his movement did not have any clear patterns, then the sniper shots could be avoided.

However, something made him curious. Even as he charged towards the door, no one appeared!

Was Dao Ba really dead?

Green Snake calmed his senses and kicked the locked door open.

“Boom!”

A terrifying bang spread over. The door was instantly crushed into pieces and destroyed by this simple kick. Green Snake sneered as he moved forward in great strides. At this moment, a cold ray of light appeared. Additionally, this light targetted his neck, it was dazzling and bright.

“Dodge!”

Green Snake’s pupils shrunk as his body dripped with cold sweat. He transferred all of his energy and activated lighting speed. A green light flickered!

The cold light missed his neck and it crossed his chest.

“Cila-”

With a crisp sound, the two bodies brushed past each other. A moment of silence.

After a while, a low voice rung out within the room.

“You are not Dao Ba!”

Green Snake stood up and slowly looked at the shadow in front of him. “Dao Ba’s current level is definitely not so advanced. His figure is also different.”

“Really?”

A clear cold voice replied. Su Hao turned away from the dark. He then looked at the middle-aged man that stood before him. “You took a blow from me and you actually didn’t die!”

“Heng!”

Green Snake sneered. “Well, I didn’t hear Dao Ba’s gunshot. The mantis stalks the cicada unaware of the bird behind. I am afraid that Dao Ba most likely killed by you. However, you must not have realized that behind that bird was another bird, hahaha!”

Su Hao was non-committal. He coldly stared at Green Snake. “Perhaps you are overconfident!”

“Heh heh, just a student.”

Green Snake laughed sinisterly. “Dao Ba really met an unexpected failure. However, based on that earlier attack, if my origin ability talent was not the speed type, I am afraid that I would’ve also been killed by you! Heh, brats nowadays are very sinister. Too bad, since you didn’t kill me with that strike, the person who is going to die is you.”

Su Hao glanced at Green Snake for a bit. With the activation of character modeling, he practically saw through Green Snake’s abilities with a single glance.

Grade C talent, lightning speed.

Beginner military fighting technique.

His origin ability points were unidentifiable. However looking at his imposing figure, he should be as strong as the underground ice ape. Aat most, he should be at 15 points... With this type of ability, where did his confidence come from?

“Shua!”

Green Snake’s clothes had been ripped by Su Hao’s attack, which revealed an object underneath. After Su Hao took a glance, he immediately gulped a mouthful of cold air, “Bulletproof armor?”

Bulletproof armor was specially made to counter firearms. Its defensive capability was extraordinarily strong! Even standing in front of a sniper rifle would still be completely safe. The berserk beast fang that Su Hao held in his hand was not even worth mentioning. No wonder he was fine after Su Hao shot his chest earlier.

“You are right!”

Green Snake sneered. “This was originally prepared for Dao Ba. I did not think that I would bump into you. Haha, are you another one who has no origin ability talent but plan to remove hunters within the circle? Haha, Dao Ba met with unexpected failure but that would not happen to me. Can you break the defense of my bulletproof armor?”

Su Hao squinted his eyes.

The bulletproof armor that Green Snake wore on his body was very thin. Like an undergarment, the bulletproof vest was completely stuck onto the body. Moreover. the price was very expensive and its defensive ability was super strong. Of course, as expensive as it was, it also had weaknesses. One, it could only protect the upper body, which included the chest. Thus if the other parts of Green Snake’s body were targeted, the bulletproof armor would be useless.

However... Green Snake did not have strength but speed! Even if Su Hao was able to increase his hand’s swiftness, after Green Snake used his origin ability, Green Snake could move dozens of centimeters in an instant, making his attack completely miss!

Wasn’t that the case earlier?

Su Hao had actually aimed for the berserk beast fang to pierce Green Snake’s throat. Instead, it hit his chest. Come to think of it, even if Dao Ba was here, it would be the same. With Green Snake’s speed, it would actually be difficult to hit him. Even if a bullet hit him after exerting a lot of effort, it would only land on the bulletproof armor, and be rendered completely useless! This bulletproof armor, coupled with Green Snake’s origin ability talent, simply was the perfect combination!

Su Hao had no doubt. No matter how he attacked, every time, it would land on the bulletproof armor protecting his opponent’s chest.

But this bulletproof armor had a second weakness—it was ineffective against origin ability attacks. No matter how tough or sturdy it was, or how soft he was, in front of origin ability, it would still be trash.

As such, its sales volume was so low that it was not surprising.

Apart from being used to counter someone like Dao Ba, this type of item was only popular within the hunter’s circle. However, if one were to wear it in a battle of honor, countless of these armor would be turned into dust...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0169 Chase and Kill in Forest
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0169 Chase and Kill in Forest

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

The bulletproof armour was very fragile!

Unfortunately for Su Hao, the only attack which he could use origin ability energy was the one and only...fighting point!

Achieving a combo on Green Snake, like trying to hit a ghost?

Even he himself felt this was impossible!

Hong!

Green Snake didn’t give him any opportunity to think. At this moment, Green Snake instantly made his move. His figure flashing, Green Snake didn’t hesitate to attack Su Hao.

Peng!

Su Hao counterattacked by blocking Green Snake’s attack. Turning around, he blasted a punch back.

Hu!

The punch hit empty air.

Sou!

Green Snake’s figure appeared at the other side. Su Hao’s eyes coldly flashed as he slashed toward him with the berserk beast teeth in his hand.

Ci la~

A crisp sound could be heard. Without even thinking, Su Hao knew well his slash landed on the bulletproof armour again!

Peng!

Peng!

Peng!

Both of them exchanged moves several times. To Su Hao who was standing a few steps away, this Green Snake was just like a ghost. He kept flashing non-stop in the surroundings and occasionally delivered a blow.

Su Hao’s strong analysis played an important role. From time to time, he would be able to guess Green Snake’s incoming attacks and then intercept him halfway. Too bad, whenever he saw an opportunity to kill Green Snake, Green Snake would easily evade and his attack would hit on the bulletproof armour.

Hong! Yet another confrontation. Green Snake had already began to gain the advantage.

“Hold on!” Su Hao suddenly opened his mouth to interrupt.

“En?” Green Snake was startled and looked at him.

Su Hao casually said, “Speed type talent, coupled with bulletproof armour, against someone like me who doesn’t have origin ability talent, you’re already in an invincible spot! If we’re going to continue fighting, there won’t be any meaning in it. I already can imagine the result. In the end, even if you win, you would still be in a sorry state. Then, the third bird might be taking advantage instead. I believe those who want to complete the task is not limited to you...”

“Then what’re you planning?” Green Snake looked at him coldly.

Su Hao smiled, “This trip of mine wasn’t easy either. I even killed Dao Ba. However, I have after all eliminated Dao Ba, one of your big enemies. Why not we split this 50-50?”

“Absolutely not!” Green Snake coldly laughed, “I am more willing to kill you and then hide. With my speed, how many people could catch up with me?”

“Kill me?” Su Hao laughed out loud, “Although I’m not as fast as you, but the next time you’re attacking me, I will hold you tight and let both of us suffer. You think you can evade this?”

Green Snake was alert.

This madman!

He was really afraid!

It was a fact that the capability of the boy in front of him wasn’t strong. Yet, he could easily calculate Green Snake’s incoming attack. Several times, he was almost killed half way while executing his attacks. If not for his lightning speed and bulletproof armour, he would have been dead long ago. Plus, this opponent’s speed wasn’t slow. He was at least twice as fast as Dao Ba.

Exactly how strong is his physical fitness?

If the opponent was willing to suffer together with Green Snake, clinging on him suddenly, attacking him, even if he could win in the end, it would still be a miserable one and they could even possibly...die together.

This madman!

Green Snake cursed for a bit. Now only did he seriously consider the proposition. After thinking about it, he then said, “50-50 is impossible. I can only give you 30 at most.”

“30?” Su Hao shook his head and laughed. “Heihei, why not we do this since both of us are not trusting each other? Why not use star dollars to trade then? Give me 5 million star dollars and I will hand over the task item to you.”

“Stop dreaming!” Green Snake was mad, “5 million! You’re mad! Where would I get that much cash? Even if I sold it, it would only be a few million!”

“A few million?” Su Hao said in a flat tone, “The guidance from Master Feng is really that cheap? That is no ordinary grandmaster! In the black market, it would have cost tens of million star dollars! If you think a few million is alright, I don’t mind giving up so you can take this?”

Green Snake smiled without even showing a tiny bit of embarrassment. Just now he was indeed acting. After all, a trade was supposed to be like this, trying to get a better deal for oneself.

“Give me a reasonable condition. Otherwise, we will fight to the death. Let’s see who will obtain the millions in the end!” Green Snake didn’t retreat.

Su Hao shrugged, “Are you sure if you fight until death, you will still be getting the bottle of wine in the end?”

Su Hao’s mouth revealed a smile. From his backpack, he took out an ancient wine bottle and gently smiled at it. Satisfied with the smell, “This is indeed worthy to be century old wine...there is this nice aroma coming from the wine. If this thing broke, how sad would it be.”

After saying so, Su Hao seemed to have accidentally slipped. The bottle almost fell to the ground before he caught it at the very last moment.

“Damn, be careful!” Green Snake cursed. His heart hurt as he watched the bottle falling.

Damn it!

All these time, he had carefully planned and even bought this special armour to deal with Dao Ba, for what? Wasn’t it because of this task?

If this bottle of wine broke, then everything would be in vain.

“I don’t have 5 million!”

Green Snake bitterly said, “But I do have 3 million. If you want, I will give you 3 million and you pass me the bottle of wine. How about it?”

“Three million?”

Su Hao pondered for a moment and then sinisterly smiled, “Deal!”

“How can I trust you?” Green Snake asked.

“You must trust me.”

Su Hao put the bottle of wine on the ground and then took a step back, “If you don’t give me the money, I will destroy this bottle then. If you pay, I will leave. Since I have obtained the money, I don’t think there is any need to risk my life being chased by you by destroying your task, right?”

“In contrast, if you obtain the wine, you won’t dare to make a move. But once this wine is not available, you would not hesitate to kill me. You think I will do something stupid that might end up killing me without any benefit or hatred?”

Green Snake pondered. It was as he said.

Green Snake’s strength was slightly stronger than this opponent. If he was to obtain the item, he would certainly leave immediately and would not try to wear his opponent off here. However, if the task item was destroyed, he would definitely try to get rid of the opponent in desperation. In the end, it would be a lose - lose situation for both of them.

With this brat’s intelligence, would he try anything funny?

“Deal! Give me your account number!” Green Snake bit his teeth as he said this.

Su Hao then gave over his account number.

Green Snake opened his virtual screen and then selected public mode before transferring money to Su Hao. A moment later, Su Hao received one of his largest harvests so far, three million!

“Great, I received it!” Su Hao looked at the information on his account. Taking a few steps back, “Nice deal there!”

Green Snake glanced at him for a bit. Carefully walking to the bottle and grabbing it with his hand, he then felt relieved. “Happy cooperating!”

Su Hao smiled. His right hand subconsciously touched the berserk beast teeth. Green Snake looked at him alertly.

“Get out of here before I change my mind.”

Su Hao licked his lips as he watched the bottle on Green Snake’s hand. “This thing, this temptation is definitely great...I’m afraid a few minutes later I might change my mind!”

“F*ck!”

Green Snake cursed for a moment. Throwing the bottle of wine into his backpack, his figure flashed, quickly leaving the scene.

He noticed bad intentions in Su Hao’s eyes. But now, with the bottle in his hands, what he could do now was only run!

Shua!

Shua!

His figure was like the wind, Green Snake quickly went past the forest’s edge. Storing the bottle of wine properly in his backpack, as long as it was not directly attacked, it would be impossible to damage it! The only fear he had was that boy’s attack!

Although he knew that for his own safety, the boy definitely wouldn’t make an early move. However, inexplicably, he had this bad feeling.

The item task was already in his hand!

Green Snake had run for hundred of meters. Just as he ran into the forest, he suddenly felt a killing intent lock on him. His figure suddenly shifted.

Peng!

Just a few hundred meters away, the sound and bullet seemed to arrive at almost the same time!

Green Snake managed to avoid the shot. Looking at the small hole on the tree to his right, his face revealed a trace of a sneer.

Finally your plan is revealed! This youngster is too inexperienced!

“So this is your plan all along? It is too weak!” Green Snake sneered. Knowing Su Hao’s plan, he finally felt relieved. With such a level...too bad...trying to hit Green Snake?

You’re a century too early!

Xiu!

Yet another bullet shot at him. Green Snake used his origin ability and began to dodge thru the forest like a phantom. He was so elusive!

“What a joke!” Green Snake coldly smiled. Such level, it was even worse than Dao Ba. You think your shot can hit me?

Peng!

Peng!

From time to time, the sound of the sniper rifle could be heard. Compared to others who were easily headshot, Green Snake moved with an ease as if he was just walking in the forest!

------------

At the entrance to the forest...

A man who wanted to reap the benefits was approaching the forest and heard the gunshot. He was so scared he almost pissed his pants. Lying on the ground for a long time, he didn’t dare to make any movements.

Soon, he heard more gunshots. Only then did he realize that these shots were not directed at him!

“Damn, scared me to death!” This man took a relieved breath. Then he saw a shocking scene. A green figure was flashing quickly thru the forest, as if he was enjoying himself.

Every 5 seconds, there would be one gunshot.

Isn’t that Green Snake? How could he be targeted? Was Dao Ba aiming at him?

A series of question marks appeared in his mind. Looking at the happy expression of Green Snake and the repeated inaccurate shots, the man suddenly came to an understanding.

Could it be the task item was with Green Snake now?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0170 Sun family’s man
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0170 Sun family’s man

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

Shua!

The eyes of this man lit up, revealing a rather surprising color.

The speed of Green Snake was able to restrain Dao Ba but in front of him, he simply couldn’t see any bullets!

“Lao Er, Lao San! Green Snake has the item. Dao Ba is now aiming at him. We will wait for them to leave the forest and attack them at once!”

Inside the forest, it was the world of Dao Ba.

Even if he managed to stop Green Snake, the item would eventually fall into Dao Ba’s hands. as long as Green Snake managed to safely bring the item out from the forest... only then would they be able to take action easily. At that time it would be a true test melee combat!

This seemingly endless gunshot attracted the crowd which seemed to have noticed what was actually happening. One by one, they were all staring into the forest. Several people received a message at the same time, hiding in the darkness and were getting ready to give a death blow the moment Green Snake came out from the forest!

“Sou!”

“Sou!”

As the phantom flashed, yet another bullet fell. Green Snake laughed, “Hahahaha... daddy finally came out. Your range only reached 5000 meters! Outside of 5000 meters, what can you do? Trying to plan your vicious scheme and yet the one who emerged as victor is me! Dao Ba, you must be turning in your grave for witnessing how strong am I right now!”

“Hahaha...”

With a sudden laughter, Green Snake had a look at the forest behind. He was on cloud nine now.

For someone like him with such speed, as long as the sniper rifle exceeded 3000 meters, it was basically useless. Although in theory, the range of fk7-111 is 5000 meters excluding the air friction, in the forest, there were countless of trees in between. Passing through the trees would make the shot completely ineffective!

The closer the target is to the sniper rifle, the more powerful it is.

“Heng!”

After coldly laughed, Green Snake put this matter of Su Hao into the bottom of his heart.

Just a little student, yet trying to play a trick in front of Green Snake. This was just seeking his own death! After I submitted the task, this daddy will come back and give you a beating. That 3 million of mine wasn’t just for nothing!

Walking out from the forest, just as he was getting ready to step forward, Green Snake suddenly felt countless of murderous intent locked on him.

His mind started to panic. As Green Snake looked up, he had a horrifying discovery! Surrounding the forest, quite a number of heads quietly stuck out. Their eyes seemed to be emitting faint green light as they were staring at his backpack.

“F*ck my life!”

Green Snake covered in cold sweat. This time he was in deep shit!

This group of bastards, how did they know me?

“That... hehe, the item is in Dao Ba’s hands. I don’t have it here...he must be the one telling you guys right? Don’t be fooled by him.” Green Snake smiled a bit as he said so while gently retreating a step back.

“Really?”

A middle-aged man leisurely walked out, “I will keep it short. If you don’t have it, we won’t chase you. Just open your backpack in front of everyone. If you don’t have it, there isn’t any need for us confronting you right?”

“Hehe, alright.”

Green Snake smiled sinisterly. As he gently handed over the backpack, his other hand behind his back suddenly stabbed out a knife into the middle-aged man fiercely.

“Dang!”

The middle-aged man easily blocked. Coldly laughing out loud, “Daddy already knew the item is in your hands. Haha, fellow brothers, attack together! Once the item is in our hand, we will discuss about the reward!”

“Hua - ”

A group of people instantly surrounded him.

“Get lost!”

Green Snake gave a loud roar and then threw a round thing into the ground. A trace of white smoke began to appear. As everyone had a look at it, they were instantly shocked. F*ck!

Origin ability liquid bomb?

“Run!”

Everyone quickly fled. At the same time, Green Snake also ran away.

For a long time, there wasn’t any reaction.

Everyone turned around and had a look. That round thing, although its appearance was similar to origin ability liquid bomb, but it could only produce smoke...

“Damn, we have been tricked.”

“Such shameless things!”

“This bastard Green Snake, let’s go and chase him!”

The crowd chased him with anger. From this place which was near to Fengshan Village all the way till Jianghe City, they began to chase him like madmen.

This item which cost more than ten million on the black market deserved to be highly desired by everyone!

As everyone left the scene, a figure then slowly appeared from the forest. It was none other than Su Hao.

Shua!

Su Hao activated the virtual screen and then opened his own task to cancel it.

“The task had been cancelled.”

Watching Green Snake’s figure escaping, Su Hao’s mouth revealed a trace of a smile, “The good drama is only starting. Brother Green Snake you must hold the audience well!”

3 days later.

The main gate of Jianghe City.

A figure flashed. A human figure was running in a rush, followed by countless of shadow behind, leaving a trail of dust.

Zhou Tiancai, who was guarding the gate, noticed the scene and was stunned. This familiar scene...

Damn!

Yet another berserk beast’s tide?

Not right!

When he had a closer look at the detector, they turned out to be human! A figure leading the pack, being chased by a group of people who wanted his life. They were directly heading toward the direction of the main gate.

“Guards, be alert!”

Zhou Tiancai gave an order. Several guards began to prepare their weapons and equipment.

Since the previous confrontation with the berserk beast tide, these people turned a new leaf. They had made a total change and now were brimming with confidence.

“Yes, captain!”

A loud roar and everyone was in position.

“Sou!”

As Green Snake was dashing for his life, it was at this moment when a figure flashed from behind. A guy named Zhuang Han came and rushed to the front of Green Snake, blocking his path.

“Haha, Green Snake. Let’s see where you are going to run now!”

Zhuang Han looked at Green Snake who had nowhere to escape. Grinning out of nowhere, he then suddenly stabbed a knife over. However, what made him felt strange was this Green Snake was not even the slightest bit scared.

“Xiu!”

A sharp arrow was shot and directly hit the side of the knife Zhuang Han was holding. Zhuang Han instantly raged, “Who the heck bother with my matter?”

“I want to bother, so what then?!”

Zhou Tiancai looked at him coldly. Bringing his troop here, he then sneered, “In the city, it is forbidden to kill. You don’t know?”

“City...”

Zhuang Han was surprised. Looking left and right, unknowingly he had chased all the way to the city main gate.

“I...”

Zhuang Han swallowed a bit of his saliva. Looking at the well-equipped guard, he could only bitterly smile, “This, Captain Zhou... I really didn’t realize we have reached the city. We have been chasing for several days and didn’t notice...I’m sorry.”

“These words, keep it for others. Trying to kill, capture him for a few days! Take him away!”

With an order from Zhou Tiancai, a troop came and held the man down before directly took him away.

The surrounding people were in total silence.

No matter how strong they are, in the city, going against the government was an unwise choice.

Zhou Tiancai looked at Green Snake and gave a serious warning to him.

Green Snake smiled and nodded. He then squatted down on a spot not far away from the main gate, taking a rest openly.

Being chased for several days, he didn’t have any good sleep at all.

He was so exhausted that he was about to collapse.

They had chased him for 3 days and yet he managed to enter the city! Even if he entered the city, it is still fine as long as they could find a place and kill him but... squatting now near the main gate without any intention of leaving! This spot was under the guards supervision for 24 hours a day, who the hell would dare break the law here? Killing this bastard in front of the guards?

This wasn’t a really good choice...

Oh yea, this guy didn’t sleep for a few days. While he was sleeping, we would take his item away...

Shua!

Noticing the eyes from everyone, Green Snake who just lied down for a few minutes once again opened his eyes. Just that, this time, his eyes revealed a pleasant look.

“Finally here!”

Looking at Green Snake standing up, everyone was shocked. What is this guy trying to do?

“Here? What is here?”

“Hong!”

A stream of light came across the sky and then landed. A gorgeous suspension car slowly landed in front of Green Snake. A man dressed in a suit then came out from the car and walked to the front of Green Snake, “Excuse me, are you Green Snake?”

“You’re?”

Green Snake asked cautiously.

“Nice to meet you, Green Snake. I’m the butler of Sun family. Under the order of chairman, I’m here to pick you up. You can just call me Butler Zhang.” Butler Zhang casually said.

“So you’re Butler Zhang. Nice to meet you.”

Green Snake quickly replied.

After exchanging greetings, both of them then went into the car. Just that before departing, Butler Zhang looked at the surrounding crowd and revealed a thick warning look.

“Hong!”

As the force produced from the burning of origin ability energy, the suspension sports car then dashed into the sky and disappeared.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0171 Substituting one for another
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0171 Substituting one for another

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Nora.

WTF!

At the city’s main gate, all the hunters glanced at each other while being dumbfounded!

After attempting to kill him for a few days, this was the end result?

Green Snake was also very ruthless. He did not sleep for three full days and had expended a lot of effort to run to the city’s main gate. Afterwards, he had immediately contacted the buyer to sell the item.

Damn it!

Feeling helpless, these people looked at the distance light ray. All they could do was sigh.

If it was someone else, perhaps they could secretly kill him. After all, for this type of matter, things were fine as long as you were not get caught. But this Sun family...

How many members from Sun family were here in Jiang He City?!

Needless to say!

Who would dare to offend Sun family?!

Upon reaching this thought, everyone laughed bitterly. After a few curses, they began to scatter one by one. A moment later, only a few remained. This was in contrast to the bustling crowd at the gate earlier.

At that moment, a travel weary youth entered the city through the city gate.

He had the appearance of a student and he looked very ordinary. As he carried a heavy backpack on his back, he nonchalantly walked towards the city.

“Hey, Su Hao?”

Zhou Tiancai’s eyes lit up and he immediately laughed, “You are out for a task again?”

“Yes.”

Su Hao smiled and nodded, “Captain Zhou, it was quite lively earlier. What happened?”

“Sigh, it was a bit of a mess.”

Zhou Tiancai waved his hands, “It seems like someone took the task item so the others were chasing to kill him. Matters like these are common. However, it’s rare to see this on such a big scale, and here I thought it was because of a berserk beast tide.”

“Berserk beast tide aren’t that common.”

Su Hao laughed awkwardly.

“Oh, that’s true.”

Zhou Tiancai laughed. Then he sternly said, “Brat, you better be careful. These people are the type who will not hesitate to take advantage of you. As you do your task, be extra careful. Recently, there have been many people hijacked while doing their tasks. If you are not careful, you may even lose your life.”

“Yes, thank you Captain Zhou, I will take note.”

Su Hao said with thankfulness.

“Okay, I see that you are weary from all the traveling, so you better go home quickly.” Zhou Tiancai waved his hand and stepped aside, allowing Su Hao to continue his journey.

After Su Hao bid Zhou Tiancai farewell, he rushed towards the Origin Ability Firm.

However, as he saw the direction of Green Snake’s exit, a hint of suspicion flashed in his mind. Sun family? Why would the Sun family want this task item for...

City center, Sun family.

Sun Batian stiffly stood at the window, as if he was waiting for something. After a while, Butler Zhang opened the door and entered, “Chairman, Green Snake has arrived. 12 million star dollars were already agreed upon during the journey.

“Okay, proceed to make the payment.” Sun Batian calmly said.

“Yes, Chairman.”

Butler Zhang sighed and nodded his head in reply.

Sun Batian glanced at him as if he knew what he was thinking, “It seems like you don’t understand why I stopped this task?”

Butler Zhang nodded, “I have my suspicions. But, if you did so, you must have had your own reasons.”

Sun Batian revealed a smile on his face, “You are the butler of Sun family for so many years. You don’t have to be so cautious. The reason I stopped this task, is because of Yaotian... That kid’s mental state is causing problems again! I thought that after participating in Master Feng’s concert, his psychological trauma would be completely healed. I didn’t think that a simple sentence from Su Hao would thoroughly confuse his mind.”

Speaking of that, Sun Batian was very helpless. It was only before this elderly butler that he could display a little of his weariness and helplessness.

“This time, if I allow him to learn from Master Feng for a few days, naturally it would be better if he could learn the techniques. Even if he doesn’t learn, still his mind would be more steady after gaining more exposure to Master Feng’s musical pieces.” Sun Batian calmly said.

Butler Zhang finally understood, so that was it!

The Chairman really put in a lot of efforts for his son!

“Let’s go, let’s go together and have a look.”

Sun Batian’s face was restored to his usual, dignified gaze—powerful and majestic, “Let’s have a look and find out what type of wine would cause Master Feng to be so desperate.”

“Yes Sir!”

With his usual calmness, Butler Zhang respectfully led the way.

Jianghe City, Origin Ability Firm.

Su Hao walked towards the main hall’s self-service counter. He silently accepted a task, before he walked towards the task registration counter.

“Hello, may I know if you are submitting your task or accepting a task?”

The registrar said sweetly. Although she knew that it was merely a regular student standing before her, she would not show the slightest neglect of her professionalism.

“I need a quiet room if you don’t wish to create a commotion here.” Su Hao spoke softly. Although it was a plain and normal tone, it was without doubt a domineering one.

The registrar was shocked. Su Hao casually showed the task number on the screen.

After checking on the computer, the registrar’s reaction came, “Please wait a moment!”

Swiftly, Su Hao was led to one of the rooms in the firm.

After a while, the Deputy Director—a plump man—ran over in a sweat, “Who completed the century old wine task?”

“It is this Mister.”

The registrar pointed at Su Hao.

The Deputy Director glanced at Su Hao and was obviously shocked. A young student actually completed the century old wine task?

A few breaths later, he came back to his senses. This youth, he must have a huge background. Therefore, he was sent over here to complete the task to then gain the reward of the guidance from Master Feng. However, someone else must have completed the task.

“Hello, I am the Deputy Director of the Origin Ability Firm, Zhang Wei.” The Deputy Director quickly stretched out his hand for a handshake as he spoke to Su Hao.

“Cough, cough...”

Su Hao almost failed to hold back his calm face.

Zhang Wei?

This guy’s name is Zhang Wei?

Su Hao sweated madly. Indeed, such a name really described him perfectly. (Zhang Wei = growing larger)

Su Hao did not waste his time with any idle chatter. He immediately took out a brown wine bottle from his backpack. A moment later, a sweet smelling aroma floated into the air, causing everyone to be startled.

From the moment Deputy Director Zhang saw that wine bottle, his whole body trembled. After he received the bottle, he carefully inspected. He then said excitedly, “This is it! It is exactly the same as what Master Feng described!”

After completing his inspection, Deputy Director Zhang passed the bottle to a few experts. After they conducted their own identification and confirmed the task item, an exciting announcement was made: Su Hao’s task was complete!

“Today, I will deliver this item to Master Feng. Tonight, you will receive a message to learn piano tomorrow,” Director Zhang said to Su Hao, “As Master Feng’s time is very tight and since this task took up a lot of time, I hope that in the three days beginning from tomorrow, you are able to free up some time.”

“No problem.”

Su Hao happily nodded, “I am already prepared. However, I would like to make a suggestion.”

“Yes?”

Deputy Director Zhang looked at him strangely.

Su Hao calmly said, “This task caught the attention of many people as its value is very high. If the task is now listed as completed, I am afraid that everyone will immediately know about it. Why don’t you temporarily cease any acceptance of the task and wait until the item has reached the hands of Master Feng before listing it as completed? Otherwise, if the item is stolen on its the journey, I am afraid that you will not be able to make any explanations to Master Feng!”

Deputy Director Zhang’s mind was shocked. He nodded his head violently, “No problem! I will immediately make the necessary arrangements!”

Su Hao’s lips raised into a smile. When he first accepted this task, he had already considered a couple of problems. This was why he had prepared a wine bottle in advance. Additionally, with Green Snake’s attack, that preparation of his had helped him to smoothly complete his plan. Now, he had completed this task successfully.

But he did not know whether Brother Green Snake was having a good time with the Sun family.

Jianghe City, Sun family.

Sun Batian silently sat at the center of the living room. Butler Zhang stood behind him, while Green Snake sat opposite him. With saliva flying everywhere, Green Snake was busy narrating the great price he had paid, how much effort he had made, how he overcame many difficult obstacles, and how difficult it was to obtain this task item in the midst of millions of enemies.

“Let’s examine the item first.”

With one sentence, Sun Batian interrupted him.

Green Snake stopped abruptly. Feeling embarrassed, he quickly took out the wine bottle that he had prepared earlier.

A few experts were already on standby. When the bottle was handled, all of the experts almost immediately frowned. After all of the experts inspected the item with a gloomy facial expression, they cautiously submitted the examination report to Sun Batian.

“What’s the situation?”

As Green Snake saw the facial expression of the experts and he immediately realized that something bad was going to happen.

Upon receiving the examination report, Sun Batian glanced at it. His face was so calm that there seemed to be no problem. Suddenly, he grabbed the wine bottle and viciously threw it to the floor.

“No!”

Green Snake said in shock. This was because he had risked his life to obtain this item.

A green light ray flashed. Green Snake was ready to catch the wine bottle but unfortunately, a shadow came over and intercepted him. Green Snake’s eyes were in tears as he stared at the bottle that he sacrificed so much for as it fell to the floor.

“Peng!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0172 Black Hand behind the Scene
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0172 Black Hand behind the Scene

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

Peng!

A crisp sound echoed in the room. The liquid inside instantly spilled all over. Instead of wine, it was just water stains scattered all over the place.

“This is the century old wine you gave me?” Sun Batian coldly said.

Green Snake’s body trembled. Looking at the water stains on the floor in disbelief, he was stunned, “No...impossible...this...how could this be! I’m sure what I took was...”

“Puchi-” Green Snake madly struggled on the floor, licked a mouthful on the water stains.

“This taste is water. Mineral water, this is mineral water. How could this be?!” Green Snake said it like a madman.

“Heng!” Sun Batian coldly grumped, “Our Sun family has been in Jianghe City for so many years, it is quite rare to find someone who is trying to make a fool out of the Sun family. Trying to cheat me with mineral water. Green Snake, you have guts, yes!”

“No, I just took it directly from the cellar...”

Green Snake suddenly gained enlightenment. He seemed to have thought of something and understood.

He had been tricked!

From the beginning he had been tricked.

That young man, from the start, this bottle was the one given by him. Later, the young man showed a sinister look, scaring him into fleeing in a rush.

The boy, afraid that he would check the bottle, began to suppress him by shooting the sniper rifle.

It seemed like there were countless shots, but none actually hit him!

Was the opponent’s skill really that bad?

No!

Absolutely not!

Green Snake right now was having doubts, Dao Ba didn’t even appear in his thoughts. From beginning to the end, it was this young man who was toying around with those hunters.

Such a terrifying young man!

“Damn it!” Green Snake was barely able to control his anger. F*ck this boy, I will definitely kill you!

The raging Green Snake only now remembered. He couldn’t even remember the name of that boy. Yet, he was cheated out of 3 million! Can’t remember your name? I will investigate! A mad expression could be seen in Green Snake’s eyes. This time, he must seek his revenge! A mad revenge!

Just that, under the delusion of revenge, Green Snake seemed to have forgotten this one thing...here, this was the Sun family.

“Great guts!” Sun Batian looked at the increasing killing intent of Green Snake, “Kill him!”

That cold tone instantly woke up Green Snake. His whole body began to sweat madly, “I...no...”

Pu ci~

A cold light flashed. Behind his back, a man in black appeared. Green Snake covered his neck in disbelief. As blood kept splurting out, he fell to the floor and died with both eyes wide open.

“Heng!” Sun Batian sneered.

Butler Zhang smiled bitterly and then gave orders to a few people to clear the body.

Even he could see that this Green Snake had been tricked. Did the Chairman not notice it? No, the Chairman absolutely realized it. It was just that he needed something to vent his anger.

Green Snake could only blame himself for dealing with the wrong guy. Just a hunter dying, nobody would care about it.

“Please contact Master Feng for me.” After finishing venting his anger, Sun Batian’s face seemed a bit more at ease. “As soon as possible.”

“Yes, Chairman!” Butler Zhang respectfully said and quietly left.

That night, the rumor of Green Snake trying to deceive the Sun family with mineral water was spread throughout the whole city. There were even some people who witnessed Green Snake’s body being thrown outside of the city.

Everyone who heard this was dumbfounded.

Nobody could have expected it to turn out like this!

Could Green Snake be so foolish as to use mineral water and try to deceive the Suns?

Of course not!

Then there could only be one possibility. The one in his hand was fake all along. If Green Snake wasn’t powerful enough to not let them snatch it away, then the one who was killed could have been them, instead?

As they thought of this, everyone was covered in cold sweat.

However, it was at this time, the very top listed task at the Origin Ability Firm suddenly disappeared without any sign. In other words, the task had been completed!

Completed?

Everyone was at a loss.

How was it completed?

The item with Green Snake was fake. Then who completed it? Something wasn’t right here! Today, only those who were chasing Green Snake entered the city. How could someone complete the task?

For a time, there was doubt everywhere.

It happened when Green Snake was killed by the Sun family. Was the item with Green Snake really a fake one?

However, this was only what Sun family said!

Instantly, each and every look directed at the Sun family was full of hatred. The incident of the blue dream butterfly was still fresh in everyone’s memory. Once again, the Sun family became the target of public criticism!

------

At this time, the culprit behind this matter, Su Hao, was enjoying his meal in his home.

After eating compressed biscuits for a full ten days, he had almost died of boredom. Reaching home, he obviously cleaned up his mum’s home cooked food.

“Eat slower,” Li Xiaoru said in a loving tone, “You, don’t you attend the natural selection class? Why do I feel like you always return back home?”

“Hehe.” Su Hao had a mouthful of rice and smiled. He couldn’t bring himself to say he just came back from the wilderness. His mum would be worried for him. “Well, I don’t get to eat good food there.”

Su Ling muttered, “Once bro is back, there would be a huge meal then.”

Su Hao looked at this little girl and then directly stuffed a few pieces of meat into her mouth, “Little brat, I will have you eat more!”

“Hmmp, I hate you!”

Su Ling was suddenly blocked off by a huge piece of meat in her mouth. She took quite some time to bite it off and then kicked a few times at Su Hao, “Smelly brother, you dare to bully me!”

“Haha!” Su Hao laughed out loud.

Looking at brother and sister teasing each other, Li Xiaorui felt pleased.

After that lively family dinner, Su Hao then examined Su Ling’s fruit of labor for a bit before returning to his room.

Ten days!

For his family, ten days seemed short. But for him, these last ten days were too dangerous. Each and every step he took, he could have gotten himself killed.

This was the first time he had accepted such a risky task.

At first he thought that as long as he was careful and didn’t stumble into others, it would be fine. Now, it seemed that killing others was the theme of the origin ability era!

Su Hao began shooting empty threats, but there were always people who took his warnings as nothing. However, when he managed to headshot people later on, only then did people begin to get scared.

And it was at this time that Su Hao understood a truth. In this era of origin abilities, only when blood is spilled can you protect yourself.

What was an interesting fact was, from start to finish, he didn’t see any student from the natural selection class!

This task was an unrestricted task. Yet there wasn’t anyone from the natural selection class. This could only meant one thing: in the school, this task was a one-timer! In order to prevent students from killing each other, the school was smart to release tasks as one-time tasks.

After all, what school aimed for was healthy competition, not killing one another.

In addition to the changes in his mentality, this battle had made Su Hao understand his own shortcomings.

That feeling of being weak when facing Green Snake. The opponent’s origin ability was above him, and coupled with that bulletproof armor, Su Hao’s defeat was only a matter of time.

Even with better physical fitness and fighting technique, he simply couldn’t touch a single hair on his opponent. That had caused such frustration in his heart...

If...if his origin ability talent could be improved...

He knew well that a case like Green Snake, who had high speed, was rare. His speed-type talent coupled with bulletproof armor, that was even rarer. With such a strategy, once you faced someone who concentrated on their origin ability, you were just as good as trash. Especially in the natural selection class, 90 percent of them were such people.

However, a failure was a failure!

Regardless on how rare it was, Su Hao would never find any excuse. He didn’t want to fail at the same thing twice.

“Once I am done with military fighting technique, I will immediately study my origin ability,” Su Hao said to himself determinedly. “Daddy don’t believe that with this mutated ability of mine, I have already discovered so many functions, but no attacking abilities exist?”

He needed to get stronger, faster!

“October 26th.” Su Hao looked at the time on the virtual screen. His face was surprisingly calm.

There were 4 more days before Chen Yiran’s coming of age ceremony.

“To go or not?”

Su Hao closed his eyes to ponder for a moment. Countless scenarios were flashing within his mind.

Go!

Why would I need to miss it!

Since Sun Yaotian had paved the stage for him, if he didn’t go up and perform, then he would have wasted all the hard work of this young master Sun. But...the script in his hand was another version.

Su Hao sneered. He had made up his mind.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0173 Dao Ba the grimreaper
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0173 Dao Ba the grimreaper

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Nora.

“Ding-”

A message arrived. Su Hao had a look—it was a notification from Feng family.

“Finally it’s here...”

Su Hao was quite excited.

For some, task points were the most important. However, for Su Hao, time was the most important factor! He gave up 1000 task points and chose to undergo Master Feng’s guidance. All of this was in order to save time and once again engage in a super sprint session! If a two hour concert could madly recover the energy in his body, now with three days of piano guidance, how much origin ability energy could he rejuvenate?

What Su Hao needed right now were cards!

After learning more cards, he would then attempt to break through at Master Feng’s place!

His abilities had been stagnant for too long that he could not wait to satisfy his need to breakthrough once more.

Thinking of this, Su Hao had a look at the cards in his mind. The only card which in the grey state was the beginner origin ability essence, its current progress was 50%.

“Not enough, I still need another card.”

Su Hao had an idea. He switched his communication device on and very quickly, he found a person he was familiar with. He immediately became glad, “I have not seen this guy for so many days. By now, he should have broken through to intermediate military fighting technique.”

The communication device beeped a few times. Very quickly, a calm human figure appeared.

“Su Hao, anything?”

Su Hao laughed, “Ha, Zhao Feng, it’s nothing. I just haven’t seen you for a long time. I’d like to treat you to a meal. Tomorrow, I will look for you in the school, do you have time for it?”

“Uh, I am currently not at school.”

Zhao Feng strangely glanced at Su Hao, “I am out doing a task. I am currently in the urban district.”

“You are in the urban district?” Su Hao’s eyes lit up, “I am also in the urban district, tomorrow morning, I will go look for you.”

“Okay, great!”

Zhao Feng nodded.

The next day, early morning, 5 am.

In a small restaurant in Jianghe City, Zhao Feng amusedly looked at the Suo Hao who sat in front of him. Su Hao said that he would look for him in the morning but he did not expect the morning to refer to 5 am!

Damn it!

At 5 am, early in the morning, Su Hao had called him out from his bed. Thinking that something had happened, Zhao Feng had anxiously rushed out. However, in the end, the important matter that Su Hao mentioned was... to have a meal!

“Really? There is nothing else?”

Zhao Feng could not help but ask, “There’s nothing to be shy about. If there is anything just ask. As long as I, Zhao Feng can do it, I will definitely not decline!”

“What thing could there be?”

Su Hao indifferently replied and let out a burp, “Hmm, today’s dishes are not bad.”

Zhao Feng: “....”

“Eat, eat, eat, don’t let me eat alone,” Su Hao said quickly, “Come, start eating.”

Astonished, Zhao Feng could not help but notice Su Hao’s courtesy towards him. He then ate a mouthful of rice but the suspicion in his heart still could not be dissipated. “Su Hao, is there really nothing?”

“Yes, please eat more.”

Su Hao smiled as he said. He then quietly activated his model analysis.

Not surprisingly, Zhao Feng had really learned the intermediate military fighting technique. From the looks of it, ever since Su Hao had given him that advice, Zhao Feng had begun training the military fighting technique!

And for more than a month, he too had been rapidly improving.

After all, the task points held by repeaters were still relatively high. To Zhao Feng, the difference was when there was an opportunity, he would grab hold of it without any hesitation.

“Card selection complete.... Intermediate military fighting technique... Model analyzing... Model establishing... Card model establishment starting....”

As the energy circulated, it began to be consumed. With high speed, information about Zhao Feng’s daily training routine was analyzed. Little by little, a grey card began to slowly take shape.

The construction of the card was about to be complete soon.

Su Hao once again glanced at Zhao Feng’s model and noticed that there were a few regretful findings. The origin ability of Zhao Feng was still firmly at the beginner origin ability transition technique. It seemed that after listening to Su Hao’s tips, he did not make any research on the advancements of origin ability. This caused Su Hao to be quite disappointed. It would be great if there was an intermediate origin ability transition technique card...

“Cough... does my face have something?”

Zhao Feng strangely rubbed his face.

“Haha, of course not.”

Su Hao laughed and quickly changed the topic of conversation, “Looking at you, the advancements you have made are not bad.”

“Yes.”

Zhao Feng nodded, “Lately, my ability has increased a lot, the path that I took in the past was really wrong! After the increase in my ability, I soared whenever I did a task. That why my task points have increased at a crazy rate. I’m not lacking in them at the moment. However, a few days ago, I saw a lucrative assignment that was worth 1000 task points. I hesitated for a while and the assignment was accepted by someone else. It was quite a disappointing moment.”

“The century old wine task?” Su Hao raised an eyebrow.

“You saw it too?” Zhao Feng said with some lingering fear, “Fortunately, at that time, I didn’t receive it. It is said that due to this task, hundreds of hunters were killed. Now that is called brutal! There was a grim reaper named Dao Ba. As for the amount he killed, the number of deaths in his hand should be 800, if not 1000!”

Su Hao: “....”

One thousand?

How could it be that many?

Did the hunters’ circle in the whole of Jianghe City even have that many people?

“This is not the main point. The most important thing is, after many hardships, Green Snake was seemingly killed by the Sun family without any proper reason. Green Snake had won through a herculean effort. It was said that the Sun family played a trick and took the reward for themselves.”

“Puff-”

Su Hao almost spit his rice, “The Sun family played a trick?

“Yes.”

Zhao Feng lamented, “It was said that when Green Snake was killed while handing over the item, the task was completed. If not Sun family, then who else could it be?”

Su Hao: “....”

The former matters were within his prediction but as for the latter result, it was truly delightful. It seemed that no matter what he did, it eventually had to do with Sun family.

“Cough, it’s impossible for Sun Batian to be so foolish.” Su Hao stated.

“Yes, even I couldn’t believe it.” Zhao Feng said in amazement, “However, everyone didn’t care if it was true or false. The more false it is, the hotter the rumour would be when its spread! As for the matter of the Sun family playing trick, this has spread through the whole Jianghe City to anyone who has a nose and an eye. Because of the previous incident, after much effort, Sun family had finally managed to stabilize their shares. Now it is estimated that their share will drop quite a lot.”

Su Hao was dumbfounded without uttering a single word.

This time it was not his fault... really!

Poor Sun family, Amen!

After eating a while, Zhao Feng had some hesitation. Putting some thought into it, he still asked, “For Chen Yiran’s birthday gathering, what present do you plan to give?”

“What do you mean?”

Su Hao frowned. This matter, even Zhao Feng knew about it? How was this possible! So far, the only person he met was Sun Yaotian, could this Sun brat again...

“In order to restore his reputation, Sun Yaotian sent out invitations.” Zhao Feng face turned strange, “For the natural selection class students, it can be confirmed that at this time, at least a dozen people will attend the gathering. This includes freshmen and repeaters, although the majority of them have not returned yet. Additionally, Sun Yaotian publicly declared that he had invited you and expressed his gratitude... So, if this time you don’t go, I guess it won’t look good on you.”

Su Hao’s eyes immediately squinted, “Killing three birds with one stone. Not only does he redeem his reputation, he is challenging me. After that, he would appear to be courteous before Chen Yiran in the eyes of the elite members of the society. This guy has grown a lot smarter lately. But how did he get so many invitation cards?”

Zhao Feng pondered for a while, “I heard that this birthday gathering is organized by Chen Yiran’s mother.”

“Slap!”

Su Hao slapped his forehead as he finally figured it out.. Weren’t Ms. Chen and Ms. Sun reported to be secretly close friends? For this type of situation, it was natural for her son to gain an advantage. Because of Chen Yiran’s matter, Ms. Chen would naturally turn a blind eye, and this was the eventual result.

“Honestly, I don’t quite understand the affairs of their circle. However, if you don’t attend this time, it is predicted that more and more rumors would spread from Chen Yiran’s side. If you do go, I am afraid that being mocked by some is unavoidable,” Zhao Feng cautiously analyzed, “To go or not to go, have you thought about it?”

“Heh, don’t worry.”

Su Hao sneered, “Relax, since Sun Yaotian is so eager and wants me to go, how can I not go? By then, I will give him a big, big surprise.”

“If you have your own plans, that’s good.” Zhao Feng nodded.

After the two gossiped for a while, Zhao Feng left as he had a task later in the morning. However, because he was confused by Chen Yiran’s matter, Zhao Feng felt that he had forgotten something yet he was not able to recall what it was.

In the end, he simply shook his head helplessly and rushed on with his task.

Poor Zhao Feng, after being dragged by Su Hao to a meal, it was all simply empty chat in the end. As for what he forgot to ask about, that was why Su Hao looked for him this early in the morning...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0174 Redeeming the reward
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0174 Redeeming the reward

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

Early morning in Jianghe City, it was unusually quiet.

It was now near the end of October and reaching late autumn.

Only at a Western villa, it was crowded with people. They were all trying to offer gifts or money just to get a chance to see Master Feng.

This was the home of pianist Master Feng.

Despite the crowd, only a few people managed to pass the assessment and were led in to see Master Feng, leaving the rest of the crowd to sigh helplessly. But at this time, a young man went to the door and was greeted by the Feng family’s housekeeper personally. This scene made everyone dumbfounded.

“Who is this man?”

“Don’t know, but he is someone who the housekeeper personally came out to greet and escort him in! For my son, I had to save a lot of money for a few months just to get a slot for the assessment to be Master Feng’s disciple. Whether he can pass or not is still an uncertainty!”

“It must be some rich kid who got in through a backdoor.”

“Sigh, let’s not mention something like that.”

Listening to the words, Su Hao faintly smiled and followed behind the housekeeper.

As the housekeeper was leading him, Su Hao suddenly frowned. The route didn’t seem... right.

The villas in Jianghe City generally had similar layouts.

When Su Hao was studying building models, he acquired some understanding about this. Thus, despite being surrounded by tall trees and not being able to see the surrounding roads, he clearly understood that the housekeeper was not leading him to the guest hall but the west side of the villa.

Su Hao didn’t utter a word, but rather silently memorized the route into his mind

“Mr. Su, it is here.”

The housekeeper said in a polite manner while pointing in front of them, “This is where master and the students train. It’s the private concert hall of Feng family. Occasionally, there would be a small private party and master would perform here.”

“Oh?”

Su Hao had a closer look. This was a classroom, pretty similar to those music classrooms in Jianghe City, but the scale was a little larger. They must have built this on their own after because the original layout of the villa didn’t have this.

“Disciples?”

Su Hao caught on this word that was uttered by the housekeeper.

“En, just ordinary disciples.” The housekeeper laughed, “Master is looking forward to having his own successor. He will probably his successor from amongst them. Although they’re just disciples, many of them have already reached intermediate pianist level. It is your blessing to be able to come here.”

“Really?”

Su Hao smiled indifferently.

Opening the door of the concert hall, inside it was indeed a spacious training hall. The light yellow wooden floor was smooth and sparky. Countless tones of beautiful music came from the room, bringing a pleasant feeling to the ears.

There were about ten origin ability pianos in the room. Many people were listening carefully to the piano. There was only one person sitting in the middle and madly immersed in his playing. And not far away Master Feng was, sitting there, listening to his disciple’s performance.

As Su Hao came in, he didn’t attract the others attention.

Or to be more precise, they saw him but just ignored him since they were watching the performance of the person in the middle of the crowd.

Su Hao didn’t voice out and silently walked next to the crowd and had a look. Instantly he understood the situation in front of him now. Master Feng and his eight disciples...one of them was currently playing while Master Feng accessed him. Was this Master Feng’s assessment of his disciples’ training?

For a full ten minutes, this young man played before finally stopped while sweating heavily. He then bowed toward Master Feng.

Master Feng calmly opened his mouth, “You have quite a good grasp on the tone. The rhythm too is not bad. But your control of origin ability energy is still weak. Go back and train harder.”

“Yes, master.”

As the young man nodded and left the stage, another one came up.

Su Hao had a glance and instantly felt in a bad mood.

One come after another?

Watching the young man who finished just now walked back to his seat, Su Hao was stunned. The one who is now on stage was the second disciple? A total of eight disciples... playing until their origin ability energy was completely exhausted like the previous one? If one took about half an hour, then if a total of eight people were to perform...

F*ck that shit!

Su Hao’s eyes revealed an unpleasant look. Regardless of how Master Feng was thinking, he had, after all, risked his life to complete the task and was currently here to redeem the reward. And the result was this scene in front of him... are you trying to toy around with me?!

What he was lacking the most was time!

These three days, he must use every second wisely.

As for obtaining good impression from Master Feng?

Hehe, even if he wasted three days to obtain a good impression from Master Feng, so what? A few days later, Master Feng would sweep his ass away and leave here. He would not know this master’s whereabouts, so how could he find this master in the future? This was the result that he risked his life for. For his future, to enhance his strength, he absolutely must not allow this chance to be wasted.

This was a deal.

Since he had paid the price, it was necessary to claim his reward!

“Ding-”

The young man only pressed a note on the piano and not yet even began his play. Yet, Su Hao interrupted him, “Student Su Hao greets Master Feng!”

Everyone was in silence and looked in disbelief at this guy who just entered not long ago. Who is this brat? Don’t understand the rules here? Interrupting someone’s play is such a rude thing to do!

Moreover, doing so in front of Master Feng, are you courting your own death?

Master Feng opened his eyes and looked at this young man in front, “You’re Su Hao?”

“Yes, I am.”

Su Hao respectfully said.

“En, I know about the task that you have completed.” Master Feng nodded, “These 3 days, stay here then. Today is my assessment of my disciples. You stay here and listen to them. It is good for your future. Then, I will ask some of them to teach you music foundation and allow you to complete the basic of playing the piano.”

After Master Feng said so, he then waved his hand as a sign to ask Su Hao to sit.

Su Hao, “...”

Instantly, Su Hao frowned. Asking a disciple to teach him? It seemed that Master Feng had investigated his data and knew that he didn’t learn how to play the piano before. Therefore, he had decided to ask his disciple to teach him music foundation. Once Su Hao was more familiar with music would he be taught casually. Just like that, 3 days would past.

If it was any other average person, they would definitely accept this with gratitude. After all, even the disciples were already in intermediate pianist level.

But for Su Hao, if he just wanted to learn the basics, what would he have spent all this effort for?

“Ding-”

The young man once again gently pressed on the piano key before once again being interrupted by a voice, “Master Feng, I heard that in a few days, you’re leaving Jianghe City?”

“Shua!”

Master Feng opened his eyes wide. Staring at Su Hao with an unpleasant look, Su Hao didn’t retreat and looked at Master Feng face to face!

All disciples looked at Su Hao in dissatisfaction. What is the problem with this brat?

It was finally the time for their assessment and this guy interrupted again and again! Wasn’t Master Feng already mentioned that after the assessment is done, he would arrange for his education?

Not even starting and yet, he had stepped on Master Feng’s tail. Is this brat retarded?

Master Feng stared at Su Hao and said in a flat tone, “Since you’re not willing to listen, I will ask someone to teach you music foundation then. Zhiping, you go and teach him.”

A young man who was sitting on the fifth seat looked at Su Hao disdainfully and then walked in front of Su Hao, “Come, follow me.”

Su Hao looked at him and motionless. Instead, he still calmly looked at Master Feng, “You still didn’t answer my question just now.”

“Hua~”

This sentence instantly stunned every disciple in the entire room.

“The nerve of this man!”

“Yes, forget about his rudeness, he even dared provoke master!”

“Yet he doesn’t look at himself in the mirror!”

“Well, wait. We will let him have a good time!”

Many people were cursing at him. The one called Liu Zhiping scolded Su Hao on the spot, “You’re Su Hao right? Who gave you the guts to create trouble here! You know what kind of identity Master Feng is? Extremely daring!”

Su Hao’s facial expression finally had a slight trace of change. Looking at this young man with a cold expression, he then said, “If you have the courage, say it again. Let’s see whether I will kill you or not!”

Su Hao’s terrifying killing intent began to leak out, sweeping toward the surroundings.

“Hong!”

These few days Su Hao had killed between 800 and 1000 people.

Liu Zhiping was enveloped by the killing intent. He could feel his body trembling, leaving his legs soft. He was just an ordinary pianist and usually had the protection of a bodyguard. Since when had he faced such a scene before?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0175 The Perseverance during those Years
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0175 The Perseverance during those Years

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

Silence.

The whole room was in total silence.

Su Hao casually glanced around. Those who made eye contact with Su Hao subconsciously lowered their heads. That horrifying aura really stunned everyone!

Hong!

A loud bang came from the door. A team of bodyguards entered. As the bodyguards of the Feng family, their ability to sensing killing intent was strong. They started to rush in almost at the same instant Su Hao released his killing intent.

However, after coming in, they were stunned by the scene before them for a moment.

It wasn’t anything like the battle to the death they had imagined. It was just a young man with killing intent as he had a war of eyes with Master Feng.

Liu Zhiping retreated from Su Hao in embarrassment after noticing the bodyguards. Pointing at Su Hao, he said, “He...wants to kill people. Quickly, catch him!”

“Go!” Several bodyguards surrounded Su Hao. He glanced at them for a second while maintaining his icy cold expression.

“Enough! You guys leave here now!” Master Feng was angry as he pointed at the bodyguards. “You guys leave here now! Who allowed you guys to enter?”

These bodyguards bitterly laughed. They could only walk out in embarrassment. This time, they were not sensitive enough to matters happening here. No matter what, they must never let Master Feng get involved in any mishap.

Only after chasing the bodyguards out did Master Feng look at Su Hao, “After so many years, you’re the first one daring enough to talk in such a tone to me. I, Feng Yongzhi, although not talented, I will absolutely honor my words!”

“Answer my question.” Su Hao didn’t retreat.

“Not bad. In three days, I will leave Jianghe City,” Master Feng declared.

“A good three days later!” Su Hao coldly laughed, “You’re leaving in three days. As for my task reward, it should be a three day private tutoring. Three days before leaving Jianghe City, you must personally teach me! And yet you are trying to drag me here, wasting time. What is your motive?”

Master Feng looked at him, “What do you want, then?”

Su Hao looked at him calmly, “My task reward. I want you to teach me personally for three days, and not these half-assed pianists.”

Master Feng looked at Su Hao coldly. Hie eyes revealed a disdainful look, “Little brat, don’t be too overbearing!”

“The one who is too overbearing is you!” Su Hao laughed. With a stomp on the ground, a tremor could be felt. This panicked the bodyguards outside and they almost rushed in again.

“Do you know how much effort I put in for this task? Let me tell you, a total of ten days! I lived in the wilderness for a full ten days! In those ten days, I was always on the edge between life and death. In those ten days, I can’t even remember how many people I killed! Luckily, I managed to complete it in the end!” Su Hao sneered.

“But what do I get in return? You ask these half-ass pianists to teach me? What you wrote in the task is all fake? Your daddy is risking his life for the guidance of several intermediate pianists? What they teach is worth tens of millions? If this is the case, I’m sorry. We will meet at the Origin Ability Association, then.”

Without fearing anything, Su Hao laid it all out, showing his determination.

In this matter, he was standing on the right side.

Even if he had to trouble the Origin Ability Association, the one who needed to compensate others in the end was Master Feng. According to the stated rules, if a task was completed, but not rewarded... Not to mention, this task was released jointly by Master Feng and the Origin Ability Association. If this matter became huge, Master Feng’s fame would most probably destroyed right here.

Thus, Su Hao had not the slightest fear. In this training hall, he was fighting the crowd without backing down.

The gloomy face of Master Feng finally changed. Looking at this determined young man in front of him, he asked in a slight amazed tone, “The century old wine task, you personally completed it?”

“Yes!” Su Hao nodded, “Without any background, coupled with the fact that I’m still a student, in order to get what I want, I have to do it myself.”

He did it himself? Master Feng was shocked.

All these years, he had so many rich disciples. In order to allow their sons to be his disciple, all sort of monies were spent!

Among those disciples, some had no respect, some were serious in learning, and some were kind and attentive.

All the disciples he accepted, each of them had their own colors in order to be true pianists, but...he had never met such person before.

In order to receive personal guidance from him for three days, this young man even went and risked his life!

When he released the task, he had already expected this might involve a fight between hunters, which wasn’t related to him at all. Life and death was a free fate. The current world was just such a cruel place. However, never did he expect there was such a young man accepting the task, too!

He had already seen Su Hao’s background. Indeed, Su Hao didn’t have any background!

But this young man, in order to realize his dream to become a pianist, went ahead and became an enemy with the hunters!

Such determination... such effort... just to get three days of guidance from him?

Suddenly, Master Feng remembered something. When he was young, in order to learn piano, he went to the music hall and begged. That determination and madness was the same as what he saw in front of him right now.

Now, how many people actually had the guts to struggle to achieve their dream?

Thinking of this, unknowingly, Master Feng’s eyes lit up, “Su Hao, great! I will teach you personally these three days, then!”

“Master!”

Liu Zhiping exclaimed and looked at his master in disbelief. Master even made an exception?

How could this be?

Although master was kind, he had a stubborn temper. The harsher you were, the tougher master would be! All these years, because of his character, he had offended a lot of people outside of his circle. However, master actually made an exception for Su Hao today!

Liu Zhiping couldn’t understand this.

“Go practice by yourselves,” Master Feng waved his hand as he asked everyone to disperse. Then he personally brought along Su Hao to the origin ability piano on the stage. Although the rest of the disciples went to their own pianos, their eyes couldn’t help but peek at the main stage. They were curious as to what Su Hao actually wanted to do.

“Before this, have you had any contact with an origin ability piano?” Master Feng pointed at the piano in front of them.

“Nope.” Su Hao shook his head honestly.

“Alright, I will teach you from the foundation, then.” Master Feng sat down in front of the piano, pointing at a certain part of the piano, “This is called -”

“Er, Master Feng...” Su Hao had to interrupt him again, but this time he had an embarrassed tone, “Master Feng, although I haven’t played such a piano before, I have seen the information about it.”

The surrounding disciples couldn’t help but laugh.

Moron!

Who the hell didn’t read the information before learning?

However, was the information you obtained from a book the same as a teacher? Especially since this was an explanation coming from a grandmaster! This brat actually dared to interrupt master’s explanation? This was simply seeking his own death.

“Oh? Try to explain, then.”

Master Feng didn’t get angry. Instead, he allowed Su Hao to explain.

Su Hao then introduced each and every part of the origin ability piano by himself. He even went further, explaining about the experiences of those using this piano crystal clearly!

“Great!” Master Feng’s was astonished. This Su Hao really gave him some surprises.

Self-study and being able to reach such a point was the act of a genius! Obviously, he didn’t know that the so-called experience of Su Hao was all coming from himself. Naturally Su Hao could explain all this with ease.

Teaching the theoretical basis didn’t last long.

Everyone was shocked to find out that in this aspect, Su Hao was simply in a different tier! He obviously hadn’t been in contact with any piano, yet he knew it so well! Master Feng even went on to ask several problems which might be encountered, and Su Hao easily gave the solutions.

Had Su Hao really never played an origin ability piano before?

Regarding this, Su Hao only answered that his theoretical basis in school was 190 points!

Super bookworm!

Theoretical basis even had knowledge from the study of music? Master Feng was puzzled, but in the end, he could only accept Su Hao’s explanation.

“If this is the case, then I no longer have to start from theory.” Master Feng sighed, “You’re the first person I have met to master so much knowledge before even starting.”

Su Hao felt embarrassed.

The surrounding disciples looked at him. Jealousy began to grow in their hearts as they watched him being praised by Master Feng .

After foundation instruction, it was time to practice.

Master Feng looked at Su Hao and asked, “What piano piece do you want to learn first?”

Su Hao answered without any hesitation, “Your most famous piece, of course!”

Pu...! Many people sprayed out water on the spot.

To learn Master Feng’s most famous piece?

Are you joking?

That was the piano origin ability technique!

Even for advanced pianists, those who could master this piece were few in number! At this moment, they felt that they were getting jealous at Su Hao too early. With such a person, what was there for them to be jealous of?

Master Feng also looked at Su Hao in a strange manner.

Although this time he felt that Su Hao’s talent was not bad, and his potential was pretty good too, but...to learn his signature piece, this Su Hao, was he naive or ignorant? However, thinking about it more, this Su Hao seemed to not know about the piano origin ability technique. He then finally understood the situation here.

“Alright, I will play it first.” Master Feng said. “Have a look yourself and tell me what you could learn from this.”

Su Hao respectfully walked down from the stage.

Master Feng sat before the piano and slowly hit the keys. The familiar melody and rhythm once again played out under Master Feng’s hands.

Just that, this time, it wasn’t a piano origin ability technique, but just ordinary playing mode.

However, a grandmaster had to be worthy of the name! What did grandmaster level piano performance signify?

Su Hao wasn’t sure. However, he knew that during the concert, an intermediate pianist’s skill allowed his origin ability to recover slowly. This time, with Master Feng playing, his origin ability energy began to skyrocket and recovered at a rapid rate. It was several times faster than the last time.

Finally... it was about to start!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0176 Breakthrough!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0176 Breakthrough!

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Nora.

Finally... It was about to begin!

Su Hao was excited but his face was unbelievably calm.

His origin ability energy was about to reach its maximum capacity. Without hesitation, Su Hao rushed to his beginner origin ability refinement.

Beginner origin ability refinement training—read!

“Hong!”

Under the influence of the origin ability energy, the progress bar which had been uncompleted for many days finally began to skyrocket. The beginner origin ability refinement card slowly began to transform from grey as it grew brighter and brighter.

56......

57......

58......

......

With excitement, Su Hao watched as the card slowly grew brighter, and completely forgot about the time. While anticipating the completion of the card, it was at that moment—

“Kacha!”

The music suddenly stopped.

Su Hao was shocked. He then realized that Master Feng had stopped playing.

5 minutes had passed!

Damn it!

It actually stopped at this moment!

Su Hao was a little depressed. This feeling was as if his climax was cut off just as he was about to reach it, such a feeling was miserable.

“How is your understanding of it? Master Feng asked kindly.

“That, can you please play that once again?” Su Hao cautiously asked.

“Play that once again?”

Master Feng was speechless but he soon laughed. “Anyway, in these three days, I will be teaching you. Since you have your own way, then let’s have it your way.”

After he finished speaking, Master Feng played that piece once again.

For a moment, Su Hao was excited. Master Feng, I really love you!

“Shua!”

Once again, his origin ability energy recovered. Without hesitation, Su Hao once again charged his card.

After a momentary halt, Su Hao’s progress soared again!

However, if Master Feng knew that the extremely diligent youth before him was using his piano piece to restore his origin ability energy, how would he feel?

5 minutes later.

Once again, the music stopped. Su Hao timidly said, “Master Feng, I am still slightly confused, I hope that you can play that once more.”

Master Feng’s face turned sour.

5 minutes later.

As the music stopped once again, Su Hao meekly asked, “Master Feng, can you please play that one more time? I feel that I am already at the threshold and that I will soon be able to understand it.”

Master Feng’s face became slightly darker.

Another 5 minutes later.

The music once again stopped. Su Hao satisfyingly said, “Master Feng, one last time. This time, I feel that I can certainly understand it!”

Master Feng’s face was completely black.

Another 5 minutes later...

After playing the piece for the sixth time in a row, Master Feng’s face had turned from black to green. As he saw that Su Hao’s lips were prepared to speak, he quickly interrupted him. “Su Hao, you have listened for half a day, why don’t you play for once?”

Su Hao answered in shock, “Can I really do so?”

“Of course, come and give it a try.” Master Feng nodded his head violently. Under normal circumstances, he would not allow a student who had not played the piano to destroy his famous musical piece before him. However, Su Hao would say that he was about to understand every time. As such, why not destroy him into pieces then? This kid should not be intentionally toying with him right?

After he performed for six consecutive times for a full 30 minutes, his hands grew weak!

Ever since he became famous, he had not played for such a long time. After all, his past performances were all focused on quality, since when was it focused on quantity...

“Then I won’t hold back.”

Su Hao sat at the origin ability piano before him.

This was his first time coming into contact with an origin ability piano but he did not have the slightest sign of fear. This was because he was already too familiar with it. The only thing that was heartbreaking to him was... that performing would consume a large amount of origin ability energy. For someone who needed a huge amount of origin ability energy like him, to waste it in such manner was too disgraceful! However, after he saw Master Feng’s unpleasant face, he thought that if he did not play, he was afraid that Master Feng would try and kill him first...

“Cough cough.”

Letting out a cough, walked to the origin ability piano that was in front of him, as if he knew how to play it.

However, his actions were like a rough imitation. He completely lacked the grace of a piano master. The surrounding students all jeered and laughed, this kind of standard... really was...

“Ding-”

Su Hao softly pressed a key. The moment he touched the piano keys, countless memories flashed in his mind. He has seen this song in Master Feng’s memories countless times and he was familiar with it to the point that he could play the piano origin ability technique. Therefore, since he performed in the normal mode, he was naturally a master at it.

Beautiful notes rang out in the hall. The melody was almost perfect and the rhythm flowed like water. This dumbfounded the students—they were prepared to watch a humiliation.

It was simply—sublime!

Even Master Feng stood up. As he saw this scene, he was shocked to witness Su Hao using a choppy and unfamiliar technique to deduce this piece of piano music.

From Su Hao’s actions, it could be easily seen that this was his first performance because it was too choppy. However, due to his experience with the origin ability piano, Master Feng could clearly see that Su Hao was getting more and more familiar with the piano. The performance was slowly approaching perfection.

“This standard.....”

Master Feng was so excited that he could not contain himself. He could not help but to hum along. Even if it was not a play that utilized the origin ability technique, Master Feng was able to deduce that this type of normal playing mode was beyond even the skill and standard of a few of his well-known disciples!

Genius!

Along with the passing of time, Su Hao’s familiarity level rose again.

Master Feng relentlessly stared at Su Hao. He saw a song that was slowly gaining perfection... a familiar melody reverberated in his mind. This almost perfect feeling had not appeared in a very long time.

This time, did he really see the birth of a genius?

1 minute... 2 minutes... As Master Feng began to grow excited but at this moment.

“Crack-”

The music abruptly stopped.

Master Feng had been so excited that his face was as red as a tomato, when the music suddenly stopped there, he blankly lifted his head. Where was the music? To have the play stop at such a crucial moment gave him an extremely unsatisfactory feeling.

Su Hao shook his head regretfully. “I only understood up to this part, the latter part is still under analysis. I will only be able to master it after listening a few more times.”

“Then why didn’t you say so earlier!”

Master Feng looked at him angrily. “Go away! Let me perform.”

Once he finished his words, Master Feng went up the stage again and sat before the piano. He looked at Su Hao’s eyes. “I will play a few more times, when you have mastered it, remember to let me know.”

“Yes, Master!”

Su Hao said respectfully.

However, he secretly laughed inside. The feeling of getting stuck after almost reaching the climax must be very unsatisfactory.. heh heh.

The beautiful music once again began to float.

Just like before, Su Hao surged towards the completion of the card within his body!

Charge! Charge! Charge!

“Hong!”

The overflowing origin ability within his body began to fluctuate. The recovery of his origin ability energy increased rapidly.

It really was unknown how many times stronger Master Feng’s standard was compared to the recovery speed provided by an intermediate piano master! However, in this world, there was only one person who could cause the piano master to tirelessly restore his origin ability!

80......

81......

82......

Su Hao had already completely forgotten the time because in his mind, there was only one matter.

And that was to charge, charge, and continue charging!

After ten days of life and death battles, the time of reaping the rewards finally came. How could he let go of this golden opportunity? He was completely soaked in the comprehension of his own zone.

However, this created a very strange scenario.

On one side, Master Feng was playing with all his strength while Su Hao sat beside him. Su Hao’s eyes were closed, as if he was enjoying the beautiful music.

The surrounding students were completely dumbfounded...

What was this?

Although the reward stated that it was three days worth of guidance but a dignified master should not give Su Hao such treatment! Since when did Master Feng’s temper become so good?

For half a day’s worth of time, up until the afternoon, the music continued for a long period of time before it slowly stopped.

Master Feng’s face grew slightly pale as his body had some sweat. There were a few bottles of advanced origin ability recovery drug bottles to his right. After playing for a few hours, even a master’s origin ability energy would not be enough to support it. After not playing like a madman for so many years, Master Feng’s face was filled with fatigue.

“Do you understand now?”

Master Feng completely ignored his own fatigue. His eyes were firmly set on Su Hao.

Su Hao slowly opened his eyes and a ray of light flashed through.

It was done!

Just now, the intermediate military fighting technique had broken through using the limitless amount of origin ability energy. The progress had been completed! Many broken pieces of information appeared within his mind and all memory related to Zhao Feng’s daily training: how he trained, the process of training, the fighting style that he held the most expertise in... Countless information flashed inside his mind.

Moreover, due to Su Hao’s extraordinarily strong foundation towards the beginner military fighting technique, this intermediate military fighting technique was simply natural to him. With the addition of Zhao Feng’s experience, he was able to quickly and completely master this new skill.

Su Hao felt that he could completely grasp everything within a few days time!

“Hong!”

Su Hao waved his arms in the air twice and bursts of wind accompanied his movements.

Although he punched the air, it contained a chilling intent. The intermediate military fighting technique was indeed much stronger!

This action did not matter but it completely scared the students around him. As they saw Su Hao’s whole body explode with a strong momentum, some were scared to the point where they fell of their chairs.

Damn you!

He only asked if you understood, why did you strike a blow?

As Su Hao heard the falling noises around him, he opened his eyes and smiled awkwardly. He then quickly said to Master Feng, “Master, I would like to try.”

“Okay.”

Master Feng stepped aside.

Su Hao took a deep breath and sat before the piano.

I really love you?

He had already mastered it long ago!

“Ding-”

Beautiful notes were again released from his hands. Even though they had been prepared due to what had happened in the morning, the students were still shocked by him. It was the same perfect pitch as earlier. If not for them staring at Su Hao, they really would have thought that the music was personally played by Master Feng. It almost seemed as if there no differences.

1 piano piece was not long.

Within 5 minutes, Su Hao finished played.

But, the training hall was completely silent. Everyone’s faces revealed looks of shock, was this... was this really a student who had just enrolled today?

Was this really a student who had previously never touched an origin ability piano?

Based on the standards of this song, his skills were already higher than the intermediate pianists in the crowd!

He was only second to Master Feng!

If it were not for that strange feeling that occurred from coming into contact with the origin ability piano for the first time, perhaps he would have reached the same level as Master Feng a long time ago! This level of talent was simply astonishing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0177 Are you willing to be my disciple?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0177 Are you willing to be my disciple?

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

“Great! Great!”

Master Feng said so in a state of excitement. His non-stop demonstration for a few hours had not wasted his efforts.

It was worthy of him to do so for Su Hao’s talent.

For a piano master...

He would rather work hard for a talented disciple than waste his words on one without talent. As for Su Hao’s first impression, if not because of the task, Master Feng probably would not have bothered with him but Su Hao’s almost perfect performance really made him stunned.

Su Hao’s talent was without any doubt!

Such talent... could become his disciple?

Master Feng’s heart started to move.

“You... are you willing to be my disciple?” Master Feng excitedly asked as he looked at Su Hao.

“Kacha!”

The thing held by Liu Zhiping felt to the ground. His whole body felt weak. In fact, at this moment, the whole hall was in total silence that a needle dropping could be heard. They were all stunned at the scene in front.

Master Feng actually took the initiative to accept a disciple!

This brat... his luck was too good to be true.

Everyone was pondering in jealousy, during their time, they had to suffer all sort of hardships and spend countless costs, coupled with their good talent before finally becoming master’s disciple. And this Su Hao, he was instead approached by Master Feng first.

This was an honor!

“This...”

Not only were they dumbfounded even Su Hao, himself, was stunned too.

WTF!

This is playing a bit too far!

Why was he so perfect? Because he personally learned all these from Master Feng anyway. Just that it was through some underhanded method. As long as he trained a few more times, he would definitely be skillful enough to match Master Feng.

However, his original purpose was to let Master Feng play for him due to his great talent. Never would he thought that Master Feng would take the initiative to approach him to become his master.

It was just a piano song, what was there to be surprised? If I am playing using the piano origin ability technique, then would you all have been shocked to death?

Su Hao was at a loss.

Obviously, as an outsider, Su Hao didn’t understand the representative meaning of this piano piece for Master Feng and also the difficulty! At least the intermediate pianist level was required to play such a piece. An ordinary beginner pianist definitely would not be able to do so. As for mastering the advanced piano technique...

Only a few advanced pianists are able to do so...

Such an extremely difficult music piece and yet it was able to be interpreted by a newbie to perfection, this was a shocking event!

“Si-”

The sound of air being sucked in could be heard from the surrounding. This time, Su Hao had to consider this problem. To accept or not?

Each choice had its own advantage. The influence of Master Feng was pretty huge. However, he had to consider one thing and that was time!

Who is Master Feng?

To take the initiative in accepting a disciple, he would naturally use all his time to train Su Hao, but did Su Hao had such a luxurious amount of time?

The college entrance exam was pretty soon. All his spare time would be used for training.

Now or even later, he would not have much time to practice the piano because his dream wasn’t here!

To become a full-time master pianist?

If he really had such a plan, what was there for him to work that hard? Drug master, building master, he just had to pick any of them and he had the confidence to be one of the best.

But then, so what?

The reason for learning pharmacy was to aid his training while learning the piano was to control and heal the crazy mentality due to his frequent killing. It could be considered a good aid in his training too.

From start till the end, his one dream was to...

Enrol at Zhanzheng College!

To become the so-called legendary strongest esper!

After all his efforts, the condition in his house had improved. With millions of star dollars in his possession, he no longer needed to worry about his family. Now he could concentrate on realizing his dream. Not to mention, there was Chen Yiran. There were still quite a lot of matters to be handled and all of them required him to increase his strength.

After pondering for quite some time, Su Hao finally gave his answer, “I refuse.”

Xia!

Feng Yongzhi was startled. Looking at the calm young man in front of him, for so many years, this was the first time he took the initiative to ask and had been rejected! He almost thought that he had heard it wrong! He as a grandmaster, had been rejected by a newbie who just started learning piano?

“Have you really consider it properly?”

Master Feng coldly asked. His face was quite ugly. No matter how good his temper is, being slapped on his face in such a way was really an ugly scene.

The surrounding disciples were in total silence. Nobody dared to speak out, only looking at Su Hao as if looking at a madman.

This brat, was he crazy?

He even dared to refuse Master Feng?

“I have considered it properly.”

Su Hao calmly nodded and didn’t show any color of regret.

“Alright. My energy had been consumed all. As for the rest, let them handle it for you then.” Master Feng turned around after saying so.

Today had brought a lot of stimulation to him.

Su Hao’s determination allowed him to recall his early days... Su Hao’s talent allowed him to get excited... Su Hao’s refusal let him disheartened.

His calm mind as a grandmaster pianist for so many years had been completely disrupted.

Liu Zhiping was the first one to point finger at Su Hao, “What are you doing? How dare you reject my master? What qualification do you have to disregard to his request?”

“True, look at yourself in the mirror.”

“Just because you can play a piece, don’t think that you’re so great. I can do that too.”

“Who knows he might have actually trained in private. How could master look up at such a person.”

Facing the crowd’s accusations, Su Hao’s face didn’t change, “Fellow members, just now Master Feng said that his energy had been consumed. For the rest of the day, you guys would be handling it. Hehe...”

Shua!

Everyone’s face instantly turned pale.

Today’s Master Feng playing like a madman on the stage was still fresh in their mind. Even Master Feng nearly couldn’t hold it anymore, if they went up on the stage, they would be courting their own deaths.

Thinking of this, everyone retreated.

“Er, I still have a piano piece which I haven’t finish comprehending.” A young man instantly spoke up and returned to his seat.

“Aiyaya, right. It is such a coincidence. I also have one which I need to master.” Another disciple also spoke up.

“Recently I have this feeling that I’m about to breakthrough to an advanced pianist.” A man who had just achieved intermediate pianist three days ago said so without any shame and left.

In just a moment, those group of disciples nearly all left.

Liu Zhiping was completely dumbfounded while pointing at them. His fingers were shaking with anger, “How could you guys...”

“Pa!”

Su Hao patted his shoulder and smiled sinisterly, “Young man, in order to fulfill the task reward by your master, I will leave it to you.”

“I....”

Liu Zhiping swallowed a bit of his saliva. His face was a bit pale, “I also have one piano piece which I haven’t....”

“No problem, let’s study it together.”

Su Hao put his arm around Liu Zhiping’s shoulder, “Who knows I might be able to help you.”

“Oh.”

Just like that, Liu Zhiping was dragged by Su Hao away. The surrounding disciples looked at him with pity. None of them were fools! Who was willing to be tortured by Su Hao! Today’s experience had made them learn something new.

Three days passed by in a blink of an eye.

Having to say so, Master Feng really had the quality of a grandmaster.

These two days, following the request of Master Feng, Su Hao learned about the etiquette required by a pianist and also become a real beginner pianist.

This made the disciples in the training hall shocked again.

Being a beginner pianist was very important. This meant that you had finally gotten rid of your identity as a newbie and officially entered the field of a pianist!

During their times, they had to spend a few months and were hailed as a genius, before ultimately becoming Master Feng’s disciples.

And this Su Hao only used three days!

This had already exceeded the scope of jealousy and it was a level which they could only admire. This made them realize...comparing man with man would instead anger yourself.

Just that, if they knew that this newbie who they respected had already reached the intermediate pianist level, how would they feel?

“Intermediate pianist, done!”

Su Hao’s mind was excited.

These three days of time, he didn’t waste a single second. Finding a card wasn’t easy but with these pianists, it was too easy!

Intermediate pianist was the minimum requirement to master intermediate music foundation, intermediate origin ability control and another skill named theoretical piano essence.

After Su Hao locked onto his target, he would begin to madly create new cards.

Without being accompanied by Master Feng, he dragged Liu Zhiping to play. Once Liu Zhiping couldn’t go on anymore, he would then change his target to another disciple. These two days, all the disciples of Master Feng had turned green...

Unfortunately, this was a reward which their master needed to fulfill.

Sharing worry with their master is what each disciple should do. Thus, they could only risk their life accompanying this madman. After these two days passed, they didn’t know how they managed to live through this hell. They, who loved the piano so much, were forced to continuously play to the point of almost vomiting at the sight of a piano.

Su Hao, used the excuse of trying to gain comprehension, had patiently listened to them play the piano.

Within two days, Su Hao dragged six intermediate pianists and requested them to play the music piece which they were familiar with until they collapsed. Finally, he came up with a sentence, “Well, the gap is too huge. If Master Feng personally played it, I’m afraid I should have already had comprehended it by now.”

Almost all disciples spat out blood on the spot.

Of course, if they were to know the reason Su Hao kept asking them to play was to recover his origin ability energy, what would they feel...

Su Hao looked at several cards within his mind and was extremely satisfied.

Beginner origin ability refinement, done!

Intermediate military fighting technique, done!

Intermediate music foundation, done!

Intermediate origin ability control, done!

Theoretical piano essence, done!

Intermediate piano performance, done!

This was the result of his three days here, a total of six cards! And among them, there were three cards, the ones enhancing his overall strength.

Beginner origin ability refinement, 100 points.

Intermediate military fighting technique, 70 points. Excluding 50 points from beginner military fighting technique, there were a total of a 20 point increase.

Intermediate origin ability control, 70 points. Excluding beginner origin ability control, another 20 point boost!

In short, he had increased a total of 140 points at once! Reassessing his origin ability, previously his 13.5 points in origin ability had now increased to 14.9!

This enhancement was, without doubt, a huge one.

Intermediate military fighting technique, for the time being, he would not get into it yet. After he finished training beginner origin ability refinement and intermediate origin ability mastery, his energy consumption had been greatly eased. Based on Su Hao’s estimation, once these two skills superimpose with each other, he would only use one-tenth of his original consumption rate.

On the other hand, it was equivalent to his origin ability energy increasing 10 times!

These three days, the harvest was pretty good.

Su Hao was satisfied.

However, that didn’t mean the others were satisfied.

“Hong!”

A hand slammed on the table with full force, Liu Zhiping ran off in anger, “This daddy is not doing this anymore!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0178 What’s done is done, it’s too late to change anything now
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0178 What’s done is done, it’s too late to change anything now

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

“You sit down!”

Master Feng gave him a stare, “Are you trying to give me problems too?”

“Master, I am not satisfied!”

Liu Zhiping furiously said, “Master, these three days is your assignment reward, and all the students have no opinion on that. But how does this type of person qualify to be a pianist? He doesn’t care about improving and possess a terrible behavior. For three consecutive days, all he heard was just this piano piece. He has heard it several hundred times by now. He was just toying around with me and other disciples.”

“Since he looks down on pianists, what makes him qualified to be a pianist?”

It looked as if what was said by Liu Zhiping had stirred the crowd’s anger.

Yes, in these few days it was obvious that Su Hao was embarrassing them!

Quickly, all the students stood up and complained about the misery they endured in the past 2 days, and they directly described Su Hao as a cynical brat, the reason of him coming was to completely satisfy his own ego. You say he is not like this? Look, he even declined to be Master Feng’s student. Wasn’t that because he looked down on pianist?

The crowd had divided opinions, Master Feng looked at Su Hao, “I broke my rules to give you a beginner pianist certificate, it was because I was stunned by your talent, and hoped that you would stay with Piano Association. But, since there are so many doubters, let’s have an assessment. Of course, if you wish to do so.”

“Heh.”

Su Hao gave an indifferent smile, the identity of a pianist, to him was not very useful.

However, if he let these people doubt him, does that mean that he would not be able to execute the next part of his plan?

Towards the doubt of the crowd, Su Hao did not have anything to say. Slowly walking towards the origin ability piano which was placed in the middle, he faced Master Feng and gave him a slight bow in a gorgeous and graceful manner. It was what he learned from the etiquette course these two days.

“Within these few days this student had some realizations, so I let the seniors play a few more times, and now using my comprehension, I would ask Master Feng for some guidance.”

Master Feng nodded slightly.

Liu Zhiping sneered, “After listening to a piano piece for hundreds of times, what did you actually realize? Didn’t you already know this song earlier? What are you pretending!”

Su Hao sighed and glanced at him, “You have to be diligent in everything that you do, then you can realize, these few days you have been too impulsive. For this song, every day I would have one new realization. After listening to it hundreds of times, then there was some improvement. That was why I am brave enough to perform here. You still have a lot to learn.”

“You!”

As he saw Su Hao who was acting like an unteachable child giving him a lesson, Liu Zhiping’s anger rose! A student who had just joined for three days even dared to start teaching him?

Unfortunately, at this moment Su Hao had already sat in front of the origin ability piano.

He took a deep breath and the whole hall went silent, this was the respect given to the pianist.

The whole place was frighteningly quiet. Master Feng and the others who sat close by were waiting for Su Hao’s performance. Either acting indifferent, smiling sarcastically or scornfully, everyone’s eyes were different. However, they were also very doubtful, what improvements could the current Su Hao have after a perfect rendition of this song was played three days ago?

Could it be that he was still unable to adapt?

In the midst of the silence, Su Hao closed his eyes and understood the freedom surrounding him, his heart was completely at peace. His body’s origin ability energy got stimulated, it was that familiar feeling, that familiar song.

Unable to refrain, Su Hao lightly pressed on the origin ability piano.

“Hong!”

The piano rang out lightly. But it was as if a bolt came from out of the blue, such scene caused everyone in the hall to be awakened!

This was...

Piano origin ability technique!

The frantic origin ability reverberated throughout the entire practice hall. From that moment, it was as if they returned to their origins, they returned to the time of their youths and went back to their choppy first love. Subconsciously, everyone was reminiscing within themselves. Only Master Feng stood up trembling as he was astonished watching this scene.

5 minutes was neither a long nor short time for the song be completed.

“Piano! Origin! Ability! Technique!

Liu Zhiping swallowed his saliva and suppressed that shock. Anyhow, he couldn’t comprehend that Su Hao had actually mastered this piano origin ability technique!

And this was the toughest song!

And that was a song that many advanced pianists wouldn’t dare to touch!

“Ha ha”

Master Feng’s depressed heart was finally set free, no wonder this kid didn’t ask him to be his master. With such talent, such future... He, Feng Yongzhi, perhaps really does not have such qualifications! Even his famous song was completely mastered by Su Hao? What else was there that he could teach Su Hao?

However, after seeing Su Hao’s performing this song with his hands, his heart was very satisfied.

“Like this, I should be able to qualify as a pianist.” Su Hao laughed.

Liu Zhiping smiled bitterly.

Su Hao had even mastered the piano origin ability technique, who still dared to doubt him?

“Of course!”

Master Feng lamented and said, “The next generation truly has ousted the previous generation. This song was composed out of love, if you don’t have deep emotions, it would be impossible to play with such perfection. From your piano playing, I could hear your deep emotions. From the looks of it, you have someone that you are sentimentally attached to.”

Su Hao nodded in dejection, “I regret that I am not able to see my heart’s desire.”

“Oh?”

Master Feng’s interest was piqued, “Why do you say so?”

Su Hao glanced left and right, feeling a bit embarrassed.

Immediately Master Feng laughed loudly, “Come, follow me to the hall and let us talk about it there. After all these years, you are the first person who played this piano origin ability technique piece as a beginner. I really want to hear, what kind of feelings that would cause you to be so emotional!”

Liu Zhiping was at a loss as he watched Master and Su Hao depart.

One song, really could express so many feelings?

Using this method, of listening to a music piece a few times, one really can actually reach such comprehension?

As he thought of this, Liu Zhifeng suddenly turned and saw a youth, and fiercely said to him, “Junior student, can you play this piece for me until I understand it?!”

Junior student, “....”

The night was peaceful.

During the night of Jianghe City, it has always been bustling with life.

The Chen family’s floral villa was extraordinarily lively as tomorrow was their young mistress’s coming of age. At this moment the place was busily making preparations, especially within the villa, which was decorated with lights. It was a festival that has never been seen before.

On the balcony of the 2nd floor, two young girls who were in pajamas quietly stared at the sky.

“You say, will he come...” one young girl quietly asked, but from the way she pinched her little pinky, it can be seen that she was very worried.

“Puff-”

The other young girl immediately laughed, “Chen Yiran, my young mistress, since when you have become so worried?”

“Disgusting!”

Chen Yiran amusedly hit her for a bit, “Yue Ying, I am serious. If you make any trouble, I won’t let you sleep here today.”

“Okay okay okay, I won’t tease you anymore.”

Yue Ying laughed, “I think... Hmm.. It’s not about him coming, but rather, do you wish for him to come?”

“I don’t know.” Chen Yiran was slightly lost, “I wish for him come. But I am afraid of what happens if he comes. In fact, I don’t know how to face him if he really comes.”

“You, ah.”

Yue Ying bit her lips, “Young mistress, anyhow you are the school’s goddess, do you really have to be so worried? This type of romantic matter, let Su Hao think about it. Anyway according to my understanding, this guy is a standard for all macho men, hmm... surely you don’t have to worry. You should just wait and see.”

“That’s true.”

Chen Yiran smiled sweetly.

Last time, wasn’t it like this?

When she was in a dilemma and didn’t know what to do, even when she made the decision to ignore Sun Yaotian, Su Hao was like a hero appearing before her and settled everything under his control.

At that moment, her heart felt very warm.

“For goodness sake, I cannot take it anymore!”

Yue Ying sported a speechless look, “Young mistress, do you have to be in a such a state of longing? Please! Please consider the feelings of the crowd!”

“Envious, if you are envious then you should also look for one.”

Chen Yiran giggled as she retorted.

“Aiyo, why do you recover so quickly?” Yue Ying closed her eyes. “Actually I feel that it shouldn’t be too difficult if you two want to be together. I have a good idea.”

“What idea?” Chen Yiran’s eyes lit up.

Yue Ying laughed happily, like a mouse who managed to steal something to eat, “You can turn raw rice into cooked rice. At that point, when you carry a baby home, let’s see what you dad dares to say then.”

“Disgusting!”

Chen Yiran’s face blushed, and she charged towards Yue Ying, wanting to scratch her.

“Aiyaya, Chen Yiran, you perverted girl. Don’t touch me.” Yue Ying screamed sharply as she quickly dodged and counter-attacked.

“Hmph, you are the perverted one.”

As they chased each other from the balcony until the bedroom, they stopped after fooling around for a bit.

Chen Yiran’s face still revealed some worry, she looked at Yue Ying and asked, “Hmm.. that idea, would it really work?”

Instantly Yue Ying was dumbstruck.

“Putong!”

As she fell on the bed speechless, Yue Ying mumbled to herself, “My goodness! I am going to collapse, what soup did Su Hao give you to drink...”

The night had gone really dark.

In front of the Feng family villa, a young man slowly walked out, impressively it was Su Hao.

Because of the piano origin ability technique, he and Master Feng were chatting for a long time. Concerning Chen Yiran, and every single thing about her, he roughly told Master Feng. Master Feng went into deep thought. For someone like him who deeply loved his wife, he naturally knew what was that feeling. And so, when Su Hao earnestly made a request, he agreed without hesitation.

As the human life was short and bitter, the people in front of him must be cherished.

After the passing of his wife, he had nobody to talk about his many thoughts. If not for the existence of his family, he perhaps would have gone a long time ago. Su Hao’s feelings and perseverance, it was as he saw a mirror image of himself. Not to mention, Su Hao’s astonishing talent, made him feel that Su Hao will remain in the piano industry, and will display his extraordinary brilliance.

“Finally done!”

Su Hao raised his lips and smiled a little. In order for his someone to happily celebrate the birthday, he had to put in a lot of effort.

Even though the process was difficult, but fortunately, Master Feng agreed.

“Ding-”

A strange sound rang out, Su Hao raised an eyebrow. His communication device was set to vibration mode, why did it ring?

Suddenly, it was as if Su Hao thought of something, he quickly grabbed the communication device from his pocket. The display screen light flashed on and it displayed many urgent messages.

After looking at them, Su Hao was startled.

After a while, Su Hao then slowly pocketed his communication device. As he looked towards the Chen family, his eyes flashed with coldness, “Tomorrow’s coming of age ceremony... looks like it’s fated not to be peaceful...”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0179 Sun Yaotian’s gift
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0179 Sun Yaotian’s gift

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Nora.

The term ‘coming of age ceremony’, was only used by well off families.

For an average family like Su Hao’s, nobody would celebrate this so called coming of age ceremony. He vaguely remembered that during his 18th birthday, his mother only added an extra egg to his meal...

That was it.

But it was that simple egg that made his heart warm for the whole day. Every time he recalled that day, he felt blessed. A person’s 18th birthday, no matter how it was celebrated, would always be an important day of their life.

Thus, Chen Yiran’s coming of age ceremony was a must go for him!

That whole day, Su Hao secretly prepared something. Even if Su Ling got curious and asked him, Su Hao would just ask her to go away.

Su Hao only came back in the evening and he looked extremely exhausted

“Bro, what happened?”

When Su Ling noticed that her brother had returned, she quickly went and held him. Her eyebrows wrinkled. “You used too much energy. Bro, what have you done?”

“Nothing.” Su Hao smiled. “Let me change my clothes before I go.”

Su Ling then let him lay down on the sofa. With her small chest out, she acted strong. “You better behave well and sit here!”

Su Hao was confused.

After letting Su Hao sit down comfortably, she used her small hands to gently massage his shoulder, “Bro, have a rest. Later, when you go to Sister Yiran’s coming of age ceremony, I’m sure you don’t want her to see you like this.”

“En.”

Su Hao closed his eyes.

He had done what he needed to prepare. Tonight, it was destined to be a feast...

“Hong!”

A lightning struck down and illuminated the sky of Jianghe City.

Somehow, today’s weather felt a little different.

Chen family, floral villa.

Countless people had gathered here. Most members of the rich circles in Jianghe City could be seen.

It was not all because of Chen Yiran. 90 percent of the people here did not even know this young mistress of Chen family. For them, it was just a gathering to know more people.

Enemies, friends, allies, whatever information you wanted could be obtained here.

As to eight in the evening approached, the party had already started long ago. Everyone present looked extraordinary and elegant. You could easily observe groups of three to four that chatted with each other and occasionally laughed. This was how Jianghe City’s high class society acted.

At exactly eight in the evening, the noises gradually disappeared. Everyone looked up and saw a girl slowly walked down from the stairs at the corner of the hall. Dressed in a white dress, the exquisite lace revealed her snowy white legs. Her tall and slim figure made the dreamy body curve even more noticeable.

“Si~”

Everyone sucked in a mouthful of cold air. They were already used to the usual Chen Yiran. However, never had they expected that today when she wore a little dress she would become like a goddess and stun everyone.

Chen Yiran faintly smiled and took a glance at the crowd for a bit. A trace of disappointment was revealed on her face.

He... still has not come?

She stepped aside in sadness as Chen Haonian and his wife came down from the stairs. Both of them wore their best formal wear. Naturally, they looked forward to their only daughter’s coming of age ceremony!

When he noticed the look of his daughter, Chen Haonian was instead relieved!

Su Hao did not come!

This was great!

In such a situation, if Su Hao came, it would bring quite a big trouble. After all, with so many rumors circulating about, quite a number already knew at least a bit of their matter. Sometimes, if the matter escalated out of control, that would not do any good for either of them. Not to forget that...today, he had a more important matter to attend!

“Haha, Old Chen. I did not arrive late right?”

A domineering voice could be heard. Sun Batian came from outside and the steps he took were huge and full of confidence.

“Of course not.”

Chan Haonian smiled. “Without you, how could I dare to start the banquet?”

“Well said!”

Sun Batian laughed. “I guess we should start it now. After all, everyone is here to participate in Yiran’s coming of age ceremony and not yours. You can’t just let everyone wait in hunger man.”

Everyone burst into laughter.

Chen Haonian was helpless. “Since Chairman Sun has already spoken, then let’s start the banquet. This beloved daughter of us, born under the chaotic era of origin ability, more or less also had us worry about her well being. Now that she has reached 18 years of age, it can be considered as one of our wishes being fulfilled. Thank you so much for coming here and blessing us. We have nothing much but make sure you eat to your heart’s content.”

“Nonono.”

“You’re too humble.”

“Big brother Chen, you can’t say it like that.” A thirty to forty year old fat man stood up, feeling dissatisfied. “We are all here because of our young miss. In order to prepare a gift for the young miss, I have traveled to a lot of places. Since nobody has spoken about it yet let me—Pangzi—bless her first.”

Having said this, Pangzi took out a green jade box and handed it over.

Everyone showed a look of interest.

To present the gift before the banquet was indeed an interesting event. In Jianghe City, many companies would love to cooperate with Chen family. If they were able to send a gift that was to young miss’ Chen’s liking, then with a wave from Chen Haonian, their company future would soar up into the sky—even if they had to cling to the Chen family’s thighs.

As for the big business companies, the kind of gifts you sent represented how big your company was. If you were being stingy and send a cheap gift, everyone would look down on you and no longer have the interest to cooperate with you in future.

Chen Haonian handed it to his daughter. Chen Yiran gently pushed the jade box and her eyes revealed a trace of surprise. It was a heaven snow jade ginseng. This was a very valuable herb! Under the influence of origin ability, consuming this herb would greatly increase the quality of the body’s energy. It was at least worth tens of millions!

“Damn! Heaven snow jade ginseng!”

“It is really that!”

“This time, Pangzi is too ruthless!”

Everyone exclaimed and felt helpless. This bastard Pangzi. He had already sent out an expensive gift as the first one, what about them? Their gifts, how could they present them?

“Not bad.”

As he looked at his daughter, Chen Haonian was somehow satisfied. “Pangzi, it seems that nowadays, your business is not bad.”

“Hehe, it is all thanks to Brother Chen who takes good care of me.”

As Pangzi laughed, his heart understood. This relation, he had obtained it!

When they saw Pangzi raise his flag of victory, everyone began to send their gifts. All sort of magical drugs, cultivation techniques and jewelry were presented... but besides the heaven snow jade ginseng at the start, Chen Yiran’s face no longer showed the slightest change.

Yue Ying quietly appeared next to Chen Yiran. She grabbed Chen Yiran’s little hands and felt a burst of coldness. Only Yue Ying could understand the current mood of Chen Yiran.

Just now, she had specifically gone and walked around outside yet Su Hao could not be seen.

This could only mean one thing... Su Hao really did not come!

“Yue Ying,” Chen Yiran said in a soft tone.

“Don’t worry.”

Yue Ying consoled her. “If he is determined, he would definitely come.”

“Really?”

Chen Yiran pinched the corner of her dress as she looked at Yue Ying before she burst into laughter. This young miss, who never had never used any makeup before, had stayed in the room for three hours straight just to learn how to use makeup and dress beautifully from Yue Ying—all to let Su Hao catch a glimpse of it.

Too bad, it was a pity...

Yue Ying sighed in her heart.

Soon, everyone’s gifts were presented.

In addition to the Sun and Chen families, the two other families of the four families of Jianghe City—the Zhou and Yue family—also presented their gifts. Everyone was shocked by the scale of the gifts. However, everyone knew well that this time, the main focus was Sun family!

Sun family and Chen family had a very close relation. It was to the point that Chen Yiran and Sun Yaotian had a relationship contract on paper. However, there were recently rumors that because of the existence of another young man, there seemed to be a trace of a crack between them. If both families went to a war, in the end, only the other parties who were cannon fodder would suffer the most.

But well, luckily it seemed to be just a rumor.

Could you not see this scene in front? That Sun family was the only one that had not presented their gifts yet?

Regardless of whether the person existed or not, if he did not appear at such an important occasion, this could only mean that his qualifications had been eliminated!

“Only Sun family is left.”

“Yes... I already told you, how could young miss Chen love an ordinary student.”

“True, I heard that the young man is the number one student in the natural selection class, Su Hao. But now, it seems to be just a rumor. Although that Su Hao seems to have performed quite well in his results, the gap between him and Chen family is still huge.”

“If the rumors were true, then this Su Hao would be even more incredible. In such an important occasion but he did not appear. Someone who only knows how to hide, what is the use of them?”

“I also heard about it. A poor student with no future, how could he be in any relationship with someone like young miss Chen.”

Everyone whispered among themselves in discussion. At the same time, their eyes all looked at Sun family.

Sun family was the last one to present their gift. It must be one hell of a gift. Even those gifts worth millions could not move the heart of Chen Yiran, what did the Sun family plan to give then?

Everyone looked forward to it!

Chen Yiran’s face was a bit pale. Her right hand held tightly onto Yue Ying’s hand. “He... didn’t come.”

“So many people were present. Perhaps, he was considering your reputation.” Yue Ying comforted her.

“I know.”

Chen Yiran sighed. “Just that I’m a bit sad.”

How could it be just a bit sad!

Yue Ying laughed bitterly at her expression and quickly changed the topic. “You say, what kind of gift would Sun family give it to you.”

“Not interested.”

Chen Yiran shook her head.

Yue Ying gently smiled. “Then this is not necessary. Look at that young master Sun. At this time, he seems to be quite satisfied. Who knows, maybe he would give you a surprise.”

“He?”

Chen Yiran said in a mocking tone, “It has been so many years, you think I don’t know his character? He is just a prodigal son. Whatever gift prepared by him was definitely due to the influence of his family.”

Yue Ying shook her head. “This is not necessarily true. Hey, he is coming.”

Under the watchful eyes of everyone, Sun Yaotian walked toward Chen Yiran with a smile. “Yiran, happy birthday!”

Chen Yiran frowned and did not say anything.

Sun Yaotian seemed to not be bothered and continued in a loving tone. “Yiran, I have been chasing you for so many years. I admit that I used to be a bastard for quite some time. But for you, I’m willing to change. For this gift, I have already prepared it since a month ago. And now I am ready for it! I do not hope for anything but your smile”

“Wow! This is so moving!”

“Yes, this is so romantic!”

Many girls looked at Sun Yaotian with twinkling eyes. Even Yue Ying felt somewhat moved too. This guy, what kind of earth shattering gift did he prepared?

“This is the gift I have prepared!”

Sun Yaotian smiled indifferently. He faced the door and pointed at it. Everyone was suddenly shocked as they noticed a slender and elegant figure walk in slowly.

Chen Yiran was shocked at the figure. Her eyes revealed the color of surprise.

No matter what, she would never have imagined that Sun Yaotian’s gift would turn out to be... ...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0180 Old acquaintance
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0180 Old acquaintance

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

“Master Feng!”

Chen Yiran was delighted as she saw the figure in front of her. She didn’t expect that the gift that Sun Yaotian mentioned would unexpectedly turn out to be Master Feng!

Not to mention Chen Yiran, both Chen Haonian and his wife were shocked.

“It turned out to be Master Feng!”

“This grandmaster pianist actually came, how much did the Sun family pay him?!”

“This is too unbelievable!”

“He is an internationally renowned pianist!”

The whole crowd was shaken!

The crowd was shocked as they saw the white-haired senior. Although he had aged quite a bit, every movement he made was graceful, and caused everyone to be relaxed and happy. Admiration slowly emerged all around.

Yue Ying had long since covered her lips.

Master Feng!

No wonder Sun Yaotian was so confident. If it was someone else, it was possible that Chen Yiran wouldn’t even bother. But Master Feng... When Chen Yiran was a young girl, her soul suffered a huge blow which almost ended her life! After Chen Haonian heard of Master Feng, he spent a fortune in order to get Master Feng’s medical treatment.

Step by step, Chen Yiran then walked out from the shadows. That was why she had great respect towards this master.

Eventually, she also became one of Master Feng’s loyal fans, and she had always been looking forward to having the opportunity to meet Master Feng again. A few days earlier, upon returning home after a task, Chen Yiran heard that Master Feng had ended his concerts. She was silently sad and confused. Never would have she expected that today she would see Master Feng with her own eyes.

“After saying goodbye for so many years, that young lady back then has now grown up,” Master Feng laughed. “Young lady, do you have any person that you like? If you do not, I have a friend, and I feel that he is very suitable for you.”

Pffft!

The crowd was stunned for a moment.

Perhaps this master was a bit too aggressive, upon arriving he immediately was playing matchmaker?

“I...”

Chen Yiran felt uneasy, not knowing how to reply. She asked herself honestly in her heart; she really didn’t want to lie to this master who had pulled her out from a deep valley.

“Ha ha, I was just teasing you, the young lady has really grown up,” Master Feng laughed and said. “It looks like you have completely recovered.”

“Master Feng!”

Chen Haonian and his wife both rushed up to give their regards.

“Ha ha, Haonian, long time no see,” Master Feng lamented when he saw Chen Haonian. When Chen Haonian initially requested him for treatment, he was merely a small businessman. He never thought that after so many years, Chen Haonian would turn out to be one of Jianghe City’s four giants.

“Master Feng, you look as healthy as before,” Zhao Yaru said with respect.

“Ha ha, I am old already,” Master Feng laughed and said, “Today is this young lady’s coming of age ceremony, I also can’t come here empty-handed. Earlier this young lady didn’t look happy. And I prepared her a small gift, as a token of my blessing.”

Master Feng opened his mouth, and the crowd grew excited.

Could it be that this master was going to perform personally?

That piano piece would be extremely beneficial to one’s health, and no one would get bored of it regardless of how many times they listened to it. If today they would be so fortunate as to hear Master Feng’s performance, that would definitely be an incredible benefit!

In the end, Sun family was quite capable - they actually could invite Master Feng! This was quite a performance on their end!

“Master, what music do you wish to play?” the crowd asked excitedly.

“No,” Master Feng waved his hand and laughed. “I am already old, the concert I held two days ago was enough to wear me out. Today I will not perform. However, I have a friend who also knows this music piece, so I’ll let him perform it for everyone.”

“Quick, prepare the origin ability piano!”

The Chen family housekeeper immediately called for the crowd to give them some space.

A friend recommended by the master, could he be an ordinary man? That said, this piano piece, any ordinary man would not be able to comprehend it. They could easily tell that he must be another master. To have a master level pianist perform at this sort of gathering, and to have two master pianists together, what an honor this was!

Sun Yaotian triumphantly said, “Yiran, are you satisfied with this gift?”

Chen Yiran glanced at him, and flatly replied, “Thank you!”

“Heh heh, you are welcome.” Sun Yaotian was delighted, even if the tone was cold. It was a very good start. When he saw how delighted Chen Yiran was earlier, he knew that she was very happy with this gift. According to his past experience in his pursuit of girls, as long as the ice had melted, the rest could be slowly removed... yes, it was going to be soon...

Like this, no matter how stubborn she was, she couldn’t escape this young master’s palms.

Sun Yaotian was very proud of himself. As he saw the crowd’s envious looks, he immediately straightened his back. That’s right! He had waited for this for a long time. His own confidence was almost beaten to shreds. It was only in front of these people that he would feel superior, especially to those who were in awe of what he had done.

Unfortunately, what they didn’t know was that for this trip, Master Feng didn’t receive a single cent!

When Master Feng heard that it was Chen Yiran’s coming of age ceremony, he immediately decided to attend, and didn’t receive any fee from the Sun family. However, after countless pleas from Sun Yaotian, Master Feng finally agreed that he would appear in such a dramatic style! This showed off Sun Yaotian’s wisdom, greatness, and dominance.

As he stood there seemingly indifferent, Sun Yaotian was internally filled with pride.

However, the only thing that caused him to wonder was... Since when had Master Feng brought a friend who could perform the piano origin ability technique?

Behind his back, the crowd looked at the Sun family members and whispered, and pointed their fingers.

It must be said, the Sun family this time was very generous, so generous the crowd trembled!

However, at this moment, the crowd thought of something... Green Snake’s mysterious death, the unwarranted charges, Sun family’s sudden contact with Master Feng. When they connected the matters, a horrifying truth appeared.

The Sun family really was the mastermind in that event!

Damn it!

What fake wine, fake wine your ass!

If it was a fake wine, how did you hook up with Master Feng? Everyone knew that Sun Yaotian didn’t learn the piano, because during these last few days he was strolling around the Chen family area, in order to add vibrancy to Chen Yiran’s coming of age ceremony. The results made it obvious, Sun Yaotian exchanged the task reward for Master Feng participating in Chen Yiran’s coming of age ceremony!

As they looked at the prideful Sun Yaotian, the crowd shared many glances and had already made decisions in their hearts.

Whenever we conduct business with the Sun family, we must be very careful!

They would double cross you for a mere ten million. It seemed that due to many things, the Sun family had taken many serious blows. If they were to be caught...

When they came to this thought, the alertness within the crowd increased yet further.

The Sun family was too dangerous!

As the housekeeper called the workers to move the origin ability piano, Yue Ying ran to Chen Yiran’s side. “Young lady, it looks like you are very happy with this present.”

“Yes.”

Chen Yiran was still overjoyed, “Master Feng was my savior... It’s such a pity, if he was here too, it would be great.”

Seeing Chen Yiran turning slightly depressed, YueYing quickly changed the topic. “Aiyaya, our young miss, you are so infatuated, do your parents know about it? If that Young Master Sun finds out that after he tirelessly brought you this present, yet your heart is still thinking about that lover? I am afraid he would puke blood on the spot.”

Chen Yiran stared at her, “I cannot marry anyone who gives me a present. Or else, I could give you this Young Master Sun? Miss Yue who is as pretty as an angel, I think he definitely would be very happy.”

“Cheh!” Yue Ying giggled and said, “Young lady, if there is anyone I want to snatch, it would be your Su Hao!”

“Disgusting!”

As Chen Yi Ran’s mood recovered a little, the watching Yue Ying let out a sigh of relief. Su Hao’s non-appearance today caused a normally indifferent lady to suffer, it seemed that in the future, if there was a chance she would need to have a talk with him... Really, if you want to let go, then completely do so! If you want to grab, then you must grab tightly, this was what a man should do!

This hiding behavior really caused her to be in a bad mood.

Do - Re - Mi - Fa! rang out the crisp sounds of a piano. The housekeeper played for a bit, the sound test was complete, and he walked down satisfied.

“Is this piano piece really that powerful?” Yue Ying quietly asked.

“Yes!” Chen Yiran nodded, “It’s very useful. Apart from healing psychological shadows, it can also adjust one’s mental state and train it. Moreover, this piece contains a very dense warmth; it’s like experiencing a movie-like romance story, very beautiful.”

“True or not....” Yue Ying whispered a sentence.

“Shh - it seems like the pianist is here, you will know once you listen.” Chen Yiran lifted a finger and pointed outside.

Yue Ying immediately went silent.

The housekeeper clapped his hands, and the lights in the hall suddenly dimmed, the noise immediately disappeared. What remained was a ray of blue light, which shot from the roof and landed on top of the origin ability piano, filling it with a silent beauty.

The faint blue fluorescent light flashed as it scattered from the sky. Crystal clear, it left a sentence behind in the sky.

Chen Yiran, happy birthday!

“So pretty!” Yue Ying was completely captured!

Chen Yiran was so surprised she covered her mouth. This incredible scene... was it also prepared by Master Feng? Or was it prepared by Master Feng’s friend?

Shua! The light disappeared, and once again dissipated into the sky.

In the midst of the dim blue light, a slender body wearing formal clothing slowly appeared from the dark, step by step, and walked towards the origin ability piano.

The blue light dimmed, it was not possible to see his face.

What could be seen from afar was only the man’s elegant and decent shadow. Slowly, the shadow walked to the front of the piano. The man’s appearance was then clearly visible to the eyes of the crowd.

He was a youth, not very handsome, but the shape of his face was like a sculpture; his facial features were clear and deep, and were filled with extraordinary masculinity! Deep dark eyes filled with strong emotions, coupled with elegant and decent formal clothing; his whole person displayed a very special attraction.

The youth looked towards Chen Yiran, eyes filled with deep emotions. At this moment, in his eyes, it was as if there was nobody else present.

The youth slightly bent and bowed, then sat down before the piano.

Not far away, Chen Yiran sat stunned.

She couldn’t believe it as she watched the faint blue light, that elegant shadow. Chen Yiran rubbed her eyes, thinking she had gone crazy because of her infatuation. Was it really him? It couldn’t be...

Really?

She pinched Yue Ying. After hearing her cry in pain, Chen Yiran revealed a surprised look - it really wasn’t a dream!

This idiot....

Chen Yiran covered her mouth as a blessed tear rolled down from the corner of her eye.

At this moment, the shocked and aggrieved Yue Ying said, “This cannot be, young miss Chen! The person who should cry is me, your pinch was really very painful! Fine, is it because of the handsome man in front of you? I know this handsome man is very attractive, but, you don’t need to cry, right? Hmm, no big deal, I will just let you have him.”

Chen Yiran laughed at her teasing. Ignoring Yue Ying’s ramblings, Chen Yiran muttered to herself, “It’s him...he finally came...”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0181 A Bitter First Love
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0181 A Bitter First Love

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

“He? Who is he?” Yue Ying repeated in a strange tone before she quickly blurted out, “Su Hao?”

Following the direction Chen Yiran was looking, Yue Ying was shocked that he was indeed the handsome little man who had appeared just now.

“No way...”

Yue Ying felt like her view of the world had changed. This little handsome man was Su Hao? Wasn’t this Su Hao someone who had outstanding achievements in theoretical basis, average combat ability, and his future was limited? Although every time she only said good words about Su Hao in front of Chen Yiran, that was only to comfort her friend.

Regarding rumors of Su Hao, she had heard them, too. She had heard all kinds of things before, but nothing like what was before her right now!

This-this-this...was he really Su Hao?

It couldn’t be Chen Yiran having a delusion, right?

Yue Ying subconsciously looked in the direction of Sun Yaotian. Noticing his extremely sour expression, she instantly understood; this young man...was really Su Hao!

At this moment, the hall was in total silence. Everyone looked at Su Hao in shock.

For those who didn’t know, they were sighing in admiration for this young man, who had become a friend of Master Feng. As for those who had seen Su Hao’s photo before, only one thought echoed within their mind.

Mad! This world is mad!

Wasn’t this Su Hao?! Su Hao actually appeared at such an occasion?!

What was actually happening... hold on, it seemed that the one inviting Master Feng was Sun Yaotian? Everyone looked at Sun Yaotian and witnessed his ugly expression.

“Su! Hao!” Sun Yaotian uttered those two words between his grit teeth as he stared at that figure in disbelief.

No matter what, he would never have thought that Su Hao would appear in such a manner! But from start to end, Su Hao didn’t give him a single look. After exchanging looks with Chen Yiran, he then sat down in front of the piano.

It was as if at this moment, only the two of them were in the hall.

In front of Master Feng, Sun Batian and Chen Haonian looked calm. However, from the exposed green veins on their hands, it was clear that they weren’t calm at all.

For Su Hao to appear in such a way...

They didn’t care much about this. What they were worried about was, what was Su Hao trying to do? What was his relationship with Master Feng?

Last time, Su Hao inexplicably became the disciple of a drug master. Once again, he had some relationship with another heavyweight character. Unknowingly, the previous boy who was just an ant who could be exterminated without batting an eye, finally had the qualifications to face them.

Many people quietly discussed this event. Soon, everyone knew the identity of the young man in front of them.

It seemed that the rumor turned out to be true! That boyfriend of Chen Yiran really did exist! It was just that it was a bit different from the rumor...

Ding!~

A crisp sound echoed out. Everyone’s thoughts were directly interrupted. An inexplicable mood began to grow in everyone’s mind. The crowd quieted down. The familiar melody woke up everyone. This piano piece - wasn’t this Master Feng’s famous music piece?

Su Hao’s fingers gently danced like a mysterious genie.

Hong!

As the origin ability energy began to proliferate, that wavy sound suddenly became violent and surging.

At this moment, everyone felt like they were in the middle of an ocean. They were being hit by wave after wave, riding up and down. As the waves hit the coast, a bursting sound echoed forth. Suddenly the sound changed, and everyone was carried up into the air! Instantly, everyone was seemingly sent to a heavenly wonderland.

This was a true fantasy!

From the highest peak of eternal perfection, it was as if a hot blooming love entered a stable period. At this moment, there wasn’t any passionate ardor, but only thick and warm feelings.

The emotional piano tones echoed among the audience. Everyone put aside all their worries and troubles as the music passed into their hearts. They all let themselves be immersed in the sea of music. That gentle sound made them feel as if they had returned to the most perfect moment of their childhood.

Looking back, within their hearts, it was not that passionate love, but everlasting warmth! Remove the ardor, and what remained was the simplest love, the warmest feeling ever!

To the people I love, all these years, are you having a good life?

Countless people were dripping tears.

As the chaotic era of origin ability arrived, they were the ones who felt it the most. At that time, they could still remember the earth and sky suddenly changing color. With berserk beasts rampaging, wives and children being separated, how many people felt despair? That chaos, how many lives had it taken away? What was sadder than seeing their loved ones dying in front of them?

Time flew. They were still alive right now.

But the ones they loved the most were all gone a long time ago.

Chen Haonian quietly sat there, tightly holding the hand of his wife, Zhao Yaru. His eyes were somehow teary. Yes... all these years, did she have a good time there?

That year, the same love and choice.

He chose the passionate love. As a result, he lost his true love.

She died while in his arms. It was a regret he wouldn’t forget for the rest of his life.

After tens of years, his daughter faced the same dilemma. While the love was just blooming, he tried his best to cut it off to prevent the same tragedy from happening.

However, the more he tried to suppress them, the more intense their love became.

And now, Su Hao chose such a way, standing in front of everyone, displaying his might without any fear.

A strong mind was not easy to shake. Very soon, Chen Haonian let out that thought at the bottom of his heart. He then looked at the elegant figure under the faint blue light.

“Su Hao... perhaps you can really change?”

At this moment, there wasn’t any dispute or intrigue. Everyone was just enjoying the immersion in their memories.

The effect of the piano origin ability technique was clearly felt by all.

Chen Yiran quietly sat there; her heart was calm as she looked at Su Hao not far away.

Her usual character was elegant and cold. She didn’t have many emotions due to events when she was younger. As she fell in love with Su Hao, it made her feel like a young girl. She knew the feeling of missing someone, worrying, getting lost in thought and even felt some jealousy whenever she saw Su Hao chatting with other girls. These were all things she had never experienced before meeting Su Hao.

You idiot...

As tears silently fell down, Chen Yiran’s mouth revealed a smile, such a sweet smile.

As the piano music leisurely played on, bringing everyone back to their best times, unconsciously, Chen Yiran remembered that the very first time she interacted with Su Hao was even earlier than what everyone else thought.

Junior high school. At that time, they were all still young.

At that time, everyone had no origin ability talent. Thus, there wasn’t any grade division.

Just like all students, everyone admires those with good results. In her school, there was this one outstanding student who attracted her attention.

That was a boy who gave a warm feeling when he smiled. He loved to play with everyone, had good results in school, was willing to help students do well in exams, and was popular among the girls.

At that time, she knew his name, Su Hao.

Just two words, simple and clean. Exactly like his character.

She could still remember that there was a student named Luo Wei who got beaten up by outsiders outside of the school. Su Hao then brought other students from the same class and went for a fight with those outsiders. Although quite a number of them received a discipline lesson from the class teacher later on, his actions had won the trust of everyone, and also the secret love of many girls.

She wanted to talk to him, but didn’t dare to.

Watching those lively and cheerful girls who could laugh and play as much as they wanted, she lost her confidence. He must prefer those girls who are cheerful and lively, right...

Thus, she would always watch them in silence.

Sometimes, she felt jealous. Sometimes, she felt sad.

Later she knew from her mother that such a feeling was actually her first love.

Sweet, sour, bitterness.

At that time, she told herself that before graduation... she needed to confess her feelings at least once... she must have the courage to do so.

When they were about to graduate from junior high school, she mustered her courage and asked a friend of hers to help deliver a note.

And then embarrassedly ran to the field and waited for him, until ten o’clock at night. Su Hao didn’t appear. She still remembered she cried a lot at that night.

She wasn’t one who liked to bother other people.

If she was getting annoyed, she would just silently sit in a corner and silently cry. She wouldn’t bring any trouble to others even though she really wanted to ask...

Why didn’t he come?

Why did he let her wait for so long?

In high school, both of them were still in the same school.

She hid her feelings even deeper.

Such a bright man, with so many girls loving him, it would never be her turn. This was because she got rejected once. At most, she would quietly sit by the window and watch him playing around in the school.

However, soon everything changed.

As every student integrated their origin ability, the grade division was happening. Many students changed. That student Luo Wei who had been saved countless times by Su Hao became a dog’s leg of Sun Yaotian. Su Hao, a good student in junior high, had become a waste in high school and was abandoned by others.

Su Hao no longer loved to speak, or even mix with others. He only kept training like a madman, but yet, he could only increase 0.1 at a time. He was very hardworking and yet with such results, it really made her sad.

She felt her heart ache.

However, this trash who everyone gave up on, in such a short period of time, had improved his theoretical basis until he monopolized the first rank in this department, becoming a fully deserving bookworm!

At that time, she knew that he was still there!

At the park, she had her first contact with him and learned about theoretical basis. Soon, they became good friends and she began to learn more about things.

For example, that day, he didn’t receive any paper at all.

He had already left the school early. He was in a rush to work and earn money for his high school fees to help reduce the burden on his family.

After returning home, she happily told her mother about this and yet, her mother had a long talk with her.

The agreement with Sun family... high school is different from junior high school.... Su Hao’s future potential... Chen family’s burden... troubles that Su Hao would face...

In just a night, everything changed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0182 Perfect romance
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0182 Perfect romance

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

Within one night, everything changed.

She also changed.

Her behavior became more indifferent, and also much colder. She kept all of her emotions hidden within her heart, and she swore to never be affected by them again. Her interactions with Su Hao was just to maintain a mellow friendship.

After 2 years of being together, they gradually became closer and became best friends.

The muddled feelings of the past were melted within their 2 years of friendship. However what was unexpected was, there would be a day, the moment when Su Hao first encountered fighting technique, he suddenly soared and his ability began to improve by leaps and bounds!

The increase in his ability, caused him to be self-confident. Once again he was back to his old self.

A bossy declaration.

A smooth transformation.

Just like the previous him, he once again caused her long stilled heart to float. However, rationale quickly crushed this strand of affection, because, at that time, she was already clear that if they two were to be together, it will bring Su Hao plenty of troubles! According to Sun family’s methods, they perhaps would cause Su Hao to immediately disappear.

That was something she would not tolerate.

Not to mention, to her, maintaining this type of friendship, was already enough.

However, what happened later was totally out of her expectations.

Their relationship became a little uncertain. Through Su Hao’s eyes, she saw the same thoughts, but fortunately, both of them were rational in nature. However, Sun Yaotian’s couple of attempts became the catalyst that brought, these two people who could still control themselves, together even quicker!

The longing that have been buried in their hearts for a very long time had finally exploded!

After years of accumulation, years of yearning, when the feelings exploded, such feelings couldn’t be suppressed any longer as the feelings of them both rapidly increased in temperature!

However, very quickly, that repulsive viper returned.

A small plan, caused everything to change. Although Sun Yaotian timed wrongly and caused himself to pay a very heavy price, this couldn’t restore her pain.

Because at this moment, she discovered.

That affection, that deep longing was no longer suppressible...

For one month, she trained crazily just for the sake of suppressing the deep longing within her heart. She subconsciously wouldn’t speak about any topic that was related to him, because she was afraid that she couldn’t suppress her feelings.

The school’s task store, once again she was caught in a struggle.

Because she was clear most of the time, many inadvertent decision would cause someone to be hurt. Therefore, she eventually didn’t help Sun Yaotian. But at this moment, Su Hao appeared again, and in an extremely bossy manner and stood up to let her know, that all along, there was someone willing to cover her through the rain.

This coming of age ceremony, Su Hao shouldn’t have come.

Even if he didn’t come, she wouldn’t blame him.

But, as a girl, no matter how indifferent her character, her heart also possesses her own romantic story that a prince would come down from the sky. It was every girls’ fantasy. She also hoped that her own prince would come from the sky on her most important day, whispering to her these words, ‘happy birthday’.

As such, when she knew that Su Hao didn’t come, she was slightly disappointed.

But she never thought he still came and used such a magical way, a way that wouldn’t give her any trouble, and presented her the most beautiful birthday present.

In the past, this piano piece was what brought her out of her despair.

Today, it was this piano piece that had again given her a deep sense of love.

This familiar melody, caused her to tear up in happiness.

This fool...

Why does he always trouble himself?

5 minutes later, the music faded but everyone was still soaked in their own deep thoughts. As the crowd awoke from their own memory, they felt a deep sense of longing.

The many girls in the crowd, infatuatedly looked at the shadow. They were so touched that they felt torn.

My goodness... how romantic!

Such feelings, such love, if there such a person in my life, with such emotions, this life would be worthwhile.

Was this the poor kid who was rumored to be connected with Chen family? With that elegant figure, that passionate love, this was clearly a prince!

Seeing this, that Sun Yaotian was more like a 3rd party!

As they saw a tearing Chen Yiran who wasn’t far away, the eyes of the girls in the crowd were filled with envy. If it was me, I probably would have eloped a long time ago.

Yue Ying, who was at Chen Yiran’s side, felt it the deepest. As she saw this romantic scene, she muttered to herself, “Alright... I am begin to believe in love...”

A resplendent piano piece had crowned Su Hao as a prince among the hearts of the many girls.

However, compared to the girls’ innocent feelings, what the immediate crowd saw was much much more.

This is - the future!

Su Hao this year was just 18 years old.

According to the Piano Association statistics, statistically the youngest person who could play piano origin ability technique, it was 10 years ago by a musical genius, at the age of 26, he became a master pianist and played a piano origin ability technique, shocking everyone, and was placed in the records of the Piano Association. But this time...

This record was broken!

The youngest piano origin ability technique performer in history, Su Hao!

Aged, 18 years old!

This represented a type of honor, the type of honor that was fated to enter into the Piano Association record books. Regardless of whether he was Master Feng’s student, when he displayed that incredible talent, it was fated, that he would be the piano industry’s rising star! That was also the reason why Master Feng and Su Hao got along.

He had met many geniuses.

There were many types of origin ability talents, there was even a type that could copy another origin ability talent which could almost copy and perform the piano piece that was presented perfectly. It was a very powerful ability. But, with this type of talent, when faced with the piano origin ability technique, it was very consuming! After copying only 10 musical notes, then he was thoroughly defeated.

Unlike Su Hao, after merely analyzing and comprehending, it could be learned.

Simply unique!

One piano origin ability technique, blooming a dazzling radiance, as Su Hao was the center of it. This signified that - he was the piano industry’s new superstar, not somebody that could be touched. Even if it was the Sun family, who may want to make a move on Su Hao, they had to ask whether Master Feng would agree or not! They had to ask whether the whole Piano Association would agree or not!

For the first time, Su Hao stood upright before Jiang He City’s 4 giants and wasn’t afraid!

As he elegantly stood up, Su Hao walked towards Chen Yiran. The crowd at the scene were shocked, this guy... again, what does he plan to do? In this occasion, at this place, he shouldn’t try to completely destroy his own image! Even on the foreheads of Chen Haonian and Sun Batian, blue veins appeared with a few drops of sweat.

For someone who put family interest as the top priority like Sun Batian, a stain was not permissible to appear in his family honor! Rumours he can tolerate, he could also tolerate baseless allegations! But if Su Hao would be improper towards Chen Yiran in front of him, that would cause his Sun family to be trampled and squashed by a few feet!

For some things, when it was punctured, the only way was to fight!

For Jianghe city’s current situation, if a fight broke out, nobody could bear the consequences!

At this moment, Su Hao’s every move involved the hearts of everyone present.

A blue spotlight shone, there was no other one in Su Hao’s eyes for a long time. As he slowly walked towards Chen Yiran, he silently looked at her. The two of them crossed eyes as if it was the first time they met each other!

“Putong! Putong!”

Chen Yiran could feel that her heart was about to jump out. The person whom she missed every day, at this moment, stood before her and smiled as he looked at her.

What... What is he going to do?

Chen Yiran could even hear his breath. At this moment, in this scenario, should she reject Su Hao? If she does not reject him, the permanent breakup of the Chen family and Sun family could happen right in front of her!

What should she do?

That’s it... what family interests, let them be casted aside! At this moment, she only wanted to be selfish for once. She only wished to be a small girl who was trapped in the river of love.

At the thought of this, Chen Yiran shyly closed her eyes.

Su Hao’s lips lifted a smile as he held her soft and gentle hand.

The lips of everyone shrunk, as a thought flashed through their minds, it was finished!

This fellow wants a faceoff!

This fool!

The permanent breakup between the Sun family and Chen family would cause Jianghe City to be in utter chaos! In this era of origin ability, the outcome of the battle could only be decided by blood! All the small families, small business, no one could escape! This unprepared battle could lead to an untold number of deaths or injuries... it was really the end.

This was the thought in the minds of everyone present.

Cold sweat dripped off Chen Haonian’s forehead. His daughter’s choice caused him to be slightly worried. This child, in the end, made the same choice as him.

But no matter what, at this time, he already couldn’t stop it.

No matter what decisions his daughter made, he would only support.

Sun Batian was also very calm. His face didn’t change, but a cold light flashed through his eyes. It could be seen that at that point he was controlling his fury.

This was Chen Yiran’s coming of age ceremony!

Because of the relationship between the two misses, this coming of age ceremony, his wife also took a lot of effort as she participated in its planning, being so busy. Wasn’t it done to create a chance for Sun Yaotian? Wasn’t it done to remove all the ill feelings between him and Chen Yiran?

What was the result?

When it seemed to have become successful, Su Hao came, and simply destroyed all of the family’s hard work, gave her a huge present, then held Chen Yiran’s hand. This was bare naked ignorance!

And not far away, as Sun Yaotian saw this scene, he felt like fainting, and a stream of fresh blood was spat.

Su Hao entered the scene without speaking a word. He only performed a piano piece, and that caused Chen Yiran to be restless. Such an action, how could Sun Yaotian endure anymore!

“Su... Su Hao!”

Sun Yaotian was so angry that he shivered. He trembled as he lifted his finger, pointed at Su Hao, and was so angry that he was speechless.

He completely didn’t expect that this was the final outcome! Su Hao actually played this piano piece. Although, when comparing his performance to Master Feng, there was still a gap in ability, the effect it brought was perfectly displayed. Such a splendid demonstration of love, wasn’t that something that he always wanted to do?

This was within his plans.

To buy the century-old wine task reward, to let Master Feng impart his piano piece, to establish a good relationship with Master Feng, to then splendidly appear, to perform this to Chen Yiran, and romantically confess.

The result?

The execution of the plan was alright!

But it was Su Hao who completed the scene instead!

This rival whom he hated so much!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0183 Toying with You Until Death!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0183 Toying with You Until Death!

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

Sun Yaotian grit his teeth in hatred.

Who could he blame?

Blame Master Feng?

Master Feng hadn’t received a single cent from the Sun family. The moment he heard about Chen Yiran’s coming of age ceremony, he took the initiative to go himself. As for him appearing in such a fashion, it was something Master Feng agreed to after being begged multiple times. It was just that Sun Yaotian did not expect that ultimately Su Hao’s appearance at the end would destroy all his hard work. His action was like making a wedding dress for others!

And the worse part was what this piano origin ability technique used for?

To deal with psychological blows!

Previously there was a shadow left by Su Hao in his heart... and it was this piano origin ability technique which cleared away the shadow. Indirectly, it could be said that Su Hao saved him again! Such a feeling was like swallowing a fly, and chewing a few times before spitting it out. That feeling of swallowing and spitting out was...really disgusting!

Looking at the happy expression of Chen Yiran, Sun Yaotian felt even more heartache.

F*ck!

He lost to Su Hao again!

And now...Su Hao planned to show his affection to Chen Yiran in front of everyone? In front of the wealthy circle of Jianghe City!

He was now no longer wearing a green hat, but a green giant!

“Su! Hao! I-I want to kill you!” Sun Yaotian pointed at Su Hao with his ever-trembling hand. He said this as his brimming anger rushed to his heart. At this time, Su Hao was just forcing Chen Yiran’s hand.

“En?” As if he noticed Sun Yaotian pointing at him, Su Hao turned around and looked at Sun Yaotian with some doubt. Giving him a sweet smile, Su Hao then turned back.

Everyone’s mouth twitched.

At this time, you’re still smiling at him... yet it was such a sweet smile.

Wasn’t this a provocation?

Was this guy courting his own death?

Everyone’s heart went cold. It was as if they could picture the scene of war within Jianghe City.

Jianghe City was about to enter an age of chaos. The atmosphere had reached a freezing point. Everyone was scared.

At the same time everyone was frightened, Su Hao gently pulled up Chen Yiran’s hand and bent down. Kissing her hand like a gentleman, “Miss Chen, I wish you a happy birthday!”

“A?” Chen Yiran opened her eyes in confusion. Looking at Su Hao’s actions, she suddenly smiled and replied, “Thank you.”

Su Hao smiled indifferently, and then retreated confidently.

The crowd was stunned.

What was happening here?

Once they carefully thought about it, they suddenly reacted. Hand-kissing ritual...it was a tradition of Western society. It represented welcoming, respect, or even dedication. In their modern society, not many practiced this. It could only be seen in some high-class party or concert. In short, it was an old ritual.

However, because of some cultural differences between East and West, Eastern people rarely practiced such gestures.

This time, when they took a closer look, it seemed that Su Hao didn’t do anything out of bounds.

A pianist at such a level, played this piano origin ability technique as a gift for Chen Yiran. After the play ended, he came forward to Chen Yiran for a hand-kiss and a blessing before quietly retreating.

This was an elegant series of actions!

Piano originated from the West. And the hand-kissing ritual was also from West. What Su Hao did was reasonable. There wasn’t the slightest flaw to be found.

However, because of Su Hao’s special status, each movement of his left everyone trembling in fear.

After finally understanding the whole situation, everyone was relieved.

Although they had been toyed with by Su Hao, making everyone nearly pee their pants, he didn’t provoke the outbreak of war in Jianghe City. It was good for everyone. Right now, this mysterious identity of Su Hao, coupled with his unknown background, was like an unstable bomb. Nobody dared to touch him...

Chen Haonian bitterly smiled as he shook his head. Having a look at his own wife, she was helpless, too. The whole crowd had been toyed with by this kid!

Making them worry the whole day, if they were to rationally think, with Su Hao’s intelligence, how could he do anything outrageous? Forget about others, at least he definitely wouldn’t involve Chen Yiran in this.

At the corner of the hall, witnessing this scene, Zhou Wang smiled, “This guy hasn’t improved for quite some time. So it was all because of his love matter... However, after this, he should be able to concentrate on his training! When it is time to enter Zhanzheng College, he will definitely be there too!”

He didn’t understand much about piano, but cultivation and training was his area of expertise.

Su Hao recently must have done some task. His body was now covered with an aura of hostility. Even Su Hao himself was affected by it. A piano origin ability technique had made him awaken from the anger. The reason he toyed around with them was to vent out all the hostility in him!

“Nothing is happening!” Bai Lingfeng, standing beside him, looked at him disdainfully while raising a cup of wine in his hand. Compared to this Zhou Wang the career otaku, he could see more than that. “I have this premonition. For us, the first few months are the best for us to sprint forwards in our progress. But for Su Hao, when all the worries are eliminated, this guy, I’m afraid he will really start his engine now.”

Zhou Wang nodded in deep agreement.

As Su Hao retreated, the piano performance could be considered as ended.

Under the blue spotlight, only Chen Yiran could be seen standing there. With the slight smile on her mouth, coupled with the elegant dress, Chen Yiran at this moment was just like a goddess!

Shua!

As the faint blue light flashed, the focus light on Chen Yiran gradually dimmed and the usual lighting returned back to the hall.

Just a casual music piece just now, it was like a dream, taking everyone for a ride. After that, Su Hao’s actions made everyone tremble in fear, terrified that the situation might turn upside down.

When the lights came up, there was a sense of returning back to reality.

What they could see now was the origin ability piano. As for the young man who had stunned everyone, he had already disappeared.

At this moment, everyone recalled the scene just now. That Su Hao who was labeled a poor student before this, his current character was covered with a layer of mysterious aura, mysterious background, and a special identity, and not to forget that stunning piano origin ability technique. From now on, in Jianghe City, nobody would dare to underestimate the impact of this young man.

“He’s gone?”

“Yeah, he left.”

“Too bad, here am I thinking of getting to know him better. So hateful, why did he leave after playing the music.”

“Ceh, if he didn’t leave, you think he would wait for you, this cunning girl, to hook him? People are here to send his gift to his girlfriend.”

“Heng, if they haven’t married yet, why wouldn’t I dare to chase him! But I think, he left not because of Chen Yiran, but those few people over there.”

Several people were pointing at a spot not far away.

At this point, when the lights came up, the Sun family was not in a good mood.

Sun Yaotian was completely dumbfounded.

So it was him who misunderstood just now?

Su Hao was definitely sincere just now! Thinking of his appearance just now, brimming with anger, cursing while pointing at Su Hao, Sun Yaotian felt embarrassed. With so many wealthy people around...this time he had really lost all face.

Today’s performance by Sun Yaotian was indeed commendable. At the very beginning, when he seriously presented his gift, that action did capture the heart of many ladies. But unfortunately, the heroic appearance of Su Hao, when both of them were compared, Sun Yaotian suddenly became a lump of shit... Not to mention that embarrassing action by Sun Yaotian when he was mad.

Without even thinking, Sun Yaotian could guess what role he was playing in the eyes of everyone.

“Su Hao!” Sun Yaotian’s anger was reaching his limit, but he had nowhere to vent it off!

This Su Hao, from the very beginning, was just toying around with him!

But then, so what?

At least in the eyes of others, Su Hao’s actions weren’t strange at all. Sun Yaotian could only bitterly swallow all the embarrassment. If he tried to say Chen Yiran and Su Hao did something, for the reputation of his daughter, Chen Haonian would definitely be the first one to step up and teach him a lesson.

The more Sun Yaotian thought about this, the madder he became.

“Damn!”

“What the hell is he!”

Pa! With a hit on the table, Sun Yaotian walked out in anger. He was afraid that if he stayed here any longer, he would collapse.

Sun Batian sighed. His eyes revealed a trace of disappointment.

Just now, with so many things happening, his face didn’t show any expression at all. His whole attention was placed on his son. What Chen Yiran or Su Hao, he didn’t care about them at all. At most, they would just have a war!

Since when was the Sun family scared of anyone!

But there were things which a war couldn’t solve...

A strong heart!

The future of the Sun family was on the shoulders of Sun Yaotian. If he could make Sun Yaotian into someone who was more calm and determined, he was willing to pay whatever price!

He noticed the changes of his son from being pressured by Su Hao. Unfortunately, in the end the only thing Sun Yaotian could do was just leave here angrily.

Sun Batian sighed. Raising his glass, he emptied the wine in one swallow!

As the gift ceremony ended, it was time for the banquet to begin.

Within the hall, everyone was surrounding Chen Yiran, who happily cut the eighteen- layered cake. No matter how complex the mood, the atmosphere was still cheerful.

However, nobody noticed that at the top of the villa there was this strange atmosphere. Within the darkness, a shadow flashed like a nightmare.

At this time, near the Chen family’s villa, Su Hao quietly stood there and watched the lively birthday party. Though he was smiling faintly, his eyes revealed a trace of killing intent.

Hong!

At night, lightning split the sky.

The white light made the scene brighten. Once the light disappeared, the sky again went dark. If someone was there, they would have been able to see Su Hao, wearing a white robe, and a chilling aura emanating from his body.

In the endless night, that white robe was eye-catching.

Shua!

Su Hao’s figure blurred as he disappeared into the darkness.

“Little brat, Yiran’s birthday party is over, but our party...is about to begin!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0184 Shocked
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0184 Shocked

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

At the Chen family’s floral villa.

The birthday party was lively with people enjoying their meals, drinks, and bragging, while also excitedly looking at new house offers and other sales. Chen Yiran’s coming of age ceremony had impressively become the hub for these people to finalize deals.

“Shua!”

Abruptly, a sound rang out that attracted everyone’s attention. The present situation caused everyone to be uneasy. Before a series of sounds could be heard. One by one, the lights were dimmed and, within moments, the whole Chen villa was blanketed in darkness. With a calm command issued, everyone was then calmed down.

“A power outage?” a puzzled voice said in disbelief.

Since the era of origin ability, there was never a lack of electricity. Moreover, with the Chen family’s position, at the center of the city, even if the entire Jianghe City was in a power outage, there won’t be a power outage here.

“Housekeeper, activate the backup power supply.”

“Yes, sir!”

“Ding~”

The surrounding suddenly lit up and everyone’s vision was restored.

Just when they thought had the chance to a breathe a sigh of relief, they suddenly heard a scream, “Quickly look, what is that?!”

“Si~”

Everyone looked toward the direction of the man’s eyes and instantly sucked a mouthful of cold air.

They could see from a distance away, rows of black arrows were heading toward here.

That countless of black arrows, blending in the night darkness while carrying a thick killing aura was awe-inspiring as they headed toward the Chen family. The distance from the crowd was only about 100 meters away. If not because of the standby power, perhaps nobody would be able to notice the incoming attacks.

“What the heck is happening!”

Chen Haonian’s facial expression changed. He then acted decisively by giving a command, “Activate the origin ability defense.”

“Hua!”

A blue light ray suddenly shot up high in hemisphere. Covering the floral villa, everyone in the crowd was protected.

This was an origin ability defensive shield. The most basic large-scale defense mechanism, under normal circumstances, this would be used in small-scale wars. Because its defensive ability is strong, the price was so expensive. In addition, a large amount of origin ability energy needed to be consumed, which was why most people simply could not afford it.

100 meters away only required a moment to get through.

As the origin ability defensive shield activated, the black arrows began to bombard on top of it.

“Hong!”

Countless black arrows hit on the shield and been destroyed. Suddenly, loud bangs could be heard as the black gas spread toward the surrounding shield, like a virus and covered the whole shield.

Ci! Ci!

A burst of crisp sounds resounded. As more black arrows hit, the blue defensive shield also disappeared. Chen family’ defense was cleared. The whole Chen family was exposed to the outside.

“Damn it!”

Chen Haonian’s pupil shrunk. These arrows...

The opponent even knew about his family having such mechanism. These overwhelming arrows were prepared for this shield. The black gas were like bone maggots. As long as it contaminated the shield, it would begin to engulf the shield. Within a few seconds, the defensive shield would be completely consumed.

Such a well calculated move!

Without activating the defense, the arrows would then attack everyone here and many people would suffer from injury. This was a consequence which Chen Haonian absolutely couldn’t afford. If he used the shield, it would then be destroyed!

“Who is it? Get the hell out now!”

Chen Haonian coldly grumped. Standing at the door of the hall, he shouted at the outside of the villa.

Sou!

Sou!

The sound of movement could be heard. One by one, they rushed from within darkness and quickly surrounded Chen family. The action was smooth and decisive.

“Hiding the head and showing the tail!”

Chen Haonian coldly shouted. Looking at this sudden appearance of a group of men in black, “May I ask which force is this from? Did, I, Chen Haonian offend you guys?”

The men in black, “...”

Looking at the opponents not giving an answer, Chen Haonian frowned. “No matter what kind of hatred, if you leave now, I will consider nothing is happening. Today is my daughter’s coming of age ceremony, I don’t want to see any blood being spilled. Do give me some face. After today, I, Chen Haonian am more than willing to accompany you guys!”

The men in black still didn’t make any movement.

Cold light flashed within Chen Haonian’s eyes. With just a simple finger gesture, hundreds of security guards appeared quickly in front of the hall and confronted these men in black.

The ear of the man leading the men in black gently moved. As if he had heard an order, coldness could be seen in his eyes, “Kill!”

Shua!

The one leading them suddenly made a move. His action was very clean! You could only see the man in black taking out a soft sword from his arm and rushed toward the security guards, leaving a stream of blur images.

“Get the hell out of here!”

“Hong!”

Chen family’s security guards quickly clashed with them. All sorts of mysterious origin ability talent were being displayed from their hands. Showing their domineering power, many men in black were killed on the spot. However, what made everyone stunned was the moment when the men in black were killed, they would make sure to stab their soft swords into the body of the security guards.

One hit kill while dying together!

Such crazy... killers!

Everyone was shocked at how they acted. These people weren’t some random killer but those who had undergone training to carry out an organized attack!

“Who is it?” Sun Batian’s facial expression looked a bit bad.

“I’m not sure either,” Chen Haonian said in a soft tone, “From the look, they should be killers. Without any origin ability talent, the lowest level killer. Could it be they were all accepting a task to assassinate me?”

“Assassinate you?”

Sun Batian sneered, “If they want to assassinate you, they won’t send such low-level killers. Here, there are so many guest. Perhaps the target is among them. After all, most of the people in the high-class circle of Jianghe City are all here. If they want to assassinate someone, here is the best stage to do so.”

“I think so as well.” Chen Haonian looked at the killers who were confronting the security guards, his eyes showed an inexplicable look, “But still, I feel that something isn’t right here.”

“Same here. There are too many men in black.” A 30-year-old middle-aged man beside Chen Haonian said so. He was called Li Qiang, the security manager of Chen family, the one who managed the security design and mechanism!

“Brother Chen, let us bodyguards here go and help too!”

“Alright!” Chen Haonian nodded. The private bodyguards in the hall had finally made their move.

To be able to become a bodyguard, their strength was naturally higher than those ordinary security guards. With them joining, the men in black instantly lost the advantage they had and were easily eliminated.

“Shua!”

“Shua!”

The battle tempo progressed to a faster rhythm.

In just a minute, all men in black were killed on the spot by bodyguards. As one of the four giants, Chen family’s bodyguards had undergone a tight screening in order to find one with great strength. Combining strength with the crowd’s personal bodyguards, the increment in strength could clearly be seen.

At the door of the hall, everyone felt relieved as they looked at the scene.

Even daring to attack Chen family, your guts are too huge!

After eliminating every man in black, the security guard captain casually uncovered the mask wore by one of the men in black. However, the moment he did that, his facial expression turned back, “Retreat!”

Everyone’s mind went cold and immediately retreated.

However, it was too late!

Under the mask of the man in black, it turned out to be countless random little red dots, a light flashed with red and blue lines intertwining each other. They were tightly connected to the mask. The moment the security guard captain removed the mask, the light suddenly grew brighter. Every dead man in black was illuminating brightly in an abnormal way.

“Hong!”

A terrifying loud explosion echoed. The entire courtyard was covered with fire. With the impact moving along causing the villa to tremble. 100 meters away from the hall, that was the area covered by the explosion. A few bodyguards made their move and cleanly blocked the force of the impact.

However, as the smoke extended, when the explosion sound could no longer be heard, everyone sucked a cold air.

From the door, within the scope of twenty meters, a huge pit was formed. In the pit, countless of broken limbs could be seen. Everyone was dead!

At the mouth of the hall, everyone was dead!

Corpse bomb!

Such an extreme measure!

Hundreds of men in black, together with hundreds of security guards, everyone’s personal guards, just like that, they were all dead.

Chen Haonian gripped both his fists tightly. His eyes revealed a murderous aura. These people... they were all people from the Chen family. That security captain was one who Chen Haonian personally picked. And what was more frightening was the opponent even planned a step ahead to kill everyone’s personal bodyguards.

The whole courtyard was in total silence.

A few pieces of scattered leaves floated in the air, bringing a sense of desolation.

However, Chen Haonian knew very well that since the opponent had even taken actions to get rid of every bodyguard, they would definitely not stop here!

Sure enough, very soon, five figures appeared at the door. It was completely different from the brainless killers just now. These people were all covered in a dense aura of killing intent and brought along a strange atmosphere.

Chen Haonian’s mind startled. Taking a deep breath, “He... hundreds of human body bomb, 5 beginner variant standard killer, such a well-planned strategy! In Jianghe City, there aren’t a lot of people who could command such a huge force.”

As Chen Haonian opened his mouth, everyone turned pale.

Beginner variant espers!

The five killers in front were all beginner variant espers!

If their bodyguards were here, even if they couldn’t win, they could still deal with one or two. But now, all their bodyguards were dead. Who is there to fight these five beginner variant killers?! They were just here to attend a party. Never would they have thought of anyone daring to face with the whole Jianghe City?

“Li Qiang, bring every family member and leave here!”Chen Haonian sneered, “Just leave this to us!”

“Yes!” Li Qiang answered with his heavy face. Although the strength of the crowd here wasn’t bad, only the four giants were beginner variant espers! The rest would only be dragging them! What they could only do now was to protect their second-in-line family members and leave the villa.

As Li Qiang started to lead the other family members away to protecting them.

“After them, don’t leave anyone alive!”

When the killers saw them leaving, they immediately made a decisive move!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0185 Energy weapon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0185 Energy weapon

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Nora.

“Weng-”

There was a loud and clear cry. Flashes of bright lights appeared. Different colors lit up the sky and blinded everyone’s eyes. Among the five killers, at least three of them appeared to wield energy weapons!

The bright blue light of the lightsaber flashed!

The calm black light of the sledgehammer flashed!

The bloody red light of the dagger flashed!

Energy weapons!

These weapons used one’s own origin ability energy as the foundation and the energy that the weapon produced had a very powerful multiplicative effect on one’s attacks. More accurately, the energy weapon was also a type of origin ability technique!

“Hou!”

Five killers, four charged towards the four giants. However, the short killer took the shining black sledgehammer and charged toward the dispersing crowd at extreme speed!

“Hong!”

In a flash of light, the short killer hammered the sledgehammer he wielded!

The crowd felt their vision filled with a black, huge, and powerful pressure. This was followed by the black sledgehammer’s attack. It was like being crushed by a mountain!

“Shua!”

At this moment, a figure flashed in the air. Bright white light was unleashed and clashed with the black sledgehammer. As the black and white colors alternated, the light became dazzling!

“Hong!”

The short killer was directly struck down and viciously smashed to the ground—dust flew everywhere.

A middle-aged man stood indifferently before him. He was the leader of the Zhou family, Zhou Jun!

The short killer looked behind. Then he made a horrifying discovery. The killer who had confronted Zhou Jun was blankly returning his gaze. It was obvious to him that the killer did not know when Zhou Jun had suddenly disappeared.

“You people also wish to destroy the power of my Jianghe City?”

With a cold smile, Zhou Jun said, “That’s too naive!”

“Hong!”

As Zhou Jun finished his sentence, he attacked again. In an unyielding manner, he attacked the short killer before him and caused him to slowly retreat.

So what if you have an energy weapon?

Before absolute strength, you would only be suppressed!

As the rest of the killers saw the situation, they quickly provided aid and immediately entered into the chaotic battle.

The four giants of Jianghe City—in a four vs five situation—did not seem to have the slightest disadvantage!

The backyard of the villa.

Li Qiang quickly led the crowd through the hall and moved towards the Chen family’s war preparation area. However, for a distance of a kilometer, it was estimated that it would take minutes. Fortunately for this era, everyone had a bit of skill. Even the weaker rich family daughters’ physical fitness and skills were not that weak. Thus, they were not dragging down the crowd in the slightest.

However, after walking for less than 100 meters, a few people blocked their path!

“Everyone, long time no see.”

At the end of the street, there stood a sunny youth who smiled as he looked at them.

“Chou Huo, it is actually you!”

Zhou Wang was obviously a bit surprised. “Why are you here?”

Bai Lingfeng quickly pulled at him, then sneered and said, “At this moment, appearing at this position... hehe, I am that afraid that this matter was started by that Chou family.”

Zhou Wang’s pupils shrunk. He suddenly looked towards Chou Huo.

Chou Huo’s lips displayed a sarcastic smile. “Indeed, worthy to be a member of the Bai family. Hmm... Zhou Wang, you are as ignorant as always!”

“It is actually you Chou family! Damn it, I still gave you some business previously.”

“Exactly, Chou Huo, your parents came to my house to seek my help, where are they now? Bring them here! I want to see how much guts they have! The dare to do such a thing!”

Noises from the crowd slowly began to ring out.

Everyone present was basically a part of Jianghe City’s wealthy business circle.They had dealt with each other for so long, who would not recognize each other? However, no one would have thought, that the person who started all of this was actually Chou family!

Chou family was a second line family in Jianghe City. They were also the standard for a family business operations model. They were slightly more powerful than a standard family. However, if compared to the four giants, there was still quite some distance. This time, a second line family dared to directly challenge the four giants, this was a rhythm of finding one’s death!

“Chou Huo, even if you destroy Chen family, aren’t you afraid of vengeance?”

“Vengeance?”

Chou Huo sneered and his face displayed a look of despise. “Relax, this time, I will not let any of you leave this place alive. From today onwards, the four giants of Jianghe City will be completely removed! Oh, yea. You guys too, these unknown second line families and businesses. The whole Jianghe City will only have Chou family!

“Clap clap!”

Chou Huo clapped his hands and dozens of Chou family members quickly blocked the crowd.

Zhou Wang lifted his head and glanced. His mind tightened. “Around ten of them have origin ability points of 15 and above, twenty of them have origin ability points of 12 and above, and thirty of them have origin ability points of 10 and above.

Bai Lingfeng squinted. “The Chou family are really generous. Attacking at such a scale, your Chou family definitely wouldn’t be enough. Otherwise, why have you guys wandered at the second line for so many years? I am afraid that this time, you have contacted with the people of other cities. After tasting something from the outside, even if the Chou family destroys the remaining influential figures, they will still eventually become the lackey of the people of other cities.“

“Hmph!”

Chou Huo grinned. He was obviously exposed by Bai Lingfeng’s words.

“They? When our Chou family becomes strong, they would be just a dog. Now, please let me kill you—attack!”

Chou Huo no longer spoke more nonsense and signaled for the Chou family’s people to charge.

Peng!

Peng!

Peng!

Countless shadows walked out from the crowd. A valiant aura shot out and caused the Chou family to retreat!

Bai Lingfeng, Zhou Wang, Chen Yiran, Yue Ying. These four were at the front and countless origin ability energies shook the surroundings. The remaining rich family members also did not concede.

At this moment, their beloved families were right behind them!

Fresh blood scattered and the shirts of countless people were dyed red. The smell of blood drove everyone into a maddened craze. At this moment, they realized, that this was the era of origin ability!

The drinking friends of the past had today become sworn enemies!

And everything was for personal benefits!

“Mom, bring them to the war preparation area first.”

Chen Yiran spoke to Zhao Yaru. As she looked at the faces in the crowd, there was not even the slightest hint of fear!

“Okay, you be careful.”

Feeling worried, Zhao Yaru glanced at Chen Yiran, and then brought a bunch of inexperienced people away. If they stayed here, they would only be dragging them down. Not to mention, she is the Chen family’s mistress. As the husband was in battle, the daughter would also be in battle. Thus, it was her responsibility to usher the rest the people to a safe place.

If anything happened to these people, even if the war was won, it will still be counted as a loss!

The crowd quickly left.

A big battle exploded again!

“Kill!”

Zhou Wang eyes’ were filled with bloodlust. His mother stood behind him. Being a simple minded person, he thought that having meals with the enemy just two days ago was a form of humiliation. Like lightning, he wrecked havoc and released a horrifyingly aura of origin ability to his surroundings. Two enemies whose origin abilities were at 15 points were then completely suppressed by Zhou Wang.

One vs two, Zhou Wang held the complete advantage!

“Sou!”

Bai Lingfeng surrounded himself with countless suspended wind blades that were like cutting machines. He completely killed every enemy who dared to get close to him.

“Hong!”

An ice crystal was crushed into pieces. These crushed ice pieces were shot towards the surroundings and sharp icicles stabbed out. As a few of the Chou family were not careful, they were immediately punctured and countless fine wounds were left on their bodies.

“Shua!”

Cherry blossoms descended as Yue Ying was surrounded by countless descending pink petals within a radius of ten meters. It was such a beautiful image. Every aggressive Chou family killer who came was astonished and their faces displayed how they were at a loss. What followed was one of the surrounding flower petals suddenly cross their neck, leaving a trail of blood.

At this moment, this gentle girl had turned into a god of killing!

The rest did not give in either. A few of them were repeaters, students from natural selection class and there were some from senior high school. Their abilities were pretty good.

As the two sides clashed, the Chou family unexpectedly did not have any advantage!

“This is indeed the future elites of Jianghe City!” Chou Huo squinted and he actually laughed. “Their abilities are really strong, if you all were allowed to develop, it would be really difficult to deal with later. Such a pity... because all of you will eventually die here.”

“Chou Huo, once my hands are free, I will definitely kill you!

Chen Yiran coldly said as she stared at Chou Huo.

“Gee, Ms. Chen, I am afraid you won’t have such an opportunity. I am really sorry for sabotaging your coming of age ceremony. However, I am also here to give you a real gift. To let you understand... what is the real origin ability era!” Chou Huo’s lips revealed a grin. “Next, I will teach you a lesson.”

“And that is, sometimes, the most horrifying matters are infernal affairs.”

“What?”

Everyone in the crowd was shocked when they heard this, what did Chou Huo mean by that?

“Puci - “

“Puci - “

Two rays of lights flashed. Two rich students who were battling suddenly felt a pain in their bodies. Their vision blacked out and they immediately fell to the ground.

The crowd was shocked. They turned around and looked. Then they realized that the person who had attacked was actually - Li Qiang!

“Peng!”

“Peng!”

Li Qiang attacked from the back and countless people got immediately blown away. As the crowd panicked, some of them were killed by the Chou family members. In a short space of time, more than ten people died! The Chou family began to gain the advantage and they did not spare anyone. With Li Qiang’s assistance, they killed everyone with incredible ease.

“Hong!”

A muffled sound rang out. Zhou Wang, Chen Yiran and others were also blown away by the impact. Blood flowed out of the corner of their mouths.

“Li Qiang! After the Chen family looked after you for all these years, you dare to betray us!”

Chen Yiran looked at Li Qiang, her face filled with the intention to kill.

She finally knew why the opponent’s plans were so smooth! When they were killing the men in black, it was Li Qiang who suggested to allow the bodyguards to attack together. At that moment, not much thought was put into it but seeing this situation, it was an obvious plan to send the bodyguards to their deaths.

Li Qiang sighed. “I am sorry, Miss. As people walked towards eminence, water flows towards the lower places. Although, I—Li Qiang—knows that what I am doing is wrong, I definitely will not allow myself to forever stuck in the society’s bottom levels and I definitely will not be a lackey that anyone can do as they please with!

“You go to Chou family, you really think that they would sincerely treat you well?”

Chen Yiran coldly stared at him.

“The Chou family? Hehe.” Li Qiang laughed coldly. “The Chou family are still not qualified to draw me in. The reason behind me attacking is... of the Li family of Jinhua City! When the origin ability turmoil happened years ago, I fled to Jianghe City and since then many years had passed. The past few days, I found out that actually my Li family has actually developed back at Jinhua City and it’s my own family!”

“Hahaha! This type of opportunity, how could I let it pass?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0186 Endless massacre
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 186 Endless massacre

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

The Li family at Jinhua City.

So, this matter, they were the one behind this scene!

“Li Qiang, stop uttering nonsense! Destroy every one of them!”

Chou Huo smiled sinisterly, “Don’t forget the thing that you promise me. You can kill others but these girls... belong to me.”

“Courting death!”

“Toad!”

The voice of a few girls could be heard from within the crowd. Chou Huo laughed out loud, “Just scream while you can. In the future, you won’t even able to utter a word or why else would I spare your life?”

“This this...”

Chou Huo looked at a few girls with his mocking smile and then looked at Chen Yiran, “I used to think you’re beautiful but never did I expect with just a casual makeup, your beauty is even more amazing. That idiot Sun Yaotian, with such a beautiful girl beside him, he still didn’t realize. Today, you will be mine!”

Chen Yiran sneered without saying a word. With her right hand waved, a stream of ice crystals flashed within her hand, forming sharp ice thorns in mid-air!

“Aiyo, still trying to resist?”

Chou Huo pretended to be surprised, “This is really surprising. Shitou, go and take her down!”

The one called Shitou was a burly man. His whole body was filled with big muscles. Hearing the order, he grinned for a second before charged at Chen Yiran.

With a wave of her right hand, the ice thorns shot at his body but helplessly fell off.

The impact on Shitou’s body didn’t inflict any damage.

Her origin ability energy had all been consumed.

Shitou sneered. With a big step, he headed there and didn’t realize that a pair of cold eyes were locking on him.

At a few distant kilometers away!

Su Hao with his white robe quietly stood above a tall building. His sniper rifle was pointing at the place where several people were in battle while his eyes turned extremely cold.

This position was the best spot out of the analysis he had done during early morning today.

The best environment for a sniper!

Opening his virtual screen, Su Hao sent a message to Chen Yiran and then looked at the burly figure through his aiming lens. A cruel smile could be seen on Su Hao’s face.

Such a large figure, are you here to let me aim?

“Model analysis...”

“Terrain modeling!”

“Wind speed... within the control range.”

“Air humidity... in the controllable range.”

“Calibrating...”

“Precision deviation, 0.001%.”

“Peng!”

A strong impact came by, the whistling bullet quickly projected out!

Below, looking at Shitou who was charging at her, Chen Yiran’s facial expression didn’t change. With the little amount of ice in her right hand, a trace of a cold chill was flashing in the air.

If one had seen Chen Yiran’s performance in the battle of honor, you would have easily noticed this move. This move was similar to the one when she died together with the repeater!

But here... it was a reality!

Pinching her bracelet, Chen Yiran felt fortunate somehow. She was glad that Su Hao departed earlier and not involved in this battle.

In future, I hope he would think of me.

“Goodbye, Su Hao.”

Chen Yiran sighed. Just at the moment when she was about to make her move, her wrist gently vibrated. A message popped out, “Yiran, close your eye - Su Hao.”

Close her eyes?

Su Hao?

Chen Yiran was at a loss. What was this meaning of Su Hao? Closing her eyes at this moment? Was he nearby? Although there were some doubts in her heart, she still trusted Su Hao and subconsciously closed her eyes.

Shitou noticing her action began to let his guard down. Had she given up on resisting?

Hua!

Shitou with all his might charged forward to capture Chen Yiran.

“No!”

Everyone exclaimed. The others who couldn’t watch it any longer closed their eyes.

“Pu!”

A strange light flashed by and Shitou’s heart suddenly had a bloody hole. His whole body had halted. With his mouth opened wide, he crashed on to the ground without uttering a single word.

“Putong!”

As Shitou fell to the ground, everyone was shocked.

He had died?

Chen Yiran opened her eyes and then saw the dead Shitou on the ground, leaving behind a pool of blood. Looking at her virtual screen, with private mode on, she was at a loss. What is actually happening here?

“Peng!”

The late sound of gunfire finally arrived!

Snipe rifle!

Everyone reacted!

Chou Huo’s pupil contracted, “This is bad, it’s a sniper rifle. Quickly hide!”

Everyone retreated, finding obstacles to hide behind.

“Pu!”

A Chou family member about 4 to 5 meters away from Chen Yiran had, once again, emerged a blood lotus and instantly fell to the ground!

5 seconds!

5 seconds again!

The reaction of the people there was fast, but how far could you run in 5 seconds?

“Pu!”

Yet with another shot, one more victim was claimed!

The bullets’ traveled faster than their sound. Without considering friction, a bullet’s speed is always faster than their sound. Each time, only after, someone was dead could the gunshot sound be heard! It was simply a futile attempt to escape! The sudden bullets were like the scythe of a reaper, stripping away human life.

“Damn it!”

Li Qiang cursed. His battle experience was far ahead of Chou Huo, “We can’t continue like this! Don’t hide! Everyone capture a hostage! Let’s see if he dares to shoot us then or not!”

Everyone was terror-stricken and quickly charged at Chen Yiran and others.

“Xiu!”

The ones who ran the fastest were killed on the spot. Every Chou family members had cold sweat on their back. Without a slight pause, they started to run even faster.

5 seconds!

They were fighting for that 5 seconds!

As long as they managed to capture a hostage in 5 seconds, they would have nothing to fear!

“Go, delay for time!”

Chen Yiran made her decision quick, “We will retreat and delay for some time. Don’t allow them to catch up!”

“Wait!”

Zhou Wang suddenly stopped the crowd. Looking at the incoming Chou family members, his eyes were cold, “As long as I can stop them for one minute, is it enough?”

“Then let me do it!”

They noticed Zhou Wang took out a rounded ball-shaped object. They had a closer look at it before their faces changed into a pleasant expression. It turned out to be plasma isolation ball.

Zhou Wang grabbed the ball and with his full force, slammed it on the ground.

Li Qiang’s betrayal had caused them to be unable to escape. Even if they hid in the war preparation area, Li Qiang could still open the door. Thus, this plasma isolation ball was useless, but at this time - the emergence of this mysterious man let him see some hope!

Shua!

A blue light ray suddenly rose, as if like a horizontal line, dividing them from the Chou family members.

It was clearly a encircled defensive shield!

“Not good!”

Chou family members madly charged at the front of the light ray.

“Peng!”

An energy reaction occurred and the Chou family members were bounced back, falling to the ground.

A plasma isolation ball, what was in front of them right now was a layer of isolated plasma. It was a super defensive measure, much better than an origin ability defensive shield. Of course, the price was horrifyingly outrageous too. Moreover, there wasn’t any market price for this, that was why it was precious. Even these wealthy children had only seen it in textbooks.

Never would they expect the Zhou family to have one and that it was given to Zhou Wang!

Everyone had a look with each other. The Chen family’s origin ability defensive shield, the Zhou family’s plasma isolation ball....the four giants of Jianghe City wasn’t as simple as it seemed on the surface.

“Peng!”

“Peng!”

A burst of gunshots resounded. Each gunshot represented the disappearance of a soul!

Very soon, almost every member of the Chou family had been killed.

Even Li Qiang, who attempted to escape, couldn’t evade Su Hao’s aim. He received a headshot! Without wearing a bulletproof vest or possessing fast agility, like Green Snake, in front of the super analysis of Su Hao, they were just fishes on a cutting board!

“No! You can’t kill me!”

Chou Huo madly shouted, “I am the successor of Chou family! Chen Haonian and others are destined to die! Only if I’m alive will you all have the chance to negotiate. Or else, when my dad arrives, you will all become corpses!”

“Your father?”

Looking at Chou Huo’s mouth, Su Hao sneered, “In such a situation, if Chen Haonian could die, then he was playing death himself!”

After aiming at Chou Huo, Su Hao did not hesitate to pull the trigger!

At this moment, Chou Huo, who was desperately shouting, suddenly lit up. This was because he saw a distant figure rapidly rushing over. When he took a closer look, he saw that it was his own father, Chou Yan!

“Dad, come save me!”

Chou Huo shouted while panicking.

When Chou Yan rushed over here, he could see countless corpses on the ground, leaving only Chou Huo shouting in the middle like a madman. All he could see was the Chen family members standing not far away, he simply couldn’t see any enemy!

What was his son shouting about?

He was at a lost but still rushed over here. However, as he rushed for the first second, he saw a madness scene. His son’s madly shouting voice suddenly stopped as a blood lotus formed on his chest. His son lifelessly looked at himself, before collapsing on the ground.

“No!”

Chou Yan shouted with all his might. His figure flashed several times, forming a few pits on the ground as he rushed to his son.

Unfortunately, when he reached his son, he could only see his son’s body which was still warm.

“No... you can’t die! Huo Er, wake up now. Wake up now!”

Chou Yan shook his son’s body in disbelief. He crazily stood up and threw a punch on to the isolation barrier.

“Ah ah ah ah ah!”

“Hong!”

As terrifying killing intent leaked out from his body. The isolation barrier began to tremble. Everyone looked at Chou Yan in shock. This was a plasma isolation layer! With just a random blow from him, he actually managed to make it quiver? With such strength, this barrier would not hold out for very long against Chou Yan!

No wonder the Chou family was such a madman!

This Chuo Yan, he had become a professional variant esper!

“Peng!”

The late gunfire finally arrived. Chou Yan subconsciously squat down and instantly confirmed the cause of his son’s death! Looking up at the direction of the gunfire, his eyes were filled with killing intent!

“Hong!”

Yet another pit was left in the ground!

Chou Yan’s figure disappeared toward a distant building.

Zhou Wang and others finally felt relieved, “Chou Yan is being led away by this senior...”

“Whew!”

Bai Lingfeng wiped off the cold sweat on his forehead, “Our strength is too far apart compared to Chou Yan!”

Yue Ying also linked arm with Chen Yiran to comfort each other. Looking at the worried look of Chen Yiran, she comforted, “Nothing will happen. Don’t worry since that senior dared to lead Chou Yan away, he naturally has his method to deal with. We better leave here fast. What if Chou Yan couldn’t chase the senior and decided to come back for us, that would be trouble.”

Senior?

Chen Yiran looked at the direction Chou Yan left. Only she was clear on the reason!

That wasn’t any senior!

It was Su Hao, that fool!

The reason he led Chou Yan away from here was to ensure her safety!

Fool!

You must survive this and come back alive!

Chen Yiran’s eyes were tearful. Silently offering her prayer, this was the first moment that she wished to possess overwhelming strength. Never had she longed for such strength before this moment when she learned that she was totally useless!

You must stay alive...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0187 Camouflage Artifact
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0187 Camouflage Artifact

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

“Professional variant esper?” Su Hao looked at Chou Yan, who was rushing toward him. Taking a deep breath, once again he aimed his sniper rifle at the figure.

“Model analysis...”

“Terrain modeling!”

“Wind speed... within controllable range.”

“Air humidity... in controllable range.”

“Calibrating...”

“Precision deviation, 0.001.”

Peng!

A shot was fired. The strong impact caused the surroundings to ring with an explosive sound.

In his model, Su Hao could easily see a bullet flying at a terrifying speed toward Chou Yan. In less than a second, the bullet arrived in front of Chou Yan.

Hong!

Su Hao was looking forward to the scene of Chou Yan being headshot, but at this moment, through the aiming lens, he saw something horrifying.

The bullet hit him!

Chou Yan, as if he felt the incoming bullet, used his right hand to block in front of him.

Pu-

The bullet entered his skin, but... just to a depth of 1cm.

Through the aiming lens, he could clearly see the bullet stuck on Chou Yan’s right hand. As Chou Yan’s body bulged with overflowing origin ability energy, the bullet was forcefully removed and fell to the ground.

“He blocked it?” Su Hao’s eyes opened wide. WTF, he could block it?

At this moment, he finally knew the reason why firearms were getting eradicated. Even if it was a combination product of technology and origin ability, this origin ability sniper rifle was not lethal in front of a professional variant esper.

Chou Yan’s figure paused for a second before once again charging in the direction of the bullet.

Looking at the incoming figure, he knew that he was in deep trouble this time... it was exactly like the previous scene of him and Dao Ba. Just that this time, he was in the reverse position.

“Run?” Su Hao hesitated. Shaking his head, he told himself that now wasn’t the right time to do so!

If he ran, Chou Yan would definitely return. Chen Yiran and others might have to face death by then! Thus, the only thing he could do now was to drag the time out!

Once again aiming at Chou Yan’s figure.

Peng!

Yet again another shot accurately hit Chou Yan!

No damage inflicted!

However, his figure halted again. Forcefully removing the bullet, Chou Yan once again charged at Su Hao.

“Damn it!” Su Hao cursed for a second. Although Chen Haonian was his future father-in-law, he actually wanted to abuse him roundly. Chen Haonian, damn you, what the heck are you doing?

------

Floral villa...

Chen Haonian and the others were held back to back. Watching several men in front, to be more accurate it should be ten people, a full ten professional variant espers! When they were having the advantage in battle, never would have anyone expect that several more professional variant espers joined the battle. Professional variant espers which are always hard to meet were now growing like mushrooms here.

“Four giants of Jianghe City?” A person ridiculed behind the ten professional variant espers. Chou Feng, the brother of Chou Yan, was also the manager of Chou family Enterprise. His origin ability talent was 18 points and his own capability musn’t be underestimated.

“Tomorrow, you all will be four dead dogs!”

“Chou Feng...” Chen Haonian coldly looked at him. “So the one behind this is your Chou family. I heard that you and Jinhua City’s Li family are pretty close. Seems that this is a joint operation between you two.”

Chou Feng was shocked for a second and then laughed out loud, “Indeed worthy of being Chen Haonian. With just a little information, you could already figure it out. True, it is the Li family from Jinhua City!”

“What about these killers?” Chen Haonian coldly sneered, “Why did the Li family themselves not come?”

“Heng! If not because of the restriction set by the Origin Ability Association, you think you guys could last till now?” Chou Feng sneered. “The Li family won’t come. As long as we give some resources to them each year, it will be alright.”

“Oh.”Chen Haonian was disappointed and even laughed later, “So, nobody from Li family came.”

Chou Feng felt strange at Chen Haonian’s reaction. Facing ten professional variant espers, he could even laugh? Although the four giants were powerful, these killers were no ordinary people. They might be struggling to have the advantage when 4v5, but currently, having to deal with 4v10, only death awaited them!

What was there to laugh about?!

“If they’re not coming, then it is about time to end it,” Chen Haonian smiled indifferently, “Old Sun, Old Yue, Old Zhou, you three step back.”

Sun Batian and others shared a glance, and then stepped back.

These four giants had been clashing with each other for many years. Although they were opponents, they did have a rare understanding, too.

“Do you know?” Chen Haonian looked at Chou Feng, “This morning, I received a message from someone that my Chen family would be targeted.”

“What?” Chen Feng looked at Chen Haonian in disbelief, “How could it be?!”

Chen Haonian sighed, “Unfortunately, I didn’t believe it much. After all, if a stranger casually told me about the upcoming attack on my Chen family on a large scale, I naturally wouldn’t believe it. But for the sake of making sure, I still secretly made some preparations.” Saying this, Chen Haonian’s face revealed a mocking smile.

Chen Feng swallowed his saliva for a bit. His face was somewhat panicked.

With the Chou family’s strength, how could they dare to face the four giants? Even if it was just one, they would be easily destroyed in a matter of minutes!

The reason this attack would be successful was because of three reasons!

First, they had used up almost all their family resources, and even resorted to borrowing some from the Li family to issue a task for the killer organization. That was why such a large scale attack had happened.

Second, Li Qiang being the insider, coupled with them, the outsiders, there wasn’t any flaw.

Third, and the most important one, the surprise factor! The four giants didn’t have any preparation! No force in Jianghe City made any preparation. Because nobody would have ever thought that there would be anyone making such a mad move. Frankly speaking, if not because of the Li family encouraging and giving them hundreds of guts, the Chou family would never-ever have dared to make a move!

And now, seeing the path of victory before him, this Chen Haonian said that he had prepared long ago?

Wasn’t he toying around with people?

Looking at the mess around, Chen Feng regained his calm. “Hehe, Chen Haonian, if you had prepared long ago, what about this tragedy, then? You’re just trying to scare people.”

“Really?” Chen Haonian smiled indifferently. His right hand gently raised up in mid air.

Strange light rays appeared from his hand. Mysterious golden lights appeared from within the ground. Resonating with Chen Haonian’s right hand, the dazzling light scene illuminated the surrounding.

At this moment, it was as if the world had changed color!

What remained was the dazzling golden light!

A golden sword appeared from out of the ground. Without causing any damage to the lawn, it seemed to slowly pierce out from beneath them.

When the Chou family and others saw this, they suddenly sucked in a mouthful of cold air.

Even the rest of four giants were startled. This thing... was the Chen family’s trump card? They had speculated on the Chen family’s strength, but never would they have thought it to be a camouflage artifact!

Camouflage artifact!

It was a terrifying item!

Since the origin ability energy of this item came from the earth, the ones affected wouldn’t just be humans and other living creatures, but also non-living things! The central outburst of origin ability energy would be the spot which showed the most powerful effect! Under the influence of origin ability energy, some magical effect would occur.

Such an item was named a camouflage artifact!

Every camouflage artifact would have this terrifying effect! Because there wasn’t any condition needed to fulfill before using it, it could produce a terrifying effect under the hands of anyone! Every time a camouflage artifact appeared, the after-effect would be so severe that it led to countless people dying! To subdue a camouflage artifact was a terribly hard feat!

At this moment, Chen Haonian had one with him!

“This sword is called Rising Light!” Chen Haonian said in an emotional tone. Holding Rising Light in his hand, a touch of gold light flashed.

Holding this Rising Light, pointing it at the Chou family, Chen Haonian smiled sinisterly, “Destroying my daughter’s coming of age ceremony, you all deserve to die!”

Shua!

A chill aura emanated from Chen Haonian’s body. As if feeling his killing intent, the Rising Light sword also reacted and emitted a very dense amount of golden light.

Chou Feng swallowed his saliva for a bit, looking at the weapon in fear.

This... was a so-called legendary camouflage artifact?

“It is just an insignificant weapon. In our hands, we have energy weapons too!” Chou Feng tried his best to comfort everyone while pointing at the energy weapons in the hands of the killers.

Each one of them also emitting dazzling light. Compared to the Rising Liight sword, they didn’t pale in comparison.

“Really?” Chen Haonian sneered, holding his Rising Light sword high up, “Time to end this...”

“Kill!” Chou Feng pointed at Chen Haonian, “Kill him! So what if it is a camouflage artifact? With ten people here, I don’t believe we can’t kill one!”

Hong!

Hearing the command, the ten killers instantly charged!

Dazzling light illuminated the dark sky. Five energy weapons produced such a bright light. In a second, the opponents had run in front of Chen Haonian and directly struck him.

Chen Haonian smiled indifferently. The sword in his hand beautifully floated in midair as he swept it across, leaving no trace behind.

Weng...

A strange sound.

As the Rising Light sword cut in midair, oh so slowly, space itself had a strange fluctuation. It seemed like at this moment, the space was torn.

As the golden light spread, it swept through the surroundings.

At this moment, the world seemed to be frozen, before instantly snapping back to normal.

The whole courtyard instantly returned to silence, a terrifying quiet.

Ten killers!

All were standing there motionless.

Not moving?

Chou Feng looked at them worriedly, “Kill, faster, kill him! You have all received the money, you can’t step back now!”

These were ten professional variant espers! Not some cabbages growing on the side of the road!

Chen Haonian was just trying to scare him. Yes, he was just trying to scare people, Chou Feng comforted himself. However, at this moment, when he looked forward, his eyes revealed panic.

Putong!

Putong!

One by one, the killers fell to the ground.

Dead!

Ten professional variant espers!

Just like that they were all dead!

And Chen Haonian only swept his sword once...

“I already said, it is over,” Chen Haonian said in a flat tone. The Rising Light sword in his hand once again slashed down.

Terrified, Chou Feng shouted, “No!”

Pu ci-

The villa once again returned to silence.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0188 The real era of origin ability
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0188 The real era of origin ability

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

“Peng!”

With a calm gaze, Su Hao took another shot. The supersonic bullet burst out from the sniper rifle. Once again Chou Yan’s figure stopped abruptly. He then lifted his head and looked towards the tall building.

Su Hao bowed his head and looked down. At this moment, an aiming lens was not needed, he was able to clearly see a figure!

On a 38-story building, Su Hao stood at the building’s rooftop. As for Chou Yan, he was standing in front of that building. While both men stared at each other from over one hundred meters, Su Hao could see that Chou Yan’s eyes were filled with an endless amount of murderous intent!

His son’s bloody revenge must be achieved!

Su Hao sneered, “I wanna see how you will come up!”

“Hong!”

A deafening sound rang out from the ground as Chou Yan used his feet to stomp the ground hard. Before forcefully landing on the windows and climbing on top of them.

“F*ck!”

Su Hao was shocked. This f*cker was completely like the Hulk! He knew that a professional variant esper was very powerful, but he had never imagined that the power would be at this level!

Chou Yan’s physical body was completely beyond the limits of any notion.

This meant Chou Yan’s origin ability talent was definitely extraordinary!

“Kacha!”

“Kacha!”

After seeing Chou Yan surge upwards meter by meter. Su Hao took a deep breath, and glanced through the aiming lens, Chen Haonian had not arrived yet.

Something could not have happened to him right?

This guy could not be unprepared right?

In the morning, Su Hao even purposely gave Chen Haonian a warning.

“My father-in-law sigh...”

“If you, old man, don’t come soon, your daughter is about to become a widow!”

Su Hao smiled bitterly as he saw Chou Yan slowly approach with his red eyes. Once again, he lifted the sniper rifle that he was holding in his arms.

“Peng!”

One shot!

It was blocked again!

But at this height, the powerful impact pushed Chou Yan a few meters back. The body that had climbed up was once again shot back down.

Chou Yan gave a sneer, and continued his upward charge.

No matter how powerful the impact of the sniper rifle was, it took 5 seconds to reset. As long as he took advantage of the 5 second time gap, he could reach the top very quickly.

Su Hao’s face was calm. He looked at Chou Yan’s shadow with a ray of light flashing in his eyes.

According to past experience, professional experts, had completed their fighting techniques.

Model analysis, start!

Character modeling!

Shua!

Flashes of bright lights caused the surroundings to become illusionary. Su Hao didn’t waste any time, and directly chose one of his cards!

“Card selection complete.... Advanced military fighting technique... model analyzing.... Model constructing...”

As the card was constructing, Su Hao didn’t slow down. Every 5 seconds, he viciously attacked Chou Yan, who was completely blocking Su Hao’s bullets. How would he know, unexpectedly, Su Hao actually was using this method to allow his ability to slowly analyze Chou Yan.

If it was any other day that Su Hao used his model analysis against a powerful professional variant esper, he would be slapped to death long ago. But at this moment, in the midst of this dangerous battle, it was surprisingly stable.

If someone was already filled with anger and hatred, would they pay attention to this?

Opportunity and danger will always coexist!

Very soon, the card construction was complete.

Advanced military fighting technique, obtained!

At this moment, the distance between Chou Yan and the rooftop was less than a few meters!

“Peng!”

Su Hao, once again, took another shot and forced Chou Yan to retreat a little. Through the aiming lens, he looked in the distance and immediately had a look of joy displayed on his face.

In the aiming lens, a figure appeared.

Chen Haonian had arrived!

His task was complete, it was now time for him to retreat!

As he was rejoicing, suddenly, a loud boom rang out.

A surge of coldness caused Su Hao to put down his sniper rifle. He shockingly discovered that Chou Yan, whose distance between him and the rooftop was more than 10 meters a second ago, suddenly charged towards the sky. An intense amount of origin ability energy exploded and Chou Yan directly charged towards him.

“Hong!”

As he saw a shadow charge upwards like a cannonball, Su Hao’s facial expression changed. He then made a sideways roll and dodged from his original position.

“Hong!”

Chou Yan’s tremendous body viciously pounded on the rooftop where Su Hao was at a second ago. Instantly the mortar of the rooftop gradually cracked, launching countless pieces of rubble flying everywhere.

“Sou!”

As Su Hao was still trying to stand up, he felt that he was locked onto by a cold gaze.

Chou Yan’s body stood still. Unexpectedly he didn’t have any rest at the slightest and continued waving his iron fists directly toward Su Hao. Strange blue rays of light converged on both of his fists, they were full of extraordinary strength.

Such terrifying speed!

Since Su Hao was unable to dodge, he quickly got up and countered instead.

“Hong!”

A powerful impact came, and it caused the whole of Su Hao to be blown away.

Chou Yan grinned as he looked at his opponent, the white figure who was less than 10 meters apart. At this point, both of them were on the same rooftop, Su Hao... had nowhere to escape!

“The white killer what?”

Chou Yan laughed crazily, “Regardless of the what killer you are, you killed my son. That’s a fact. Today you will die and have no place of burial! If you can reveal the identity of your employer, perhaps, I will give you a comfortable death.

Su Hao wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and stood up.

A comfortable death?

Employer?

Clearly, this splendid white robe that was worn by Su Hao, caused Chou Yan to believe that Su Hao was just another killer.

Looking at Chou Yan’s mad appearance, Su Hao’s hoarse voice reverberated from the rooftop, “You will not have your revenge.”

“Why, do you still have a trump card?”

Chou Yan sneered, “I’d like to see what kind of trump card a beginner variant esper like you could possess?

“Trump card?”

Su Hao’s lips raised a smile, quietly took two steps backwards. He then suddenly turned his back and charged. As he charged to the edge of the rooftop, he then made a leap, directly from a few hundred meters above in the sky.

“Sou!”

Chou Yan was obviously mad, and crazily charged over, until the edge of the rooftop but eventually had to stop. He looked at the white figure disappearing, which slowly became smaller, and fell towards the ground.

His eyes immediately displayed the look of deep regret and anger. When the killer saw that he was not able to escape, he then resorted to committing suicide!

But how could he forget about this?

However, even if he knew, he also couldn’t stop it!

This height, even with his physical fitness, when he jumps down it will become minced meat!

But, he was not able to ask who is the killer of his son.

Chou Yan cursed viciously, immediately turned around and went back. The killer who killed his son definitely had ties with Chen family. Even if the killer committed suicide, then Chen family must be sought out for revenge!

At this moment, what he didn’t know, Chen Haonian, had returned.

“Father!”

Chen Yiran looked at Chen Haonian approaching and was shocked.

“What happened?”

Chen Haonian saw the corpse-filled land and his face had a huge change, “Li Qiang didn’t protect you. Where is he?”

“Li Qiang betrayed us! That was not important! A senior rescued us, and he was taken away by the enemy, father you should quickly go and save him!” Chen Yiran said concisely.

“Betrayed...”

Chen Haonian’s pupils shrunk, seeing Chen Yiran’s nervous face, he quickly suppressed this matter. Such a matter could be discussed at a later time.

“Good, which direction are they located at?”

Chen Yiran pointed at the direction Chou Yan had ran towards.

Chen Haonian looked afar, took a small investigation device from his pouch. After quickly adjusted its settings, he put it on the ground. The device immediately flew at high speeds.

“Destination selected! Origin ability energy fluctuation detected!”

“Detecting origin ability energy, locking onto origin ability energy! Location determined, image confirmed, road condition and obstructions, none! Live streaming, please wait!”

“Shua!”

On the device, a screen appeared and an image was displayed.

Impressively it was the scene of that tall building, but at this moment, Chou Yan and a white robed person were at the balcony confronting each other, and it captured the eyes of everyone.

“Is... is this that senior earlier?”

Zhou Wang marveled.

Is it him?

Chen Yiran silently said to herself in her heart.

“I will immediately go over to help.”

Chen Haonian saw that the situation wasn’t good, immediately said this sentence before going to offer his aid. However as he had yet to depart, he saw the white shadow made his move as Chen Yiran exclaimed. That white robed killer, actually from more than a 100 meters above the ground, jumped down!

Everyone was all shocked.

Could it be....this senior had a flying origin ability talent?

Instead... no!

That shadow descended from the sky like that, and its speed was getting faster and faster, faster and faster. As Chen Haonian nervously saw this scene, he pointed at the display screen, “Lock onto the white shadow.”

He saw the display screen shook, and locked onto the shadow of the white robed person, and the vision changed accordingly.

A hundred meters from the sky, it was an instant landing!

“Hong!”

The white robe person landed on the ground viciously, splattering into a thousand pieces, and no longer had any breath.

“Dead?”

The crowd couldn’t believe it as they watched this scene.

Chen Yiran blacked out and immediately fainted.

“Yiran!”

Chen Haonian quickly held her.

Yue Ying’s face displayed a look of indignation, she pointed the display screen, “Uncle Chen, that Chou Yan is coming back! Kill him! Kill him to take revenge for senior!”

“Okay!”

Chen Haonian’s eyes were filled with murderous intent!

It doesn’t matter who that white uniform man was, after saving his daughter and everyone’s lives, he was killed by Chou Yan as a result!

This revenge, must be taken!

With all being said, it was still his fault.

What if he believed the information that the stranger’s told him this morning? Would this result still have occurred? The stranger’s information in the morning, was it sent by the white robed man himself?

The biggest deceased, the Chen family owed him too much!

“Kill!”

After contacting one of the four giants, Chen Haonian quietly went towards the distance with a gold ray of light flashing in his hands.

Five minutes later.

Chou Yan was dead.

Surrounded by the 4 giants, he had no place to escape and eventually was beheaded by Chen Haonian’s sword.

He was dead with an incomplete body!

After listening to what Chen Haonian said about the white robed killer, the whole crowd sighed. However, Sun Batian’s face flashed a strange color, because he clearly remembered, initially, the disclosure of the blue dream butterfly case, was done by this white robed killer!

Could it be that this person, was really a hero?

He wasn’t the only one who noticed it. Very quickly, news about the previous white robed person was exposed. The crowd at this moment found out, that all along, the exposure of the blue dream butterfly matter was done by this white robed person!

But this time, the white uniform person silently protected the city!

Even in the origin ability era, everyone has an origin ability talent, but compared to this person, the crowd found out, the gap between the hero and themselves, exactly how far apart they were!

After this battle and the blue dream butterfly matter, this white robed person’s act was interpreted as of protecting the city and exposing evil.

Time and time, it’s the same!

In order to prevent the Chou family from hurting the people of Jianghe City, the white robed person silently appeared again, and protected everyone!

At this moment, the white robed person had became the hero protecting the city.

It’s a pity, the only thing that was worth regretting was, that this was how reality worked, and not a hot-blooded comic, eventually, this white robed person had died....

Swiftly after Chou Yan’s death, the entire Chou family was destroyed!

This big scale attack, also completely ended. The crowd also was sent out from the war preparation area. The furious Jianghe citizens rallied and charged towards the Chou family.

The result speaks for itself.

The Chou family of more than 100 people, none of them escaped!

The Origin Ability Association and the government who were constantly upholding peace and justice, regarding this matter, they both remained silent. Because they were clear about something.

This time, there were a countless number of deaths, many powerful figures’ children were killed in the battle.

The fury of the Jianghe City needed an outlet!

And the Chou family, was a very good outlet for release.

But in the respective houses, after looking at the traumatized children, the parents didn’t comfort them, but instead patted them on the shoulder, “Welcome to society, and for experiencing the true origin ability era!”

In order to grow, the only way was to have a ceremony of blood.

After this battle, these people, then truly understood why adults always said, wait until you enter society then your worldviews will be completely turned upside down.

This was because this was the real form of the origin ability era!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0189 There is always a mishap in plans…
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0189 There is always a mishap in plans...

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

That night quietly went by.

The next day, Jianghe City was in the business as usual.

Early in the morning, people were getting busy with their life. There wasn’t even a trace of abnormality.

Nobody knew that in just one night, Jianghe City experienced a bloodbath! They only knew that the big forces in their city began to accept more members and surprisingly the requirements were reduced.

In one of the news report in Jianghe City, there was this being mentioned: Chou Yan from Chou family became a professional variant esper. With their increasing strength, they moved to other cities.

At this moment, somewhere within Jianghe City.

A young man was sitting cross-legged in a deserted small alley. Traces of origin ability energy escaped from his body. Being surrounded by a golden light, his whole person seemed solemn and dignified.

“Pu pu~”

A blue light flashed by in mid-air. A beautiful butterfly slowly appeared from mid-air. Her translucent blue wings were shining elegantly. What was shocking was in the middle of the wings, there was a figure of a beautiful girl.

Just that this time both her hands were holding a bottle of a drug and with all her might, she had carried it over here while flying.

“Hey, Su Hao. Wake up, I brought the drug here.”

“Shua!”

Su Hao opened his eyes. With a light shined in his eyes, he looked at blue dream butterfly who was struggling to hold the drug bottle, suddenly laughed.

Taking the bottle of drug, he consumed it all.

“Gudong!”

As the red drug was all consumed, a mysterious energy began to react within his body. Su Hao’s body started producing a strong heat which caused the surrounding air to distort.

As sweat kept rolling down his forehead, Su Hao was motionless.

After a moment later, only then did Su Hao feel relieved, “Indeed worthy to be intermediate body recovery drug. The effect is so strong! However, this intermediate body recovery drug is not something you can find anywhere. Where did you get it from?”

“Aiya, you don’t have to bother with it.”

Blue dream butterfly said in a pitying tone, “Someone helped you look for it the whole night before manage to find one. I have worked hard and haven’t slept yet. So forgive me please.”

“Forgive?”

Su Hao rolled his eyes and snappily said, “Yesterday, I almost fell to death... aren’t you the one who said with full confidence that there won’t be any problem?”

“How would I know that you’re so heavy? Last time, when I carried Sun Yaotian, it was really quite easy.”

Blue dream butterfly said in a weak tone.

Su Hao bitterly smiled.

Yesterday his plan was pretty good. Jumping from the rooftop so the blue dream butterfly could take him away before casting the illusion to fake his death.

But the end result...

The fake death scene was done pretty well and he, himself, almost died.

Because his physical fitness was so strong, his current weight was much heavier than Sun Yaotian at that time. When the blue dream butterfly grabbed him, both of them fell together.

Although the blue dream butterfly tried her very best to fly upward, however, during landing, he still received in damage in the form of several broken bones.

In desperation, he could only recover himself here while the blue dream butterfly looked for a drug for him to use.

“Okay, I won’t blame you.”

Su Hao helplessly waved his hand. Although she did make a mistake there, this little brat did work hard. Even if there was a mistake, he could only blame himself for not taking this factor into account. He could not really blame it entirely on the blue dream butterfly.

“Xi xi.”

Seeing him no longer blaming her, she then flew to his shoulder, “Alright, continue practicing. I am going to sleep. You played a hero to save your girl and I have to suffer the whole night. You’re terrible!”

After saying so, the air had some fluctuation and blue dream butterfly’s figure disappeared without a trace.

“This little brat...”

Su Hao helplessly shook his head.

Standing up for some stretching, a loud crack could be heard. His bones had reconnected successfully. This bottle of intermediate body recovery drug was able to cure yesterday’s injury completely.

A wave of force burst from his fists.

“My physical fitness seemed to have improved.” Su Hao calculated a bit.

In this month, regarding his body forging technique training, he did not slack in that department. Also, after all the countless of life and death battles, he didn’t know what his current state was at. When he went back, he would measure for a bit. Regarding this, Su Hao felt that it was about the right time to buy self-evaluation software.

The communication device from the natural selection class seemed to have been built with almost every hardware available.

But not much software was installed inside. There were only the school’s task store, task system, and the communication system itself. If he wanted to use other software, he could only buy them himself! One of the software he wanted was origin ability assessment software!

The error rate was within a range of 5.

This was a very valuable software. Whether it was a battle or test, it was extremely useful. The reason Su Hao didn’t buy this until now was because of one reason, it was too expensive!

500 task points!

After several battles, this assessment software seemed like a necessity for him to buy. Each time, he estimated the strength of the opponent, there would always be room for a marginal error. In a battle, accurate information might change the situation!

“This time, I will buy it when I return.”

Su Hao smiled indifferently. Then he took out another communication device, “In one night, the Chou family must have disappeared... then it is about time for me to collect my reward.”

Shua!

The virtual screen popped out!

The familiar task appeared above it.

_____________________

Target: Chou family members and every killer hired from the Liu Feng Organization

Location: Chen family, floral villa.

Task reward:

- Chou family ordinary member 10 killing points per head

- Chou family elite subordinate 50 killing points per kill

- Chou family direct descendant 100 killing points per kill

- Chou Yan 1000 killing points worth

- Ordinary killer, 60 killing points per kill

- Professional variant killer, 600 killing points per kill

______________________

This was the reward set up by the Piao Ling Organization. The moment when he left from Master Feng’s place, Su Hao already saw this news and quickly reacted.

This is the Piao Ling Organization, opposing the task of the Liu Feng Organization.

These two big killer organization, Piao Ling and Liu Feng, both of them were sworn enemies. When they get the news of the Liu Feng Organization accepting a task from the Chou family, the Piao Ling Organization quickly released this task. Unfortunately, due to time constraints, not many killers from the Piao Ling Organization resided in Jianghe City. Even those in Jianghe City did not dare to involve themselves in this messy situation.

In the end, the only one who participated was Su Hao alone.

The task information had allowed Su Hao to analyze the task completely.

The following day, he quickly made a series of plans.

From notifying Chen Haonian... to investigating the building structures near the Chen family villa... to finding the best spot for sniping...

Everything was carried out in an orderly manner. Excluding the last part which was him almost falling to death, it could be considered perfect.

“Killing points...”

Su Hao had a quick look at the note. It was pretty similar to the task point in the natural selection class. Just that the higher the reward, the bloodier it would become.

Yesterday, he had killed a dozen of them. This should be considered as having completed his task.

Just that, how did this thing detect when it was done or not?

Su Hao opened the right option of the task list and selected the task system. This was the special software made by the Piao Ling Organization. As long as you activated it before doing the task and then submitted your completion after you were done.

Yesterday before the battle, he had already activated it.

But how did this software obtain data, he was not quite sure.

“Ding ding!”

Su Hao hit the red button to submit the completion of the task. The screen refreshed and information about the task appeared in front of him.

_____________________

Submitting, please wait.

The task information is submitted.

Analyzing information.

Task assessment.

...

Task assessment done!

_________________________

“Ding - Hello, Dao Ba. Welcome to the system of the Piao Ling Organization. Please input your code name which will be used during your time with the Piao Ling Organization. Note: Your personal information has been verified. After you enter your code name, your personal information will then be completely hidden.”

“Do I have to choose Dao Ba as my code name?”

“No.”

Su Hao had a look at the clothes he was wearing and then shook his head, “My code name will be Bai Yi. (White Cloth)”

“Code name is registered. Personal information successfully hidden!”

“Ding~”

A sound rang out before the information on the screen refreshed again.

“Hello, Bai Yi. After confirming your results, during the task, you killed: 16 ordinary members of the Chou family, 10 elite subordinates, 1 direct descendant and the Chou family’s leader, Chou Yan. Your current amount of killing points are: 1760 points.”

“1760 points?”

Su Hao frowned, “This is much easier to obtain than task points.”

Su Hao was very calm. Just that, if this is heard by the other killers from the Piao Ling Organization, they would be angered to death!

1760 points!

This was worth a few months of difficult rookie killer tasks!

Only God knew that they might even accept a task which would require a countless number of days to complete and yet only obtain 300 points sometimes.

As for Su Hao’s situation, it wasn’t something which they could copy. He had the Jianghe City’s geniuses to drag this Chou Hen around and also Chen Haonian who came at the last moment for him.

He hid, himself, in the darkness with his ultra long range sniper rifle. Killing each target with one shot in a cool fashion. In just one night, obtaining 1760 points. Not to mention, he was the only killer who fired countless shots at Chou Yan. That was why Chou Yan’s death was considered his effort too.

“Piao Ling Organization...”

Su Hao pondered. The reason why he kept Dao Ba’s communication device was to prevent this kind of incident. As for the reward from killing, he had never really thought about it.

Looking at these 1760 killing points, Su Hao’s mind moved. In the Piao Ling Organization, what kind of good stuff could he get?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0190 Mechanical Bird Beast
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0190 - Mechanical Bird Beast

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

Shua!

Su Hao tabbed a few times on the virtual screen and then entered exchange system of the Piao Ling Organization.

Basic fighting technique...

Police fighting technique...

Military fighting technique...

What the task store in the school had was all present here, as well.

Interestingly, these killing points weren’t much different from the school’s task points in terms of value. It was just that, in addition the the law abiding items, there were also countless strange items. Su Hao even saw something which he was very familiar with.

Decomposing water - 100 killing points!

“100 points!”

Su Hao frowned. This was really cheap.

Su Hao deeply understood the function of this item. It was basically useless in battle, but cleaning up any trace afterwards would be very efficient. Whether it was a corpse or any other item, they would decompose without even leaving dust behind. Never would have he thought that the so-called legendary decomposing water was this cheap at only 100 points!

Scrolling down, Su Hao’s eyes widened.

All kinds of magical items were listed. Basically, as long as you could think of anything, you would be able to buy it here. Whether it was a regular drug or black market drug, everything were listed here!

As long as you paid enough killing points!

“Eh?” While Su Hao looked at the lists in a daze, he noticed an item. It was a bottle of an ordinary drug. From outer appearance, there wasn’t anything interesting or special.

But the description below was what made Su Hao’s eyes shine!

Body forging drug.

This was a drug specifically prepared for espers to train in the body forging technique and could greatly enhance the stimulation of origin ability energy. The damage produced while training would be reduced, which improved the overall effect of the body forging technique training.

Duration: 3 days

Value: 1500 points.

“It turns out to enhance the body forging technique!”

How could Su Hao not be surprised!

Out of every form of training, what he worried about the most was the body forging technique. This was because this thing could only progress slowly. No matter how good your talent, you still needed to spend a long time to sharpen it.

In a month of non-stop training, the effect of body forging technique only barely passed half. With such a rate, how long would he need to complete the training?

He didn’t know!

And this time, there was this in front!

1500 killing points!

Su Hao didn’t know how precious this killing point were. He wouldn’t care even if he knew. Because all these killing points were just extra earnings while he was at it. After considering a moment, he chose to buy it without any more hesitation.

Ding! “Purchase complete!”

Just that... how would he obtain the item?

Mailing?

Express delivery?

No matter what it was, it would expose his identity. This was too dangerous. If the Piao Ling Organization knew that he was pretending to be their killer, he would most probably be killed!

However, it turned out that he worried for nothing.

The Piao Long Organization, only when you officially became an outer disciple would a thorough investigation be carried out. Only when you were cleared by the investigation would the organization invite you to join them. In order to consider the safety of its members, besides the DNA activation communication device, there wouldn’t be any more contact.

Moreover, the Piao Ling Organization, as such a powerful killing organization, wouldn’t they take this into account?

“Detected your location in Jianghe City!”

“Random selection of point in Jianghe City... selection completed, coordinate xxx, xxx... please go to designed location to take the item at midnight sharp later...password: 9527. Three wrong attempts will cause an automatic explosion. Please be there on time.”

Ding-

Only one huge map was displayed on the screen with a red dot showing the coordinates clearly.

“Interesting!” Su Hao smiled. “Such a method, as long as I take the item on time, then it will be alright. Just that I won’t know who is sending the item.”

------

That night...

Su Hao had long ago rushed to the designated location and hid in the shadows.

When the time was 11.59 pm, a small bird appeared in sky. Its claws were holding a small box. Dropping it on the location, it then flew away.

Shua!

The little bird’s figure disappeared!

“Mechanical bird beast, even comes with stealth mode.”

He was pretty much accustomed to stealth objects, like the invisible car. But this was his first time ever personally witnessing the automatic delivery mechanical bird beast .

This world was indeed large and full of extraordinary things!

Making sure that nobody was around, Su Hao went to open the box. Entering the password, he then took out the bottle of medicine from within. 1 minute later, the box was automatically destroyed, disappearing without any trace.

Su Hao’s mind went cold.

This thing... it should have a mechanism similar to decomposing water!

The Piao Ling Organization was getting more and more mysterious.

Since the item was in his possession, it was time for him to leave the scene quickly.

At this time of night, there wasn’t a single person nearby. Su Hao directly headed home. At this time, his sister and mother had all gone to sleep. Looking at the bottle of medicine in his hand, Su Hao decided to recover back from his mental fatigue before using it.

A day seemed to be short.

For him, it was full of danger! While protecting Chen Yiran, he still had to conceal his identity at the same time. This wasn’t an easy task! The confrontation with Chou Yan at the very end which was out of his plan had been just a thin line separating life and death. Not to mention, jumping from a rooftop which was hundreds of meters high, that critical moment which depended on Blue Dream Butterfly...

Lying on his bed, Su Hao gradually felt asleep.

------

The next morning, when he woke up, the sun had already risen.

“Bro, you awake now?” Walking into the living room, sister Su Ling laughed at him.

“En.” Su Hao looked at her with a weird expression, “Brat, today you’re not going to school?”

“Bro, two days later there will be mid term exam!” Su Ling rolled her eyes. She then took out the food from the microwave and put it in front of Su Hao. Sounding unsatisfied, she said, “Heng, you didn’t come back for so many days. You really don’t care about our family.”

Su Hao smiled and eat the food while not forgetting to praise her, “Today the food is great. Brat, you cooked it right? It is much better than the one mum always cooks.”

“Bro, how can you say like this about our mum?” Su Ling rolled her eyes even though she was secretly happy to receive a compliment from her brother. Then, she suddenly thought of something, “Bro, you know how to play the piano, right?”

Pu!

Su Hao nearly sprayed out his rice.“How did you know?”

“Qie!” Su Ling said in anger, “You even dare to hide it from me. This rumor hasd already spread like wildfire. Something along the line of ‘prince of piano’. There were even some who were asking me for your communication number. No wonder when I asked you anything that day, you didn’t say anything! Hmmpphh!”

Sweat formed on his forehead.

Su Hao was embarrassed. He didn’t expect that this matter would have such big after-effect.

“You didn’t come back home for such a long time and yet, you brought trouble to me.” Su Ling then continued, “I don’t care. You have to give me compensation.”

Su Hao was dumbfounded and rubbed his sister’s head.

“Bro, my hair is going to get messy!” Su Ling was dissatisfied with him again.

“Well, two days before the exam, why don’t I spar with you?” Su Hao smiled.

“Really?” Su Ling’s eyes lit up.

Her brother usually would only come back once or twice a month. Then, after a short time, he would be gone again. This time, he actually going to be here for such a long time?

“En, of course.” Su Hao smiled, “Who is the one who said I never care about my family!”

“Hate you!” Su Ling was flustered and cleaned up the dishes. “I will go wash the dishes.”

After the meal, Su Hao accompanied his sister into the training room. He had to admit this girl’s progress once again surprised him!

It was worth to note that when Chen Yiran was in her third year, her origin ability was only 9 points!

And this time, Su Ling who was just in her second year, had already exceeded Chen Yiran. Based on his sister’s words, her aim was the best in school, save for those private students who hadn’t appeared yet. During the mock exam for the natural selection class, she wanted to be like Su Hao and grab the first spot.

Of course, the consequences of saying so in front of Su Hao was that her hair, which she just tidied up, was promptly messed up by Su Hao yet again.

After sparring with Su Ling a few times, when it was time for her to cultivate, Su Hao then went back to his room.

Body forging drug...now was the time to use it!

Opening the bottle, a trace of a strange light appeared within the mouth of the bottle. It had a mysterious feeling to it. There wasn’t any odor coming out of the bottle. Su Hao grit his teeth and drank it all up.

Gudong!

Under the influence of the drug, a strong current was moving within his body. Su Hao groaned and fought back the pain, leading the current to every part of his body. Then, following the training of the body forging technique, he began to cultivate!

Hong!

With just one action, an instant influx of energy spread throughout his body. That horrifying current nearly made him faint to the floor.

The stimulation from origin ability energy was enhanced more than tenfold!

Just a moment and he was about to collapse. Not only was Su Hao not depressed, he was extremely excited! More than tenfold... this meant that the body forging technique which required a few months to complete originally, might potentially be completed in a few days now!

Again!

Hong!

Su Hao without any hesitation started to attempt breaking through.

The weak current in his body began pulsing. Even from outside, you could see the vague power of the terrifying current!

One! Two! Three! Four! Five! Six! Seven! Eight!

Su Hao did every action step by step. It was truly difficult, and he even occasionally lost his balance and nearly fell to the ground. Under these difficult circumstances, his body forging technique began to slowly advance. Under the strong influence of origin ability energy, Su Hao’s physical fitness began to rapidly increase!

Hong!

Hong!

Su Hao was like those gymnasts, he moved in such an unbelievable way. His whole body was flashing from the current.

Ka!

Ka!

Fully immersed in training, Su Hao began to get carried away.

Unnoticeably, his level physical fitness began to slowly improve...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0191 Battle bet
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0191 Battle bet

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

Three days passed in the blink of an eye.

After practicing for a few days, Su Ling had a quick improvement after being personally taught by Su Hao, allowing her to maintain a perfect condition for the midterm exam.

And meanwhile, Su Hao was only madly training!

In fact, since his mastery of the body forging technique and the stimulation of various life and death situation, he had already improved by a large quantity. At least, when compared to the ordinary training pace. Coupled with the effect of the body forging drug, in just two and a half days, he actually achieved the point of success! If he was right, his physical fitness had perfectly reached the maximum 400 points!

Physical fitness is all about forging your body.

Besides training the body forging technique to forge one’s body, there were also battles and other hardships. That was why his progress was able to increase so rapidly in one month.

400 points is the limit of the human body!

When he reached this step, Su Hao felt a burst of noise in his mind. His whole body had this sort of wonderful feeling. It was as if his body had become agile at this moment. The feeling he felt in this world was totally different! From head to toe, his body was filled with brimming power.

He had this faint feeling that a punch of his could destroy a house!

Whether it was an illusion from the strength improvement or his real power, this feeling really made Su Hao feel incredible. This is because, in the past, he had never experienced such feelings before.

And the moment when his body forging technique was completed, it was as if he received a revelation from God.

The limit of one’s body, it is something unimaginable!

Since he had completed his body forging technique, there would not be any effect even if he kept training. That was why it was the right time now for Su Hao to move his concentration on to advanced military fighting technique. After establishing the card the other day, during these few days of training, he did read the card. Since he had mastered origin ability refinement and origin ability control, the consumption of his energy had been greatly reduced!

This was because if it was the previous him, the level of this card would require at least half a month’s worth of origin ability energy.

“Hong!”

Under the influence of the body forging drug, his body was in a very magical state.

He began to be extra sensitive to the energy within his body and also the state of his body too. Thus, when he trained advanced military fighting technique, Su Hao went into the zone, a mysterious state.

It seemed like at every moment, during training, he was super clear about every action he made.

Every time he made a punch, he could feel his own strength.

Chou Yan’s battle experience was imprinted in his brain. Under the analysis of his ability, he completely absorbed it into his brain. This formed a strange state, where Su Hao took the opportunity to display each move. Coupled with Su Hao’s solid knowledge in fighting techniques, he just spent a full day to have a full grasp of this card!

“Hong!”

Su Hao punched out with all his might in mid-air and produced a grunting sound.

In the air, you could clearly see a strong fist of wind being bombarded out, knocking over a cup about one meter away.

Su Hao was satisfied with his punch.

Just a single move and such power was produced. If he really hit someone with it, even if the target wasn’t dead, he would be seriously injured!

The maximum points in fighting technique and physical fitness caused Su Hao to fear no one!

Body forging technique, 100 points, training completed! Previously 50 points, there was now an additional 50 points!

Advanced military fighting technique, 100 points. Including 70 points from intermediate military fighting technique, there was still an additional 30 points. When he just entered the natural selection class, due to his proficiency in fighting techniques, that added an additional 10 points in his fighting techniques. Thus, it was actually a 20 point increment to be exact.

When all the points were summed up and compared to the previous him, he had increased a total of 70 points!

Su Hao smiled indifferently. Reassessing himself, since his previous origin ability was 14.9 points, his current points would be 15.6!

“Maybe... it’s the time to go back now.”

Su Hao murmured.

A few days of training had allowed him to improve his strength, but he missed the time for the battle of honor. However, with his current maxed out physical fitness and fighting technique, at least he had the ability to protect himself. This also meant that he could rest assured when stepping into the path of origin ability!

A sniper rifle was obviously very effective during low-level tasks.

However, it was only against humans. As for those berserk beasts, perhaps even the bullets would not penetrate their fur. This point was clearly shown on Chou Yan’s body.

Firearms were totally ineffective!

If a specialized variant esper was already this powerful, what about a professional variant esper then?

Su Hao’s eyes lit up.

What is the exact potential of this mutated model analysis?

He was looking forward to it!

Jianghe City, Natural Selection Class Campus.

The battle of honor had already passed several days ago. However, nobody dispersed from the school campus.

The competition between the repeaters and freshmen was getting tenser.

October 1st, the freshmen made a counterattack and even broke the record of the previous battle of honor. This really made the repeaters feel embarrassed. After all, during their time, when repeaters were getting beaten, it wasn’t as tragic as it currently was. In the first battle of honor, they had to pay the price of 22 points! Thus, this time, the repeaters swore to claim back the embarrassment.

And the previous battle of honor, Su Hao’s performance had attracted the most attention.

Thus, this time if the repeaters saw Su Hao, they would quickly get away from him or attack with a number advantage to kill him! Fang Lin was also looking forward to another fight with this man who was the only one who could injure him.

However, during the battle of honor, something unexpected happened!

Su Hao was absent!

He actually didn’t participate!

The battle of honor was almost like the best chance to collect task points. For this one day event, even Fang Lin himself was not absent, yet Su Hao dared to be absent? The repeaters, who were brimming with confidence and fiery hot blood, had almost splurted out blood.

However, since Su Hao didn’t come, wouldn’t they be able to obtain more points?

Every repeater thought so.

However, when the battle of honor started, they quickly put this idea aside.

Zhou Wang’s super talent, once again, had a huge improvement. His origin ability reached 16 points, full of strength. Chen Yiran followed from behind, her origin ability directly jumped from 12 points to 15! Bai Lingfeng and the others also were unwilling to be left behind and had some breakthroughs too.

The gap of strength between the repeaters and freshmen began to lessen.

And the most amazing thing was these students were all covered with killing intent!

Killing decisively!

Only a few people knew that they had undergone a blood baptism and entered a new stage where they were no longer the same as the previous them.

Thus, this time, the repeaters lost a total of 30 points!

Although they still won in the end, that did not make them happy. Based on such progression, perhaps it would not be long before the freshmen achieved their first victory!

For a time, the campus atmosphere was filled with competitiveness.

At this time, Su Hao finally returned.

“Huh, isn’t that... Su Hao?”

“Damn, it’s really him!”

“This brat didn’t even participate in the battle of honor. What’s the point of him returning now?”

“Don’t know. Look, that Guan Yuanzhong is there. I think a good show is happening soon.”

Su Hao just came in and already felt the atmosphere wasn’t right.

Many people were whispering. Since his physical fitness had achieved the perfect score, what improved was not just his raw power, but his overall senses too. It was just that he was too lazy to pay attention to these people.

“Ka!”

A burly figure blocked his path in front. Su Hao had a look, it was really Guan Yuanzhong!

During the first battle of honor, he was the one who had been played by Wang Lian and killed by Su Hao. Not to forget, Su Hao’s beginner military fighting technique was obtained from him.

“Need something?”

Su Hao frowned.

“Heng!”

Guan Yuanzhong laughed, “Su Hao, do you dare spar with me?”

Su Hao’s eyes suddenly squinted, “A challenge?”

“Yes!”

Guan Yuanzhong looked at him coldly, “I respect you as the top student of freshmen. Do you dare to accept my challenge?”

Guan Yuanzhong’s anger was huge.

He had confronted Su Hao twice.

The first time, he saw victory in front of him but was tricked by someone who pretended to be from the same side and then was killed by Su Hao.

The second time, due to his defeat in the battle of honor, he had to vent his anger and found trouble with Sun Yaotian. The result, Su Hao stepped forward and provoked the freshmen, who failed in the battle of honor just a moment ago, to be mad and willing to confront him.

Every time, it would always be this petty trick which made him mad in anger.

It was alright to say his mind was simple or even stupid, he didn’t mind. After all, since birth, he didn’t like things which relied on his brain. Relying on one’s own personal origin ability talent, confronting head-on with their fists is what he worshipped. Thus, that was why he was forcing Su Hao into a direct confrontation. Without anyone to help him, let us see how Su Hao is going to win!

Su Hao waved his hand boringly, “Not interested.”

Guan Yuanzhong grinned evilly, “Did I ask you whether you’re interested or not? I just want to challenge you! If you agree, that would be great. If not, I will use the means of bullying freshmen to fight you!”

Su Hao was dumbfounded.

This guy was dealing with him like Sun Yaotian!

Last time, when he confronted Sun Yaotian, was it not the same move too? A direct confrontation. However, this time, he was facing against Su Hao.

“You still have task points?”

Su Hao looked at him casually.

“I have!”

Guan Yuanzhong activated his virtual screen, while not really understanding his meaning, “700 task points left.”

“Enough.”

Su Hao smiled indifferently, “I will play with you. If you win, I will give you 700 task points. If you lose, then these 700 points will belong to me!”

“A battle bet?”

Guan Yuanzhong laughed out loud, “Great! I agree!”

Su Hao actually want to do a battle bet with him?

This guy’s brain was too funny!

How did Su Hao win in their previous confrontations, he himself was clear of it.

Had Su Hao become delusional from the advantages he had in their previous confrontations? Talking about combat effectiveness, even with Su Hao and Wang Lian teamed up together, he could still beat them with one hand!

If someone was giving him free task points, why would he not take them?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0192 2/8 principle
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0192 2/8 principle

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Nora.

The eyes of the surrounding students lit up.

More excitement to watch!

Su Hao and Guan Yuanzhong, this was definitely a clash on the heavyweight level.

Naturally, Guan Yuanzhong’s abilities did not need further description. Last month, his origin ability had already reached 15 points. At this point in time, it was estimated that he was close to reaching 16 points.

But as for Su Hao?

When he entered the school in September, his origin ability was at 12 points. In October’s battle of glory, he was still at 12 points. It seemed that the rumors were real. He had reached a bottleneck.

From now on, it would be very difficult for him to increase his origin ability level!

Although a month ago, Su Hao had purchased the body forging technique but so what?

The Body forging technique would at least take three months. In the worse scenario, it would take more than six months. This technique required long term training before it became of some use. Even if Su Hao worked very hard in this one month, he would probably only be able to train a part of it. At the most his origin ability would increase by 0.5, if that was the case, his origin ability would only be 12.5 points.

The gap between him and Guan Yuanzhong would be a full 3 points!

Such a huge difference!

As they thought of this, the crowd sighed.

After being here for two months, Luo Nan had been gradually left behind by the crowd even though he used to be in first place. Additionally, according to the school’s principle law of 2/8 sprinting, such a gap would only grow bigger and bigger!

This so called 2/8 sprinting principle law was the result of the research by natural selection class’s Tian Jiaohui.

According to this principle law, in tenth months, the first two months of increment followed by the next eight months, were actually extraordinarily close! Most of the time, it applied to every student with a stable condition.

The results of the first two months basically represented the results for the following eight months.

Of course, this excluded any chance encounters and various uncontrollable external factors. According to calculations, more than 90% of people will observe this principle law.

If Su Hao still did not gain any increments in the first two months, he would really be left far behind by a horrifying amount.

Guan Yuanzhong also saw this point. As such, he was not afraid of offending Su Hao. So what if you had powerful abilities? To these type of people who did not have a future, what was there to be envious about!

“Tonight, I will see you at the martial art building!”

Guan Yuanzhong ridiculed Luo Nan and said, “At that time, you better not act like how you did during the battle of honor, being so scared that you don’t dare to come.”

“At night?”

Su Hao slightly shook his head. “Student Guan, I don’t have any obligations to accompany you tonight. If you want to fight, let’s do it now. I don’t wish to waste too much time with you.”

“Here?”

Guan Yuanzhong was stunned.

Where was this?

This was the school entrance!

Which idiot would dare to cause trouble here!

However, after further thoughts, he understood. “I know, heh heh, you are afraid that I would destroy you, that is why this is a good place to ask for help right? Right! Killing in the school is banned. It would be different if it’s in the school—tsk tsk, don’t worry, I won’t kill you here.”

“Boring.”

Su Hao helplessly shook his head, where does this guy get his baffling confidence from?

“Since you are looking to die now, let me fulfill your wish!” Guan Yuanzhong sinisterly said.

The muscles on his whole body expanded. Once again, origin ability energy filled his whole body. From the top to the bottom of his body, he was filled with a sense of power. His whole person was like a giant. When compared to Su Hao, who was as light as the wind, they were like completely different people.

“Go and die!”

“Hong!”

Guan Yuanzhong viciously threw down a punch.

A powerful gust of wind appeared. The surrounding crowd could even hear it. With his huge fists, he viciously aimed at Su Hao’s chest and attacked. The crowd was tense as they watched.

Such power!

“Wow! This power—this guy is on the precipice of reaching the 16 mark.”

“Yeah, Su Hao is in trouble this time.”

“It’s too horrific, just the surrounding powerful winds are already near my power level, exactly how powerful are those fists?”

In the eyes of the crowd, Su Hao seemed to be scared silly as he did not have any reaction at all.

“Hong!”

A punch landed but no cry rang out.

The crowd looked once again and were shocked. They could not believe the scene before their eyes.

Guan Yuanzhong’s horrifying fists were blocked by a plain hand right before him. It was simple and without any fancy moves.

However, due to this hand, Guan Yuanzhong’s fist had been completely stopped and he was unable to move.

“Ah!”

Guan Yuanzhong’s face turned red as if he was suffocated. He mustered all the strength of his right hand and forcefully pushed downward. Above his right arm, the blue veins of his arm were exposed. It was as if those blue veins on his arms was an intertwined worm, it was very aghast.

Compared to Su Hao’s calmness, it was a sharp contrast!

However, no matter how much strength he used, he was not able to move even an inch.

“As I said before, I don’t have the time to play with you.”

Su Hao sneered and his right hand viciously pinched down.

“Ka cha!”

“Ahh-”

Guan Yuanzhong’s face twisted as he let out a cry. Just like that, his right arm was crippled by Su Hao. The fingers of his right hand were completely displaced and they were horrifyingly twisted as fresh blood spilled over.

“Peng!”

Su Hao then followed this up his leg and viciously kicked out.

“Hong!”

Guan Yuanzhong’s huge body fell to the ground.

Su Hao walked over and pressed Guan Yuanzhong’s communication device. He transferred 700 task points to himself before he smacked Guan Yuanzhong’s face. “Don’t keep screaming. If I were you, at this moment, I would go to a medical facility. Otherwise, if this hand is crippled, I won’t help you.”

After he finished his words, Su Hao indifferently left.

Guan Yuanzhong’s whole body was in pain but soon he regained his clear mind.

He stood up with difficulty and he walked towards the medical facility in embarrassment. It was like what Su Hao had said, if he did not get medical treatment in time, his arm really would be crippled!

This is Su Hao...

Guan Yuanzhong’s eyes flashed a look full of resentment but it was just resentment. Deep within his heart, he was a little fearful. It only took one move—no—not even one move. Su Hao had only casually acted and he was completely defeated.

Was that really Su Hao, who had an origin ability of 12 points?

Bafflingly, Guan Yuanzhong felt a deep fear toward him!

He even decided that after completing the next task, he must buy some origin ability assessment software no matter how expensive it was! Because in this world, the scariest thing would always be those who hid their own abilities from others.

After Su Hao left, Guan Yuanzhong also left.

The crowd looked at each other.

This result, was out of their expectations—because it was inconceivable!

Guan Yuanzhong losing was a considered outcome.

Although the possibilities were low but in accordance with the precedence set by Su Hao’s past battles, it was not impossible for him to leapfrog levels and beat someone stronger than him. However, in this engagement, it was completely beyond everyone’s expectations.

Instant kill!

Even if it could not really be counted as an instant kill, it was a still a complete destruction and a one-sided humiliation!

The current Su Hao, how strong was he exactly?

Among the crowd, there was a youth. After he looked at this scene, he displayed an indifferent smile. His face even revealed an interested look.

Beside him, a bunch of slightly immature students said in astonishment, “Guan Yuanzhong couldn’t even receive his one move. Brother Yi, this Su Hao, how strong is he exactly?

The youth who was called Brother Yi smiled indifferently. He looked at the data displayed on the screen.

“Target origin ability assessment complete, target assessment: Su Hao, theoretical foundation 190 points, fighting techniques 400 points, physical fitness 400 points, ability index 570 points, total 1560 points, standard origin ability: 15.6!”

“15.6 ah...”

The youth’s eyes flashed a slight ray of light. “In two months time, his origin ability has increased by 3.7 points such speed... Zhou Wang and Chen Yiran also increased by 4.0, and those freshmen who increased 3.0 and above... this generation of geniuses, are surprisingly many! It looks like me and Fang Lin have to work harder.”

Natural selection class campus, the theoretical foundation lesson just ended.

Chen Yiran walked out of the classroom. Her eyes were chilly. After that battle, it was as if she had matured a lot. Her whole person also had a special flavor compared to the past and she was now much more attractive.

Many students peeked at her.

Ever since her return from the battle of honor, it seemed that Chen Yiran had changed.

Although the Chen Yiran of the past was cold, it was merely on the surface. However, this time, even if others looked at her, they would feel a chill that came from her heart. Sometimes, as people walked past her, they could felt the coldness from her whole body.

Icy cold!

Was this because of her origin ability talent?

The crowd silently guessed.

However, it has to be said that people can sometimes be quite lowly.

After Chen Yiran’s whole person went through a major change, in just a moment, she had been promoted from being the school flower of the past into the ice queen goddess in their eyes!

And to a certain person, Chen Yiran’s transformation caused his lust for her to be even more irresistible.

“Yiran!”

Sun Yaotian appeared with a bunch of fresh flowers in his hands and he affectionately said, “Yiran, the family’s decision, you probably already know. This was my suggestion to my father. Because I feel that I didn’t want this type of feelings. Only through genuine pursuit can you feel my sincerity.”

It cannot be!

The crowd was speechless for a moment, this guy was at it again?

Didn’t Chen Yiran reject him many times in the past? How many fresh flowers were fed to the bin! From the past till present, no one had such stubbornness!

Just as the crowd had no strength to complain, they were astonished when they saw Chen Yiran actually accept this bunch of fresh flowers.

WTF!

Was it true or false?

She accepted it?

This type of person could also be wanted?

The crowd was astonished. The characteristics that Sun Yaotian possessed, everyone knew clearly. Could it be that just by being thick skinned could also attract others even as someone who did not have anything good from top to bottom?

Sun Yaotian gulped. He was pleasantly surprised when he saw that Chen Yiran had accepted the bunch of fresh flowers. His heart was excited for a moment and he trippingly imagined—could it be that Chen YiRan was finally touched by him?

As he was imagining things, a strange noise rang out.

“Ka cha!”

“Ka cha!”

As the crowd looked on, they immediately found out to their horror that the bunch of fresh flowers was inexplicably frozen in Chen Yiran’s hands. The terrifying ice began to spread upwards from the bouquet.

Very quickly, a perfect bunch of red roses was frozen to blue.

Underneath the sunlight, the red and blue colors mixed. It was crystal clear and very beautiful.

However, as the cold spread from the bouquet, Sun Yaotian to subconsciously took a step backward. With some awkwardness he smiled and said, “That... Yiran, are you blaming me for not being there on that day? After your birthday, I went to drink, I really didn’t know what happened later. Otherwise, I surely would have been in front of you to protect you, really!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0193 Being refused till the end…
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0193 Being refused till the end...

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Nora.

Sun Yaotian explained with a lingering fear.

Who the hell would know!

That night, after he was angered by Su Hao, he went straight to the Golden Nightclub and found a girl to vent his anger. Never would he have expected that the next day he woke up, everything would have changed! Sun Batian was worried for a long time and then found him in one of the rooms in the nightclub. Sun Batian almost crippled him on the spot!

However, after Sun Yaotian heard about the incident that had happened last night, he felt a lingering fear.

So many people had died.

With his subpar standards, could he have survived?

He could not say for sure!

If he was dead, then it would be a great loss. Without a hint of embarrassment, he instead felt lucky.

Just that, in front of Chen Yiran, he naturally had to say a different version.

“Kacha!”

Two soft sounds broke his thoughts.

The ice-like bouquet instantly floated in mid-air.

Countless ice crystals that were like petals floated in front of Chen Yiran. Under the reflection of the sunlight, a beautiful blue light was revealed. A bouquet of flowers, ninety-nine roses formed countless ice crystal petals that floated in mid-air. At this moment, Chen Yiran gently waved her hand and those petals began to move.

Countless ice crystal petals grouped together like a torrent and rushed forward!

It was full of killing intent!

“F*ck!”

Sun Yaotian’s face changed.

His figure instantly retreated. With the activation of his origin ability, he covered himself with the iron element to withstand the attack. The iron surface had a thickness of one centimeter.

Sun Yaotian squatted down to the ground and let those petals hit him.

“Dingding dangdang!”

A metallic impact continued to ring.

When these frozen petals completely shattered, Sun Yaotian’s whole body was covered with all sorts of iron pitholes. This clearly showed the strength of the ice crystal.

“Shua!”

As the iron element on his body vanished, Sun Yaotian swallowed a bit of his saliva. He looked at Chen Yiran in front of him. “You... can’t be serious right?”

Because of the relationship between them, no matter how much Chen Yiran hated him, she never had the intention to kill him. But never did he expect, yesterday just...

Today, Chen Yiran almost killed him!

“This is the first warning.”

Chen Yiran faintly spoke as her cold killing intent locked onto Sun Yaotian. “Yiran is not a name you can call. If I hear you call me that again, I’m going to kill you.”

“Si~”

Everyone sucked in a mouthful of cold air. Chen Yiran was really serious!

Exactly what had happened?

Chen Yiran looked at Sun Yaotian, who was a bit horrified. She shook her head and turned away. Her expression was a bit sad—Su Hao, are you having a good time over there?

Every time she thought of that day’s scene, she would wake up with a nightmare.

That white figure had jumped down just like that from a height of hundreds of meters, that figure also made her heart fall all along! Others might not know it but she clearly knew who that person was—it was Su Hao!

That few words on the virtual screen seemed to be his last words.

The next day when she woke up, she cried for a long time.

She hoped that this, more than anything else, was all just a dream.

Her coming of age ceremony, she received the most romantic gift. Never had she expected to lose her most important person after the end of the party.

How she wished to receive a message when she woke up that day.

I miss you, my Su Hao.

“Fool, I will quickly regain myself and then take good care of Ling Er and aunty!” Chen Yiran sadly thought of this. However, at this time, a loud voice came from behind.

“Huh, isn’t that Su Hao?”

Chen Yiran’s leaving figure suddenly turned stiff. Her whole body was startled as she was stunned on the spot.

“Su Hao?!”

Chen Yiran turned her head in disbelief. She was shocked to find a figure walking toward her, plain and calm.

It’s him...

He’s still alive!

“Hong!”

Countless ice crystals shined. A cold light flashed from the crowd as a figure passed by. Chen Yiran had already arrived in front of Su Hao and stared at him in disbelief.

“Ai?”

Su Hao was shocked.

He had just entered and suddenly saw Chen Yiran rush to him in madness. He felt that the situation here was not really right. What had happened exactly?

“You...”

Without she even finished her words, Chen Yiran suddenly hugged him. That hot temperature let him feel a bit warm and also some disbelief.

After he hesitated for a moment, he still patted Chen Yiran’s back and hugged her with a hand.

The surrounding crowd was quiet. Nobody dared to speak.

For a long time.

Chen Yiran looked up. Su Hao wiped away the tears on her eyes and gently asked, “What happen?”

Chen Yiran bit her lips. “That day, that person... was you?”

“En.”

Su Hao nodded. From the moment he shot, he already knew that he could not hide it from Chen Yiran. That was why he admitted it.

“Bastard!”

Chen Yiran hit his body fiercely while she sobbed. “Who asked you to save me! Who let you jump off that floor! Why didn’t you send me a message! You’re clearly alive, I thought you...”

Su Hao bitterly smiled and instantly understood the situation here.

The scene on that day, they actually saw it all?

Since they were separated so far, that was why he felt safe to jump. Never did he expect that Chen Yiran would witness it too and would even think that he was dead. That illusion was used to deceive Chou Yan. Never did he expect it to trick them too.

“I’m just worried about bringing you any trouble.”

Su Hao bitterly smiled. Wasn’t it because of this that both of them had not been in contact for quite some time?

“I know.”

Chen Yiran whispered.

Biting her lips, Chen Yiran’s face was a bit rosy. As if she had made a decision, she suddenly raised her head. While Su Hao was still shocked, she held him and kissed his lips.

“!”

Su Hao opened his eyes wide as he looked at Chen Yiran, who clung on him tightly.

His mind became totally blank!

Damn!

Brother actually got a kiss stolen?

As he looked at Chen Yiran who hugged him tight with her inexperience kiss, he felt it was funny. Her lips were in contact with his but she was clueless of the next step. He hugged her in a comfortable way and both of their bodies became close as they shared a passionate kissing moment.

Su Hao directly used his tongue to pry open Chen Yiran’s mouth and explored around. Chen Yiran had never experienced such a thing before so her eyes became wide open. She subconsciously wanted to retreat but was hugged tightly by Su Hao. After she struggled for a few times and failed, she gave up and closed her eyes.

What was this joke?

After you kissed me, you want to run away?

The surrounding crowd was dumbfounded.

WTF - was this the ice snow goddess from two days ago? Furthermore, she was even the one who took the initiative to kiss. Everyone felt that their view on this world had changed.

Were they living in the same world?

If they pursued a girl in the same manner, there would always be one who had it on easy mode. Not only that, he would have cheats activated too. As for them, they felt as if they were playing purgatory mode?

The kiss lasted for several minutes.

It was a long duration.

Su Hao then let off Chen Yiran who was about to be breathless. That red rosy look of hers really made him feel blissful. Despite this, he quickly thought of their identities and asked with some worries, “Won’t this bring you any trouble?”

Chen Yiran shook her head and laid on the arms of Su Hao.

“It has been canceled.”

“En?”

Su Hao looked at her puzzledly. “What is canceled?”

“That contract.”

Chen Yiran sweetly said.

“You mean...” Su Hao was a little surprised, “You mean...”

“En.”

Chen Yiran nodded her rosy face. “Because of Sun Yaotian’s performance that day, he got caught red-handed in Golden Nightclub while everyone was in a life and death situation. Thus, he basically received the outrage from the public. Even mum was unable to withstand this. So, yesterday both Chen and Sun family nullified the contract.”

“Heh!”

Su Hao sneered and said, “This guy, he really couldn’t change his habits.”

Chen Yiran hugged him comfortably and did not want to say anything more. All she wanted was to enjoy this rare happiness.

“But returning back to the real topic...”

Su Hao pretended to look at her in amazement. “Even if the contract is nullified, you don’t have to be that hungry right. My lips were almost swollen...”

“Hate you!”

Chen Yiran kicked him in annoyance, her face was red in embarrassment.

“Haha!”

Su Hao laughed and grabbed her hand. “Come on, let’s go somewhere else. There are so many onlookers surrounding us here.”

Chen Yiran curled her lips. “Let them be envious then.”

After she finished her sentence, she firmly held Su Hao’s hand. Her original elegance had been restored!

The previous Chen Yiran had come back!

Su Hao felt the warmth in his hand and also a burst of happiness. At first, he thought he would require a few years... he thought he could only look from afar... this moment of warmth made him feel the happiness he sought.

Both of them left.

Everyone was envious. At the corner, Sun Yaotian—whose body was decorated with red dots from the attack earlier—was displaying a crazy look of jealousy. He really could not understand! That night, he did leave but he was not the only one who left. Didn’t Su Hao leave earlier too?

Both of them left the party earlier but why was the gap in treatment between them so huge?

A mouthful of old blood sprayed out and Sun Yaotian almost fainted.

Everyone glanced at him. Nobody bothered with him.

In the natural selection class, this trash would always be an object of contempt!

The next few days, Su Hao and Chen Yiran were always seen together.

Eating together, practicing together, sleeping together...hold on, the last part has not happened yet. In short, these past few days, Su Hao had been immersed in a blissful feeling. At first, he thought that before he graduated from university, he could only dream of this happiness... Sure enough, happiness was something one needed to fight for!

After he had struggled for so long, it was finally time for Su Hao to enjoy this hard won warmth.

Fortunately, his training was not left behind.

In a few days, Su Hao ensured that he was able to combine and perfectly integrate his body forging technique with his maxed out physical fitness and fighting techniques.

After all, a sudden increment in strength might cause instability in one’s grasp of the essence during battle.

After a few days of training, he was finally able to stabilize his body and make his basic tempering solid!

As for his origin ability talent, after he sought for many inquiries, he finally found out that the database of origin ability refinement was available in the school library!

Just that it was a special library!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0194 Bitter Talent
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0194 - Bitter Talent

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

There were two libraries in the natural selection class campus. One was a virtual library which hold hundreds of millions of pages of information. Basically, every book which was open to public could be found here. Previously, when he searched for information related to origin abilities, Su Hao came here.

However...

In addition to this virtual library, the school had another library, a physical library.

Here is where all physical books were stored. Those written in pen and ink, and also many personal notes which were precious and left behind during the turbulent period of the origin ability era.

Those books related to origin ability were unusually precious.

To check for information here, you had to come personally and each hour you had to pay 10 task points!

Entering the physical library...

Inside, everything was neat and clean, sorted out in a right order. Su Hao headed straight to a small section about modeling types.

Compared to the other sections, there were only a handful of books here.

Su Hao picked up the topmost book and suddenly a cloud of dust rose.

Ke ke... Su Hao coughed. His face revealed a trace of a smile. This modeling type origin ability was really a rare one. Such a thick layer of dust, it must be nobody had come for this for years. No, perhaps since the establishment of the natural selection class, there had not been a student with the modeling type ability?

If so, being able to access these few books could be considered as a golden opportunity.

First book, The Model World in my Heart.

Su Hao carefully flipped over and had a look at the contents. His forehead wrinkled. This was one of the modeling type origin abilities. It was written from the writer’s point of view, gradually forming a story, he would explain about his model world. However, there wasn’t much information relating to the origin ability talent. Instead, it had more trivia life stories and also his knowledge about the surprises of his model world.

It was all just a rough explanation of the relation between origin ability and modeling.

Su Hao even had doubts about the person who wrote the contents, perhaps he didn’t even have any origin ability talent yet?

Helplessly putting that book down, Su Hao took out the last one from the shelves.It was also the thickest one. The heavy texture gave a different feeling to his touch.

After clearing off the thick dust, a few words appeared in front of his eyes, Modelling Type Origin Ability Talent Statistic Manual.

“Statistic? Modeling type?” Su Hao was startled.

Flipping past the title page, the small print above stunned him. He had this faint premonition that this was the book he was looking for.

“Modeling type origin ability, so far 18 types had been discovered.”

Su Hao kept looking further in. In just a moment, he was completely attracted to it. After an hour’s duration, he was completely immersed into the contents of this book. Introducing 18 types of similar modeling type origin abilities had really opened his eyes wide, making him to gasp in amazement.

Was the modeling type ability always like this since it made its debut?

Of course not!

It was said that when the modeling type ability made its debut, it became hot! Because there were many aspects of life it could be applied to. Building construction required modeling! Weapon production, vessel construction, aircraft, car, anything which needed to be build ultimately need this word, modeling!

At that time, it was the era of flourishing modeling type ability..

But it was also the most dazzling peak period.

But, the good days didn’t last for long. Soon, firearms were disposed of and banned. Ships, aircraft, cars; their models were basically completed. With the aid of computer, a little tweaking would produce a new product, thus eliminating the need of the modeling division.

At present, the only industry which still needed modeling was none other than the construction industry!

Because this era was in chaos, destruction of houses was pretty common. Naturally, to rebuild them, there was an influx of demand for modeling.

It was said that there was once a city which was nearly wiped away completely due to a berserk beast tide. Later on, the government and Origin Ability Association decided to rebuild it. Countless houses and urban planning were handled over to the model construction division. A large number of architects then became famous. That famous grade E model analysis architect was one of them.

Just that, after the recent confrontations between men and berserk beasts, the world seemed to be more peaceful. Berserk beasts no longer dared to attack cities populated by humans. For a long time, this had not happened. Coupled with some people who had virtual or computing type abilities, this led the the modeling construction division to once again face a dilemma.

The construction field, IT field, literature field; these were known as the three industries facing the greatest hardships!

Not to mention those in these fields not gaining much income, but compared to other industries, these three seemed more like a perfect pyramid.

The top people in the industry, easily raked in hundreds of millions annually!

The middle layers, to get such amount, perhaps hundred of years were required.

The lower the layer, the more individuals in it. And the undermost layer, numbering in the millions, they would doubtlessly only receive a few thousand star dollars.

The content behind this was all about how to survive in the world of construction.

As for its combat ability? It had long been ignored...

There were thousands of origin ability talents for combat. There really wasn’t any need for daily life origin ability talents to challenge their spot.

Su Hao carefully looked down. Those 18 types modeling talents were described a bit by their ranking and analysis. And his model analysis ability sadly was ranked 16th!

16th!

Su Hao himself was shocked.

Although he knew that model analysis would be a harsh field, but... among all 18 types of modeling abilities, his was ranked 16th?

This was really a bitter talent!

“Is it really that bad?” Su Hao dared not believe this, it was his first time being evaluated from a different perspective by a senior.

Model analysis, grade E.

Within the 18 types of modeling ability, it wasn’t outstanding. Or you could even say it didn’t have any place here! If those grade F abilities were to be ignored in the ranking, his ability would be proudly getting first place...from behind!

There were several types of modeling classes.

The virtual design modeling, virtual construction modeling, real life construction model, ecological environment construction. When these few models were built together, then a perfect ecological environment model could be established! You could then easily build a city and its residences.

The virtual construction model, there was one called ‘Virtual Construction’, a grade D talent. Basically, its function was to build a virtual model. Whatever style or variation could be perfectly built. As for model analysis, you must see it with your own eyes before being able to build it...

To be more precise, since you’re able to see one, what was there any reason to simulate it?

This was just doing twice the work!

In several other aspects, it was basically the same story. For example, in physical modeling construction, model analysis did had its uses there. But in the notes of the world famous architect, to achieve such a realm, one would need to achieve the so-called legendary fourth realm!

The fourth realm...

Grade C ability, ‘Entity establishment’, easily solved this problem! As long as there was a virtual or shadow model, the user of this talent could easily build the real life model out of it.

Not to mention about ecological environment construction. It seemed like model analysis did have such ability, too.

But the summoning of a real life model, could it compete with this large scale ecological environment? This seemed to be a higher level that nobody was able to touch it.

And this point, a Grade C origin ability talent, ecology simulation could complete it.

Looking at the thousands of words lengthy analysis, Su Hao felt bad. So, his predecessors were saying that he had a model analysis ability which he should be ashamed of.

Model analysis seemed to be involved in every step in construction, but each step was poor and inefficient.

In theory, if model analysis was strong enough, a person could complete the work from analysis to completion! Killing off every other ability, but a theory was just a theory... just the so-called fourth realm, countless people were already having difficulty stepping into this realm for the rest of their life!

“Seems that it was a bit bitter!” Su Hao felt ashamed.

Just that, his mind had a turn. Su Hao thought and then looked at the description of the process. Modeling construction was also a pipeline process, as long as he concentrated on one function, that would do.

Since he couldn’t get involved in all areas, then if he started from one field, that should be all right. Not to mention others, completing an analysis on a person and creating a virtual model of the individual shouldn’t be a problem, right? There were so many fields involving model analysis, there must be one which was suitable. Although it might be a bit slow, that didn’t justify its 16th ranking!

Continued to read further, the next pages answered Su Hao’s question.

If only because of these reasons, being able to multitask in many fields, his power still wouldn’t be ranked last. The reason his ability was ranked 16th was because of this one weakness, which was that the consumption of energy was too huge!

According to the author’s estimation, the same virtual modeling construction and model analysis had 10 times more consumption than other modeling type abilities!

10 times!

This meant that he had to spend 10 times the effort just to match others!

Moreover, due to the potential factors, a lof people who had model analysis were stuck at 6 to 8 points, and it was hard to improve any more because they were poor!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0195 Route of development
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0195 Route of development

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Nora.

The resources required for training were difficult to obtain.

This was especially true when one’s origin ability talent was not suited for combat, such as model analysis.

The initial stages of model analysis basically needed an unlimited investment of resources while receiving zero in return!

For ordinary people, who could withstand such a burden?

After all, not everyone would be like the master of architecture, who just happen to have the ability at the right time. At that time, his ability was desired and helped rebuild cities with endless amount of funds and resources.

Thus, the ultimate result was that these people gave up on their origin ability and trained their physical fitness to find some odd jobs to gain money.

“Damn it...”

When he saw this, Su Hao also felt sad.

The consumption of origin ability, he had experienced it first hand. For a long period of time, his origin ability energy was always in a state of near exhaustion. Even if he did not use it to read a card, an occasional terrain modeling was more than enough to drain everything instantly! Only at a later stage, when he had mastered origin ability refinement and origin ability control, did the consumption rate ease.

If he was in such situation, what about others?

Those who worked in the field of building models?

No wonder, one by one they began to neglect their own origin ability and relied on their own physical strength to survive. For ordinary citizens, whatever glory and contribution to mankind was all b*llshit. All they want was to survive! To survive in this chaotic era!

When he continued to read further, it was as he predicted.

Su Hao saw the final judgment of this predecessor in regards to model analysis.

Origin ability talent: Grade E model analysis

Final evaluation: A talent that is worth next to nothing and is the most pitiable! Among all model type talents, it is the most extensive and practical, yet the lowest!

“Pa!”

Su Hao suddenly closed the book. In this one hour, he had absorbed a lot of information and was shocked too. He needed to take some time to rest and slowly digest what he had learned.

To tell the truth, before he came here, he had already been mentally prepared for the worse case scenario regarding his model analysis.

After all, the Origin Ability Association had rated his ability talent as grade E. Naturally, such decision had its reasoning. However, Su Hao had never thought that model analysis was at the bottom of the bottom among grade E abilities!

If they had not considered model analysis’s scope, it might even be demoted to grade F.

Such talent being rated as next to nothing... was it really the same model analysis he had?

After he thought for a moment, Su Hao obtained his answer.

Yes!

A definite yes!

From the descriptions by this predecessor, he also had a full understanding of model analysis. Even if his model analysis did not undergo a mutation, it would still have a lot of usage in battle.

Such a talent, was it really a grade E talent?

“Terrain modeling... character modeling... card modeling... experiment modeling... life detection... prediction line...” Su Hao quickly recalled every function he discovered.

These were a few abilities which he had found out himself. Based on his prediction, even if he did not have the mutation, he would still be able to master terrain modeling, character modeling and prediction line!

Even experiment modeling, if he were to train to a later stage, he would still be able to master it!

The mutation of his talent only accelerated his progress by a step.

These little abilities provided a lot of aid and he was clear of them. Regardless of it being considered a grade E talent, it was definitely more than the grade E level when all these little abilities were utilized together. Coupled with his potential and the correct model analysis, the real grade should not be at grade E.

But why it was so low?

Su Hao pondered about it and finally understood.

The reason was not more than a word, persistence!

From the start of the origin ability era, how many people had mastered model analysis? Only a number in the hundreds. Additionally, among these people, how many had actually managed to achieve more than 10 points in origin ability?

The only one with fame was that master of architecture.

Moreover, his success was due to the blooming era of city reconstruction and he had endless resources for him to spend. It was a success which could not be copied. No matter what kind of architect you were, living in such a period would eventually lead to your rise!

Whenever a new ability talent appeared, the assessment of the Origin Ability Association would always be based on the actual situation.

No matter how you exaggerated it, actual survival and fighting moments were the best criteria for assessment. Those more than a hundred people who had a similar model analysis ability but gave up were the best proof that this talent was indeed a waste! The Architect Association also made such evaluation on it!

In the end, after they referred to multiple data sources, the Origin Ability Association decided to only grade it an E.

However, at this time, the amount of information which Su Hao could obtain from his model analysis... such an assessment was definitely underestimating his true potential.

Model class origin ability talents were all in the same class category and were useful in daily life.

Thus, this model analysis was placed under the same category too. It was categorized as something useful in daily life. However, Su Hao was very clear that this ability was still very useful in the fighting department.

The correct assessment should be like this instead!

If one looked from the angle of daily life, it was indeed a grade E talent. However, in terms of fighting, it should be grade D!

If he could complete the cultivation system of the model analysis in future, this ability would at least reach grade C or even higher!

“I will look forward to such a day!”

Su Hao smiled indifferently.

His mind was moving like electricity but in reality, only a few moments had passed. Model analysis was not just an ability which improved his strength but also enhanced his thought!

He became even more intelligent!

This was not something other abilities could compare with. Although there was not anything to prove this point, Su Hao had a faint feeling that his thinking speed was faster than before and his reactions had become more sensitive too.

After he finished reading the part about model analysis, Su Hao continued to flip this book in his hand.

Besides model analysis, all 18 non-combat ability talents were described in details and evaluated! The highest was only at grade C!

However, since it could reach such a level, it was already considered powerful for a non-combat ability talent.

Su Hao quickly read and imprinted all the details within his brain.

Although model analysis seemed weak, it was interesting to note that the goal to struggle for each model class origin ability seemed to be consistent. This allowed Su Hao to vaguely see a path... it seemed he could find out the direction for his development from other model class abilities?

It did not matter if his talent had undergone a mutation or not, his ability was still based on modeling. Thus, if he wanted to improve his origin ability, the most fundamental factor would be improving the model analysis itself!

“Does not seem like a bad discovery.”

A light flashed within Su Hao’s eyes. It seemed that each of those model class abilities had a specific direction it had to take. Then, if he linked them all together, wouldn’t his model analysis ultimately be enhanced? This meant what they could train was also what model analysis ability users could practice too?

Origin ability energy consumption was too huge?

No problem!

He had already mastered beginner origin ability refinement and origin ability control. His consumption rate had dropped significantly. He definitely would not exceed others by a large margin.

A huge amount of resources need to be consumed?

No problem!

Since he was a pianist and a pharmacist—coupled with his strong combat capability—Su Hao felt that he could still feed himself if he struggled.

From now on, everything seemed to be going well.

Study model analysis itself...

Then start to divide model analysis...

Find the real difference between his mutated ability and the original version...

In just a short time, a clear short term route had been planned out clearly in his mind.

“The next step, should be to find those other users of model analysis...”

After he put back the book, Su Hao left the library after the required task points were deducted.

In just a day, Su Hao had a new understanding of his model analysis and even how to enter a new level. However, to really enhance his model analysis, he would still need to take a long period of time.

Regarding this, Su Hao feared no one!

Peng!

Peng!

Peng!

In the school martial art building, a figure flashed. A man and a woman were having a lightning war. Every fist clash was full of forceful impact. The resounding echo showed how powerful there force was.

“Hong!”

Suddenly, a huge amount of origin ability energy burst out from both of their hand!

As both of the energy sources confronted each other, they quickly transmitted to the surroundings before it dissipated.

Both of them were forced back by the impact and retreated a few steps before they finally decide to stop.

Next to them, a girl rushed over and wiped the sweat off the young man. The lady opposite them revealed a helpless look. “Yiran, your master is so tired like this. Yet you only take care of your lover?”

Chen Yiran gave her a cursory glance. “Master, is it an accomplishment to tease your student? Su Hao’s fighting techniques were only maxed out recently. How could he withstand being bullied by you?”

“Puchi-”

Su Wan burst into laughter. “Just maxed out? Look at him when he was fighting just now. Where can you see him as a student who has just maxed out recently? He is definitely an old timer! Making his move decisively, en... let’s be honest here. Su Hao, where did you learn all these fighting techniques?”

“Hehe.”

Su Hao touched his head and did not say anything.

When girls talked among themselves, it was best to not intervene.

These past two days, Chen Yiran was as like a little girl who got jealous easily. As for Su Wan... this witch, she seemed to love tricking people. If he was not careful, he might step into the pit set up by her. As for her questions, it was best to remain silent.

“Heng!”

Looking at his expression, Su Wan curled her lips. “Yiran, am I such a strict tutor?”

“Xixi.”

Chen Yiran laughed without saying a word.

“Alright then, you two little brats.”

Su Wan felt helpless as she looked at these two love birds.

“I have a task here which is very much related to Yiran’s origin ability talent. Before the school released the task, I managed to book it. It might take a long time to complete. Originally, I planned to bring Yiran with me. However, with the recent with the new development between you two, would it be polite to ask if you want to go or not?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0196 Intimidation Strength
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0196 Intimidation Strength

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

“Task?” Su Hao and Chen Yiran glanced at each other.

Under normal circumstances, tasks were usually accepted via the school task system. However, for Su Wan to intercept this task before it was listed, it must have been a good one! However, both of them were just enjoying their sweet time recently and rapidly progressed. To separate from each other at this time, they were a bit reluctant.

“How long?” Chen Yiran asked.

“The earliest would be one month. Up to several months!”

“This...” Chen Yiran looked at Su Hao.

Su Hao hugged her and laughed, “You don’t have to care about my opinion. You have to care about your own development too. After all, this is the era of origin ability.”

“En.” Chen Yiran nodded, “I will go!”

The incident last time made her feel that she was completely useless. Although her strength was considered great among her peers, and her origin ability talent was one of the best, she couldn’t help but feel weak in front of Su Hao. This was even more true with the recently maxed-out physical fitness and fighting technique of Su Hao!

Such progress was really incredible!

It made her feel as if she was even more of a burden.

In this era, strength would always be the first criteria! Although Su Hao wouldn’t despise her, she definitely wouldn’t be a burden for him.

Love required both sides to contribute.

Whether it was for the love of both or her own pride, she would absolutely not allow such a thing to happen!

“En, great.” Su Hao pulled her little hands, “As long as you’re careful, everything will be fine. With Teacher Su Wan accompanying you, I do feel ease.”

“Alright, you two brats,” Su Wan smiled. “If so, then we can go with this decision. However, before leaving, Su Hao, as your girlfriend’s master, I can be considered as half your mother-in-law...”

A few black lines appeared on Su Hao’s forehead.

Half mother-in-law? How did she come out with that?

“So as your mother-in-law, I will do you a favor and explain a bit about origin ability talent.” After saying so, Su Wan gently smiled, “About model analysis.”

Shua! Su Hao’s eyes suddenly lit up.

“Model class origin ability talent, I believe you already understand about it. So, I won’t touch upon it. I will only comment some about those opposing your ability.”

After they sat down, Su Wan slowly continued.

“I have seen model analysis. When I was in school, I met a student who had the same model analysis as yours. I am quite well versed in this ability. Last time, he also took the same route as yours. But in the end, he failed. Then, he knew he had walked the wrong route. After regretting it for a long time, he finally decided to abandon his origin ability. This was also why I advised you to give up previously.”

Su Hao nodded.

When he came for the guidance of ability index, Su Wan did suggest to major in path of origin ability talent. As for fighting, let it become an accessory to assist him. Because his situation was a bit special, his fighting technique was able to progress rapidly, even countless times faster than his origin ability. That was why Su Wan didn’t intervene.

“To be honest, I do feel a little strange.” At this moment, Su Wan revealed a weird expression. “Your model analysis, and what I knew about model analysis, are completely different. Although the function is generally similar, I still have this strange feeling that yours is different from others.

“For example... the second realm of model analysis. I have seen it before from others, basically able to achieve a 99 percent similarity to real human. But a model is still a model. With a glance, you can clearly see it is a model, an item.

“But your model analysis is completely different. The same model, the last time you demoed it for me, I had this feeling that it wasn’t a lifeless object, but one with a hint of anger, as if it were alive. Thus, I think your model analysis has had a slight change. That is why it has some variation.”

Having said so, Su Wan shook her head, “Of course, if could be because your level of modeling is much higher than the one I met before, and that was why it looked more realistic.”

“Perhaps, I have also only started to study more about it.” Su Hao made a small laugh. Yet, his heart was surprised.

Damn! She could even see this? Indeed worthy to be the natural selection class’s instructor!

It had always been Su Hao subconsciously hiding the matter of his mutated ability. But never did he expect that through observation, his instructor Su Wan was able to easily deduce the truth.

“Well, never mind. Whether it mutates or not, there won’t be much difference,” Su Wan indifferently continued. “Grade E model analysis, even if it mutates to Grade D, then so what?”

“...” was all Su Hao could say.

“If you have seen the description of model analysis, you should know this ability has a limitless potential in a wide scope. But its own development is very slow. Therefore it became an useless talent. However, yours is a bit different. Your strength seems to be able to support your ability well. Perhaps, it might bloom in a different angle, it is uncertain,” Su Wan continued.

“If you really decide to study model analysis, I advise you to start from the very basics. Origin ability and fighting technique are about the same, only with a solid foundation can you rapidly improve! And to understand more about the basics, I suggest you take a trip to the Origin Ability Association.”

“The Origin Ability Association?” Su Hao’s mind moved.

The Origin Ability Association was a good place!

In this era of origin ability, things had changed a lot.

For example, the government was in charge of life of citizens. All daily necessities and basic maintenance of public order was taken care of by the government. The Origin Ability Association was mainly responsible for matters related to origin abilities. Matters like saving the world and safeguarding the peace were all under the jurisdiction of the Origin Ability Association.

In the Origin Ability Association, it was like a talent’s heaven. As long as you ranked up your ability talent, enhanced your current situation and posted the work you wanted to do, very soon people would come to screen you. Of course, you could pick those jobs which met your requirements.

This was the only official way to search online for jobs!

As long as you met a standard, you would always be able to find the right job.

That place... it wasn’t that Su Hao hadn’t considered it.

However, the so-called job searching channel was a function only available to a small amount of the members in the association. The threshold of the Origin Ability Association itself was very high!

One of the most important factors was recommendations!

A candidate with recommendations from a senior of this association would be eligible to become an official member. For a poor student like Su Hao, naturally he wouldn’t have such recommendations.

But for Su Wan to mention it, perhaps...

Su Hao’s eyes suddenly lit up.

Looking at his expression, Su Wan knew that he had already guessed it. Taking out a white envelope, she said, “Nah, take this, the recommendation letter for the Origin Ability Association. This is all for the face of my beloved disciple. If you dare to do things behind her back, hehe...”

Su Wan gestured a scissors sign at Su Hao’s lowered body.

Su Hao suddenly felt a chill.

WTF! This witch!

Su Hao quickly fled. Before leaving, he could even hear the arrogant laughter of this witch.

The next day, Su Wan left with Chen Yiran.

Holding the recommendation letter in his hand, Su Hao decided to first visit the Origin Ability Association in Jianghe City.

As Su Hao went out from the campus, the repeaters around him acted like they feared a tiger amongst them.

These days, the sudden rise of Su Hao had once again spread throughout the whole campus. To destroy Guan Yuanzhong with a single move, this clearly displayed his super strength! Even Zhou Wang, with his 16 points in origin ability, might not be able to achieve such a feat.

Didn’t this mean that Su Hao’s origin ability had reached 16 points, too?

Origin ability assessment software wasn’t something everyone could afford. With its enormous price tag, only a few could afford it.

Recalling the previous battle of honor, Su Hao was at just 12 points. In just one month, he had rushed all the way to 16 points!

4 points in a month, such progress really thrilled people!

This top student of the freshmen, after laying low for a month, once again created a miracle!

And at this time, the news regarding Chen Yiran’s birthday party had also spread to here. His mysterious background, that legendary romantic scene, Su Hao’s piano performance, coupled with the recent intimacy between them; it had became the hot news on campus for a while.

This Su Hao, a seemingly simple student, was once again enveloped by layers of mystery.

This person, they couldn’t judge him well!

Watching Su Hao leaving the school campus indifferently, the repeaters just looked at each other. Nobody dared to provoke him again after witnessing the consequences of Guan Yuanzhong.

In front of absolute power, no one was willing to be his stepping stone.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0197 Construction studio
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0197 Construction studio

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

The Origin Ability Association, located at the center of Jianghe City.

Among the countless number of skyscrapers, one was akin to a super skyscraper that pierces through the clouds like a sharp sword, that was the Jianghe City’s branch of Origin Ability Association which was 100 stories tall! When Su Hao was standing on the ground floor of the building, he felt a grand and magnificent force blowing against him. A skyscraper that was hundreds of meters tall, in the whole Jianghe City, only the Origin Ability Association could possess such grandeur!

Upon entering the Origin Ability Association, it was about the same as the Origin Ability Firm.

However, regardless of whether it was the technology or cleanliness, compared to the latter, it was significantly better. An extremely clean hall, a tidy queue, a number of security officers patrolling, every one emitted an aura that caused Su Hao’s mind to startle a bit. The abilities of these people were at least above him!

But such people were merely security officers?

Damn!

Indeed the Origin Ability Association was rich and powerful.

Perhaps there were many important figures here. Teacher Su Wan’s recommendation letter didn’t cause any disruptions. Only one of the Origin Ability Association’s employees brought Su Hao to register his information. After completing his registration, Su Hao would now be counted as a member of the Origin Ability Association.In the hall of the Origin Ability Association, he then entered into the talent market system.

Through the virtual display, Su Hao entered into Jianghe City’s biggest job application place!

Inside the system, every profession and classification was included and listed. Here, the difference with the Origin Ability Firm was, most of the time, the Origin Ability Firm had temporary one-time tasks. But here, it included professional, long-term tasks, and completely legitimate work.

“Model class?”

Su Hao tried to enter his own search item into the search bar.

“Ding-”

Swiftly, the retrieval of information was complete. A list of information showed up.At the top, information on a small number of professions was listed. Toy making model division and a playground model division. These two professions were currently under the status of the most requested jobs.

And underneath these two professions, were a line of small words.

“The model type profession is relatively little. Are the professions you are looking for related to construction type modeling? If yes, please clic.k here to execute your search.”Su Hao felt ashamed.

This talent market system was quite intelligent.

It seems like, many people also had the same mistake, that the system had recorded it into its database.

After clicking the construction model search information, swiftly, countless information appeared.

“Ding -”

“Snowfall Float Construction Studio is recruiting one model designer, three physical model construction master, one virtual simulator builder, one ecological derivative master. Generous treatment! Reputation level: five stars.”

“Wireless System Construction Studio, recruiting 100 physical model construction master, a branded studio, definitely has the advantage to develop your career here, ten years old brand, generous treatment! Reputation level: five stars.”

“Galaxy Morning Rain Construction Studio, recruiting three model designer, generous treatment! Reputation level: four stars.”

“God Demon Mainland Account Construction Studio, recruiting one ecological derivative master, willing to hire at a premium of one and a half times higher. Interested candidates please contact us quickly, reputation level: four stars.”

“Sjnzh12 Construction Studio, recruiting ten model design masters, includes meals and accommodation, complimentary training, requires bachelor's degree graduate, fair, transparent, swift. Internal promotion once every three months, reputation level: four stars.”……

The cramp recruitment information almost blinded Su Hao’s eyes.

This was only the information on the subject, after opening each offer, within it contained detailed recruitment information, recruitment requirements, introductions of the studio, service qualifications, and specific traffic routes.

According to the reputation level order from highest to lowest, five stars would be extremely high reputation, and the only two with five stars were Snowfall Float and Wireless System Construction Studio. As for four stars, there were countless of them. “Is the difference between five stars and four stars very big?”

Su Hao’s eyebrows slightly wrinkled.

As he was in a dilemma, his shoulder suddenly received a smack that almost made Su Hao subconsciously react. Then he realized this was the Origin Ability Association which made him relax.

As he turned his head, he saw a handsome young man who had their hand on his shoulder. The man was smiling as he looked at Su Hao, “Brother, you looking for a job?”

“Yes.”

Su Hao nodded.

“Your first time here?”

“Yes.”

“You must be a bit lost…”

“Yes.”

“That’s alright!”

The young man was overjoyed, “What’s your opinion, do you need me to assist you?”

Su Hao was startled before he glanced at him, “Do I have to pay for it?”

“Heh heh.”

The young man giggled joyfully and said satisfyingly: “Friend, you are spot on. How about it, only 100 star dollars and I will provide my service for an hour and satisfy all of your problems today! To be honest, I, Hu Pai, have been here for more than ten years, the service I provide is incomparable. Basically, as long as you ask, there isn’t anything that I cannot answer! Satisfaction guaranteed!

“Heh heh.”

Su Hao laughed without batting an eyelid .

Hu Pai?

Such a hilarious name, were you born when people were playing mahjong?

Been around for more than ten years?

First, let us not mention how many years had passed since the origin ability outbreak. Based on this person’s age, ten years ago, he would probably just be an embryo.

“Cough cough”

It was as if Hu Pai knew that he went too far in his exaggeration. He then smiled awkwardly, “Young man, so what do you think? It is value for money!”

Su Hao smiled indifferently, then took out 100 star dollars and gave it to him.

Hu Pai received the money and relaxed. Immediately beating his chest, “Brother, you can be assured and ask away. I will definitely answer your questions.”

Su Hao then shared with him the display screen, then he pointed out the star levels above, “These five stars and four stars, what do they mean?

“Heh, the construction industry.”

Hu Pai squinted his eye, a depressed light flashed through his eyes. However, he quickly recovered to his usual self, “The difference between five stars and four stars is huge, five stars are the industry leaders. For example, this Snowfall Float Construction Studio, which is in the whole Jianghe City, one of the most reputable studios! And the proceeding four stars studios, although they are also very good, they are still behind by quite a bit.”

“I see.”

Su Hao understood, pointed towards the long list of studios, “How many stars can be considered as reliable?”

“Under normal circumstances, three stars represents a pretty good reputation, studios that can go to three stars can be considered good. For two stars, normally belongs to those who pay higher salaries, but are comparatively unstable small sized studios. Those who desperately need money can give it a try, but failure is normal. As for one star.... they basically belong to the blacklist category, it is strongly recommended to not even contact them, they belong to the category of killing people and not paying.”

Hu Pai viciously said. Seeing that look, seemed like quite a number of people must have been cheated before.

“Really?”

Su Hao seemed to have some thoughts, “Then for those studios who don’t have any stars?”

“Erm, you mean these?”

Hu Pai looked for a while, “These are the newly established studios with incomplete tasks, hence they do not have any ratings. Once they complete tasks, any rating is possible. But even if the task is complete, normally they begin from two stars. One star is created for those who go against various kinds of regulations.”

Su Hao kept silent.

As expected, the difference was huge.

The depth of the construction industry was actually that deep!

However, his main purpose was not to work….

“Hu Pai, if I find a job here, normally how would things work? Do I need to sign a contract?”

“Of course!”

Hu Pai nodded, “However, when you just enter the studio you will have a one-month probation if everything goes smoothly, then you can sign a one-year or three-year contract. If something doesn’t go well, the studio may directly terminate employment. During probation, you may leave anytime. However, you will lose your salary and there is a possibility of being blacklisted.”

“This is not bad.”

Su Hao’s eyes lit up!

Since it was none of his business, he did not really care about the money.

Hu Pai curiously looked at him, not understanding his comment. This contract was blatantly unfair to the applicant, why would he praise it? When one goes to work, who does not wish to find a secure job? Probation may sound good, but it was used to assess the person. If they failed the assessment, naturally it would cause people to leave.

Because of this, there were many studios which many employees were hired with low wages. After the end of the probation period, then the studios would fire them and repeat the same hiring method.

With such deceptive methods, that was why many studios were rated one star.

After gaining a rough understanding, Su Hao then checked the studios before him to see if there were any studios that fit his requirements, as he was prepared to join.

It was at this moment, Hu Pai suddenly said this sentence.

“If you are prepared to develop in this industry, I recommend you not to choose Wireless System Construction Studio.”

“Yes?”

Su Hao’s eyebrow frowned, after checking, the mentioned Wireless System Construction Studio, it was the only five star studio that was comparable to Snowfall Float Studio.”

“Wireless System Construction Studio, recruiting 100 physical model construction master, branded studio, will have an advantage developing a career here, ten years old brand, generous treatment! Reputation level: five stars.”

That was a very attractive introduction.

“Although this studio is an old brand studio, it’s abilities are undoubted. If it recruits other professions those who wish to join them would be many, but for physical construction masters they will definitely not join.” Hu Pai explained to him.

“Oh, why?” Su Hao hesitated.

“This studio is a bit unique because it not only accepts the studio’s own tasks but even accepts the tasks of other studios! For example, for some studios it is possible to complete model analysis and virtual construction, but it doesn’t have any physical model construction master studio… And at that time, this task will be received by this studio and they will complete it themselves.”

“They will send out their own employees to go to the opposite studio and complete the task together. Of the 100 physical model construction masters, at least ninety of them are being sent out all the time! This method is known as outsourcing!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0198 Hu Pai’s identity
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0198 Hu Pai’s identity

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Nora.

“Outsourcing?”

Su Hao’s eyes revealed an astonishing look.

He knew that many industries practiced outsourcing. When he studied computer science during theoretical foundation, he had stumbled across software outsourcing. Thus, he had a little bit of an understanding about this concept. However, he did not think that in the construction industry, the term outsourcing was also used.

Additionally, it was a dignified five star construction studio outsourcing jobs.

When he saw Su Hao’s expression, Hu Pao bitterly smiled as he shook his head. “Later you will know that in fact, it is not only a construction studio. Even when building a real building, the construction team would also be having this outsourcing phenomenon.”

“Oh?”

Su Hao smiled while he looked at him. “You seem to know the construction industry very well. Now for you to make business, don’t tell you that you know every industry out there well? If so, you guys doing such a job must have been amazing!”

Hu Pai revealed a trace of sad look.

After he paused for quite some time, he then smiled wryly. “I am also one of the workers of a construction studio.”

Su Hao smiled indifferently. He had already guessed this.

From the way Hu Pai had described the details of this industry, he could have a good guess. That familiarity about the career, that feeling when he described it, he definitely was not an outsider.

Just that, why was the construction industry reduced to such a sorry state?

As a dignified staff of a construction studio, he actually came out and did such business, earning 100 star dollar at a time. His current state was quite pitiable!

Looking at Su Hao’s expression, Hu Pai could only wryly smiled.

“The construction career isn’t really that difficult. But our studio... is a bit brutal.” He bitterly laughed. “Because of some special reasons, our studio had not recruited any newcomer for a long time. Even if we manage to snatch a job, we won’t be able to finish it. I’m afraid it won’t be long before this studio closes. I could only find another way to survive.”

“Oh?”

Su Hao’s eyes lit up. “How many stars is your studio?”

“...”

Hu Pai showed a bitter expression.“One star studio.”

“Pu!”

Su Hao almost spat out water... One star studio?

Hadn’t Hu Pai warned him to not join such studios, as they were usually blacklisted?

He himself was from such studio?

“Interesting...” Su Hao showed some interest. “Tell me what your one star studio all about.”

Hu Pai was stunned. He never thought that Su Hao would not be scared away.

After he was silent for a moment, Hu Pai slowly said, “Our studio was originally a two star studio. A few days ago, we received a task and were prepared to breakthrough and become a three star studio. However, we never thought during the last critical moment, we would be framed by competitors. One of our staffs betrayed us and of course, our task failed to be completed! We even had to bear the name of committing fraud and plagiarism.”

“And that studio, our competitor, took our idea and product and completed the task in a sweep and they then became a reputable three star studio. As for our studio...it was reduced to one star, which made us unable to recruit people.”

“Even if our old customers trust us, we still would not be able to handle the jobs given to us on time. When one people was missing from a team of model building, the whole process becomes broken! Additionally, the low credibility that comes from being a one star studio made us fall deep into the abyss. If this continues, I’m afraid that our studio will dissolve pretty soon...”

After Su Hao heard this, he did not know how to express himself.

Overall, he really could not feel any sympathy toward this studio. To be frank, this was just a story and its truthfulness was still questionable. As a bookworm, Su Hao put this matter out of his mind. Thus, regarding this tragedy, Su Hao could only pretend to show a sad expression.

“What kind of job are you guys lacking?”

Su Hao’s eyebrows twitched. He felt that he had found the key point here.

“Virtual model builder.”

Hu Pai bitterly laughed. “It is also the most important man in the team. His job would be analyzing the model designed by us, ensuring we could construct a solid perfect model! Without this step, we would be dealing with a heap of messy of data.”

“Data...”

Su Hao pondered.

He understood a bit about this.

Although he had not experienced anything about this, if his guess was not wrong, his model analysis should be able to capture data out of nothing. After analysis, a virtual model would then show up in his mind. However, it was just a model that was successfully built.

Once it involved a large building, the model would contain a huge amount of data. The service of a professional model designer was definitely required to complete it!

A professional model designer needed a sense of beauty and a grasp of the current era. You could even say that they were the soul of the architectural studio.

When the model designer completed the design of the model, there would be a lot of data involved. This data would need to be converted and a virtual model builder would be responsible for this! Their job would be to transform these data into 3D model after analyzing it.

To make it into a beautiful, well-designed building.

Because in this era, the so called building model was not just a frame of the exterior but a truly perfect architectural model, a real-life model!

It must be exactly the same as a real one!

Even the plants and trees in the model must be perfectly displayed! Everything in the model must be in 1000:1 ratio when compared to the real one! This meant that if you were building a 1000 square meter villa, the model must perfectly reveal everything within a square meter!

This was what building a model was all about in this era of origin ability!

If Su Hao tried to design something, it would probably be difficult for him. This was because he had no sense of design and beauty, he was totally clueless about it. If he was to design a house, besides covering all the sides, he would have zero sense on what the interior should look like.

But to just create a virtual model, that should not be a huge problem!

He could only analyze what was seen?

No problem!

Model designing itself was all about getting as close as possible to reality. In order to show perfection, the requirement from the construction team must be met. If some materials were used during the designing stage which were not available in Jianghe City, then everything would be a mess!

Thus, the materials used for construction must exist here!

As long as these materials were present on the scene, wouldn’t it just be a matter of minutes for Su Hao to build a virtual model?

Once he thought of this, Su Hao’s eyes shined.

“Hu Pai, if I want to join your studio, what do you think?”

“Eh?”

Hu Pai who was thinking of something got stunned as he heard this from Su Hao. His eyes wide opened. “You... what did you say? You want to join our studio?”

“Why, I can’t?”

Su Hao smiled indifferently. “As a virtual model builder, I think I still have the qualifications.”

“Really?”

Hu Pai was shocked by this. He was completely bewilded and filled with joy.

This was too astonishing!

He could not even remember how many times he had felt frustrated. The studio, which he had invested a lot of emotional effort into and accompanied for two years, just like that it became a one star studio on the brim of being closed down.

He had been looking forward for someone to join their studio.

But just like what he had mentioned before, one star studios belonged to the category of those getting dissolved soon and blacklisted.

Who would be willing to join their studio?

Even if there was someone willing!

After joining the studio, the studio would still not get any new jobs for a period of time. This was normal too. In the end, the studio would still need to be closed down.

Thus, he had prepared well for this

However, never did he expect that when he went to earn some extra money, a young man who was a virtual model builder would promise to join their studio!

How could this not excite him?

This was too surprising!

“You, you’re not telling a joke right?” Hu Pai once again confirmed in excitement.

“Of course I’m not.”

Su Hao smiled. “If you don’t mind, can you bring me to have a visit at your studio?”

“Of...of course!”

Hu Pai was so shocked that he could not speak smoothly and he quickly led the way.

Su Hao followed behind him with a smile.

Done!

He had made careful considerations before he had decided to join this studio.

Firstly, based on Hu Pai’s card description, this studio definitely had a three star standard. This showed that their staff definitely had a good standard. As a starting point for his research resources, this seemed to be a good idea.

Secondly, even though they had become one star and blacklisted, they could still receive tasks from old customers. This proved that their reputation was good. This point proved that all the staff in the studio were not just playing around. They were serious and passionate about their job.

Su Hao was satisfied to work with such a team.

Thirdly, and also the most important reason.

With Su Hao’s current state and qualifications, no three star or above studios would want to hire him! A high school intern?

Was this a joke?

Even a lot of those two star studios would not accept him too!

Therefore, taking into account the tragic position of model analysis in the construction industry as well as his current qualification, Su Hao decided to join this one star studio.

Perhaps, this would be quite a great start.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0199 Perfect simulation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0199 Perfect simulation

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

“This is the studio you’re working in?”

At a building, Su Hao looked at the studio’s signboard and could not stop himself from asking.

“En, that is our studio name.”

Hu Pai embarrassedly replied.

Su Hao was speechless as he followed Hu Pai into the studio.

Some shabby automatic glass door closed after they went in. Above the glass door was a huge signboard with a few words imprinted on it containing a very arrogant name, From the Stars Construction Studio.

The workplace was small.

It was only about 100 square meters, an ordinary unit with two rooms.

Just that when Su Hao entered, he could feel the solemn atmosphere in the workplace.

A young man was carrying a bag while standing there in shame.

As in front of him, two beautiful women were sitting at the desk and looked down. Nobody uttered a single word.

“What’s happening here?”

Su Hao’s mind moved though he didn’t open his mouth.

“What happened?”

Hu Pai’s face suddenly changed. Looking at the young man holding his bag, “Yan Xian, what do you mean by this?”

“I...”

Yan Xiao opened his mouth but did not know how to explain.

“When the studio is in it’s most difficult time, you want to leave?”

Hu Pai was mad, “After knowing each other for two years, I would have never expected you to be such a person!”

“Enough!”

The woman who sat on the desk roared loudly, “I’m the one who let him go. Yan Xiao is different from you. He has a wife and son. You want him to follow us and suffer?”

Damn!

Damn!

Whether Hu Pai was scared or not Su Hao wasn’t sure, but Su Hao himself was definitely shocked!

A woman?

Woman your head!

This is a man!

What is wrong with that thick makeup?

What was with this flirty appearance?

When Su Hao had a closer look, her... no, his neck had an Adam’s apple. He was indeed a male!

Transsexual?

Inexplicable, Su Hao’s mind came up with this word. Suddenly, he felt speechless.

“I’m sorry!”

Yan Xiao was somehow ashamed, “When my work is stable, I will definitely help you all later!”

After saying so, Yan Xiao no longer had any desire to stay here. Turning away, he then carried his bag with him.

“Pa!”

Hu Pai with a pat, stopped him and then had a look. As if he could understand Yan Xiao’s mood, he was silent for a moment and then said, “What if I found a virtual model builder?”

“What?!”

Everyone in the studio was shocked!

Did he find a virtual model builder?

At this time, then only they changed their sight to a young man who came with him. Perhaps, this young man...

“Not bad.”

Hu Pai pushed Su Hao to the front and then took a deep breath, “Let me introduce him to you all. He is the new virtual model builder I found!”

Silence!

Silence!

The rest of them in the studio were dumbfounded.

It was not that they did not believe him, but they were shocked! They knew it very well what the situation the studio was in. A one-star studio being blacklisted! Any sane person would not join a studio which was about to close down. Thinking of Hu Pai’s recent part-time job, everyone seemed to have understand the situation.

Lin Yue frowned, “Hu Pai, I know you’re doing this for our good, but to deceive a newbie into our studio is a violation! Doing so would only harm him! If we fail our job, his future would be bleak too!”

Hu Pai bitterly smiled, “I really didn’t do that!”

Su Hao then stood up at this time, “This big sister... I mean brother, I’m willing to join myself. I heard about your situation here from Hu Pai and volunteered to work here. Of course, as long as I’m paid with wages that should be fine.”

Shua!

Everyone’s eyes lit up.

Volunteered?

Even Yan Xiao who was about to leave halted. If this was true, perhaps their studio had the chance to make a comeback! Perhaps, they could go back to a two-star rating!

As long as they went back to a two-star rating, with their capability, they would surely upgrade to three stars one day!

Thinking of this, everyone was excited again!

Lin Yue didn’t bother about Su Hao’s title and excited asked, “You’re a virtual model builder, then what is your origin ability talent?”

“Model analysis.” Su Hao replied.

Shua!

As if a bucket of cold water was poured onto them.

The excitement a moment ago instantly disappeared without a trace.

Model analysis...

Everyone bitterly smiled.

No wonder he was willing to join their studio. This origin ability talent, who would use it? The limitation in designing and the consumption when building a model. Even if a designer came up with a design, what could be portrayed was probably about one-tenth of the details. Basically, there wasn’t any chance of success!

Hu Pai opened his mouth wide.

He was too nervous!

He was too excited!

The moment he heard Su Hao was a virtual model builder and was willing to join their studio, he already excited dragged Su Hao here, yet he forgot to ask what Su Hao’s ability talent was.

Model analysis?

It might be useful in small buildings.

But when it came to their large-scale architectural designs, it was totally useless! The energy consumption of model analysis was ten times more than any other origin ability talent!

This was such a big difference!

He had once recruited a model analysis intern when not even 10 percent of the model was done, his energy had been fully depleted!

A simple virtual model took a full 3-month period to complete. In the end, the studio could only fire the intern!

This Su Hao who looked so confident turned out to have model analysis?

Everyone was sad.

Being desperate wasn’t something scary!

What was more frightening was during desperation there was this glimmer of hope, but was extinguished once again!

Su Hao: “...”

F*ck!

Do you all have to respond in such a depressed manner?

From the excitement just now till the current despair, Su Hao also felt heartache. This talent of his was truly a waste for its reputation.

Even if model analysis was really a waste, how could you all respond like that?

This was the first time that Su Hao personally experienced how lowly the status of model analysis is.

Looking at their reaction, Su Hao’s face color didn’t change. Looking at the surrounding, he indifferently asked, “Is there any origin ability mapping device here?”

Lin Yue then showed the location of the device with no spirit.

Su Hao walked over and turned on the device, he then began to familiarise himself with this origin ability mapping device. Looking at a 0.5 square meter model in front of Lin Yue’s desk, he then directly activated his model analysis.

“Hong!”

The dark studio was suddenly covered by dazzling light.

A fine villa model appeared in mid-air. The green lawn, bright flowers, each grass and flower were so beautiful. The landscape of this villa was vast and charming. When compared to the model in front of Lin Yue’s desk, it was exactly the same! No, this was wrong. It was even more realistic than the model itself!

This virtual model was full with a dynamic aura.

“This... this is... perfect simulation?”

Everyone in the studio was stunned!

That small and compact physical model, it was the first job which the studio accepted during its early day. It was that job which caused their studio to bloom and rapidly improve in reputation. Although this model was small and fine, the interior was very complicated and had been kept in the studio as a memorial.

They never expected this young man to easily simulate it out!

Plus, it was even more realistic!

After all, a model builder was still a human. It was impossible to perfectly present another person’s thinking. Even with model data, the result would still be the same. Thus, a simulation was divided into three categories: normal, excellent, and premium simulation. However, in this world, the so-called legendary perfect simulation did exist!

And the level of this simulation in front of them was impressively a perfect simulation!

Model analysis, since when did it become so formidable?

“I think I am qualified to be a virtual model builder right?” Su Hao smiled indifferently.

“Yes. Of course, yes!”

Lin Yue excitedly said, “This level... of course, it’s a yes! If you’re not qualified while possessing such a level, I’m afraid in the whole Jianghe City, not many people would be qualified then.”

Su Hao was speechless.

“Oh yea, the weakness of model analysis was the need to see it personally... you?”

“Yes, that is the case here for me.”

Su Hao nodded, “If it is any ordinary model, I could create it at will. But such a realistic model as this, I need a physical reference.”

“Yea, this is right.”

Lin Yue instead felt relieved.

Only when there was a flaw did this seem proper. If everything was so flawless, that would instead make his heart worry. After all, they had previously experienced a betrayal.

Sometimes, things which were too perfect would be problematic too!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0200 Solidification!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0200 Solidification!

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Nora.

“This weakness of the model analysis, later I will ask Hu Pai to bring you to the actual scene and have a look.”

“Yan Xiao, one last time. If we fail this time, you don’t need to leave, this studio will just close.”

Lin Yue said as he looked at the young man in front of him.

Yan Xiao put his bag on the ground. “Fine!”

“Thank you very much!”

Lin Yue said gratefully before turning to face Su Hao. “Let me formally introduce myself to you, I am Lin Yue, the Chief Executive Officer of From the Stars Construction Studio. My main responsibility is the construction designs. Besides me is the Officer of Public Relations, Wang Jiajia. This person in front of us is called Yan Xiao, the Officer of the Ecology Department, responsible for the derivation of ecology. As for Hu Pai, you have already met, he is the substance division officer, his main responsibility is the construction of real models.”

Puff -

Su Hao almost snorted when he laughed.

Alright.

This studio was really impressive. It had a total of four people, one being the Chief Executive Officer and the other three being the department heads!

“If so, I should also be the Officer of the Virtual Department.” Su Hao said mischievously.

Everyone in the crowd roared with laughter. It could be considered that everyone had formally met each other now.

“Chief, do we really have a business now?” Hu Pai said in excitement.

“Of course.”

Lin Yue proudly said, “These two years, all the connections that our studio has painstakingly gathered shall not be so easily defeated. If not for the betrayal of that person, we would have been three stars much earlier! But now, it is still not too late, with the addition of Su Hao, we shall quickly surge upwards once again!”

As Lin Yue finished his words, he charmingly smiled toward Su Hao.

Lin Yue was very pretty.

An extremely flirtatious attractiveness.

Especially when he smiled.

His voice was also very delicate. Combined with his perfect face, it was simply an ultimate killer!

But... Once Su Hao determined through the voice that he was a male, Su Hao had all sorts of chills. Especially when he smiled that way...

Damn it!

Su Hao wiped the cold sweat from his forehead.

He began to doubt his decision to join this studio...but no matter if it was the right or wrong decision, his career in a construction studio had officially begun!

After one day of interaction, everyone was quickly familiar with one another.

Although Wang Jiajia was not familiar with construction, he quickly managed to get a business for them through his personal advantages and the studio’s public reputation. This was also Su Hao’s first job when he arrived here, a villa model.

This was not any ordinary villa.

Far from that, it was the villa of Jianghe City’s deputy mayor!

The whole villa not only required consideration of the beauty of its environment, the freshness of the air but also the preset security equipment and auxiliary defense. This all had to occur before cracking the idea for the safest design.

As the task was received, Lin Yue began his designing.

It was the first time Suo Hao had seen the madness of this transexual. For three days, without eating or drinking, the floor was covered with countless discarded papers which had designs that were outlined by pencils. Even a design that Su Hao found to be incomparably exquisite was discarded. Obviously this time, Lin Yue was very determined.

Finally, when the basic outline was completed, Lin Yue began analyzing.

Through the assistance of machines, countless lines flashed on the display screen as numerous data flowed through. This was model design! From the outline up until the design of the real scale model.

It required a lot of energy consumption!

Bottles of origin ability recovery drugs were consumed. I was not until the fifth day that an exhausted Lin Yue passed a saved file to Su Hao.

“This is the model design data, if you could convert it into a virtual model, then it would suffice.”

This was Su Hao’s task.

“We know the weakness of model analysis. When we encounter something which is unable to be converted or unable to be simulated, we will let Hu Pai lead you to see the substance. Jianghe City has construction related shops, he should know them well.

Lin Yue said as such.

“No need.”

Su Hao smiled indifferently. “These few days, Hu Pai has already brought me to visit every shop.”

“Erm, of course I know this but doesn’t model analysis only work by looking at real-life objects before a model can be constructed?” Lin Yue was slightly at a loss.

Su Hao smiled.

In theory, of course, it was like that.

However, there was an exception and that was the construction of permanent models! Since he had constructed the permanent model of the objects he wanted in his mind, was there still a need to look at real-life objects?

No!

If a model already existed, a direct transfer would be enough!

When he had followed Hu Pai to visit around, he had secretly activated his origin ability. For all the models that might be required, he constructed them into permanent models!

This was also his first time experiencing the feeling of unscrupulous energy.

It felt so explosively good!

The combination of origin ability refinement and origin ability control allowed him to not worry about the consumption of his origin ability energy for now. In these few days, he had added an innumerable amount of permanent models into his model world.

“Rise!”

Connecting to the origin ability mapping device, Su Hao once again used his ability.

The data in the saved file was read instantly. Under the conversion of model analysis, an exquisite picture appeared in Su Hao’s mind. This was Lin Yue’s construction model design.

At this moment, every brick and tile appeared from the sky.

Under the astonished eyes of Lin Yue and the others, a beautiful construction model was built. It was diffused and became taller as it approached perfection.

The construction of the model continued for a long time.

However, the crowd had long ago forgotten about the time as they blankly stared at this scene. The recorder responsibly captured this perfect scene.

Su Hao was also soaked in the pleasure of this moment.

It was as if at this moment, he had become a creator. It was like he had the power to squander the heaven and the earth as he constructed a perfect villa and magically completed the model. In another moment, he was like a three year old child who was clumsily holding pieces of building blocks and stacking them together to create a castle that belonged to him.

“Hong!”

At this moment, Su Hao had a realization.

In his model world, he was like a deity! With a thought, he could mold the villa and with another thought, he could cause this villa to disappear.

This....was the power of a god!

A surge of arrogant confidence reverberated his heart like a seed that wanted to sprout out.

This was a mysterious state. While Su Hao was in a daze, it was as if he had reached a bottleneck, the critical moment on the verge of a breakthrough.

Su Hao subconsciously uttered the words, “Solidify!”

“Hong!”

It was as if a crack had appeared in the sky.

A strange air wandered in the sky and a series of transparent ripples flashed. The crowd in the studio were horrified to the point that they took a few steps back, completely unable to understand what was happening.

At this time, an object appeared from the crack. It was sharp but it gave people a familiar feeling.

A powerful origin ability energy wave reverberated in the studio. Lin Yue’s jaw dropped, he was completely stunned. “Isn’t... isn’t this the villa’s roof?”

“Hong!”

As it revealed an area that was not even a square centimeter, the origin ability wave suddenly erupted and a powerful surging energy reverberated in the studio. Lin Yue and everyone else immediately sprawled onto the ground.

Peng!

Peng!

Peng!

At this moment, countless glasses were shattered. As for the crack, it instantly disappeared, as if it had never shown up.

A moment later.

The scene was restored back to normal.

Su Hao opened his eyes. In them, an expression of regret could be seen. “Failed...”

Lin Yue and the others looked at each other, failed?

What failure?

If it was about the villa, was it not a success? The recorder had already recorded everything completely. The construction level of this virtual simulation was much higher than Lin Yue’s imagination! No, not only that, there were even slight changes. This was even more perfect than Lin Le’s design and these were all recorded!

After getting these 3D records, as long as it was given to Hu Pai to proceed with the real-life construction, a perfect model would be created.

It was supposed to be perfect.

However, why did Su Hao say he failed?

Also, that horrifying scene that happened at the end earlier, what was that?

Su Hao sighed.

Only he understood what he had reached earlier. The fourth realm of model analysis, the object summoning! Or it could be called the solidification of objects!

Summoning the models from his model world into reality!

Earlier, it was as if he was trapped in a mysterious realization. As the origin ability eruption waves were very powerful, the upper limit of his origin ability energy had evolved and had even caused a strange resonance.

Under that strange condition, he subconsciously executed the solidification of the villa.

Unfortunately, it was still an eventual failure.

The summon was not even one in ten thousand before it became a complete failure.

The distance between him and that realm, nevertheless it was still too far!

Unfortunately, this realm can only be found by accident and could not be sought, otherwise, through daily trials, the solidification would eventually be completed.

However, since this was the first time, could the second time be far away?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0201 Crisis of Competition
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0201 Crisis of Competition

Translator: Yorasu | Editor:RED

Looking at those pieces of glass surrounding them and the faces of those in the studio, Su Hao felt a little embarrassed. In fact, when he recalled the last few minutes, he did feel some lingering fear. When his model world was still in its infancy period, he already wanted to touch reality. That was such a bold move that if he was careless for a moment, perhaps this entire building would collapse!

“Seems that there was some accident here,” Su Hao continued in an embarrassed tone. “Next time I will definitely pay more attention.”

Lin Yue helplessly shook his head, “It’s alright as long as nobody is injured. I will ask the workers to tidy it up. I know model analysis is a bit special, but not at such scale. However, the virtual model is completed. The next step would be done by Hu Pai and Yan Xiao.”

“No problem!” Hu Pai then interrupted as he admired the 3D model on the recorder with his eyes glittering, “This is the very first time I have seen such a perfect virtual model! Total perfection! Su Hao, you’re too awesome!”

Su Hao was stunned, “This is the design of our CEO. It has nothing to do with me.”

“Heh.” Lin Yue shook his head and laughed, “Su Hao, you don’t have to be humble. We have accepted countless amounts of business. Yours are the only ones able to surprise me. Under normal circumstances, if the one I designed was 100 points, to be able to build a virtual model with a score 80 points is already considered perfect, and 60 points is the standard for the real model being built.”

Su Hao was dumbfounded. He didn’t know there was this kind of quality discrepancy.

In fact, if he thought more about it, that seemed to be logical. Theory and reality would always have a certain gap. His own philosophy, everyone’s experience would have differences. The design created by a designer would eventually wind up different than what he imagined. The same thing applied here to virtual model building. Because of personal habits and different styles, to be able to achieve 80 percent was already considered a great job.

For cases like Su Hao, everyone would definitely be amazed.

“Hehe, I already said that my eyes won’t do me wrong,” Hu Pai proudly said. “With this building model, we will soon complete the task and smoothly go up back to a two star studio!”

“Of course!” Lin Yue was confident.

Peng~

At this moment, the door was suddenly opened. A young man leisurely broke in, “I heard that an useless one star studio managed to find someone?”

Lin Yue’s face turned stiff, “Ren Wugui! It’s you!”

Su Hao revealed a doubtful expression.

Hu Pai quietly explained, “This bastard is the traitor!”

Su Hao then understood the situation here.

This was the traitor who then joined another studio to become three star? Such a character really made one despise him.

Ren Wugui coldly sneered as he looked at Lin Yue, “Hey, big Lin, your temper isn’t good. If you’re a girl, I might even offer my pity to you. Too bad you’re a guy. This young master is not interested in transgender. Or perhaps, I can introduce you to one?”

Lin Yue looked at him coldly, “If you don’t get out now, then don’t blame me!”

“With just you?”

As Ren Wugui laughed out loud, two people in black suit and sunglasses followed him from behind. Their identity was obvious, bodyguards!

“You want to make a move? By that time, if this matter gets big, you will be the one facing the consequences. You need to remember, I am the staff of a three star studio. As for you all, you’re just one star! Your studio had been warned before for plagiarism. These two bodyguards are prepared for those who are unwilling to face failure. The treatment of the staff from three star studio is really at a new whole level.”

Ren Wugui proudly said this, making everyone’s face go ashen.

Hu Pai was enraged and was ready to charge forward. However, he was stopped by Lin Yue. Since Ren Wugui had bodyguards with him, they could only face the humiliation unwillingly.

After saying so, Ren Wugui then looked at Su Hao.

“Young man, you’re the one cheated by them? From your look, you must be new here. Don’t be fooled by this kind of garbage studio which has been blacklisted. How about coming to our studio?” Ren Wugui said so with a sinister smile, “The treatment there will be good.”

Su Hao smiled indifferently, “As for this, you don’t have to worry.”

“Heng!”

Ren Wugui was annoyed, “Repaying people’s kindness with ill intent. Since you’re so ambitious, then I won’t bother with you. The reason I am here today is to inform you all a good news. Wait, I haven’t mentioned it yet just now? Our studio has accepted the task of building deputy mayor’s villa. At that time, we would be competing with each other...”

“What?”

Everyone’s facial expression changed.

Their studio also accepted the same task!

This Ren Wugui was just trying to court his own death by forcing them further into deepest abyss! When a one star studio and three star studio were compared together, just their lack of credibility was enough to destroy them! Even if Ren Wugui’s model was worse by a bit, in the end the final winner would still be him!

Unless, they could come up with a stunning model which captured everyone’s attention.

“Haha, work hard, then!” Ren Wugui laughed like a madman. Walking to the side of Su Hao, his right hand patted Su Hao’s shoulder, “Young man, you have to work hard too. Later, when you lose, don’t cry and come begging to me.”

“Pa ji!”

As that hand of his patted down, Su Hao didn’t evade and just tolerated the force from his pat.

Ren Wugui turned to leave. However, his right hand was caught.

“Kacha!”

“Hong!”

Su Hao gently twisted the traitor’s right hand. Ren Wugui’s wrist instantly snapped and then he was kicked out from the studio.

“Putong!”

Ren Wugui landed face-first on the ground.

Everyone was stunned. Apparently, nobody expected Su Hao to make a sudden move.

Ren Wugui was at a loss, too. As he stood up, he spit out the dust on his mouth. With his pale expression, he was mad at those two bodyguards, “What are you two doing?! Couldn’t you see he was attacking me? Go and kill him, this bloody grandson!”

The bodyguards glanced at each other as they felt being wronged.

Who the hell would know the opponent would make a move out of nowhere? You even put your own wrist on his shoulder. Wasn’t that just courting your own death? They were just working for money. So, they still charged at Su Hao.

“Be careful!” Hu Pai warned.

Su Hao smiled indifferently on the same spot. A touch of chill could be seen in his eyes.

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

As his figure flashed, one could see the blurry shadow of Su Hao. The shadow was in midair here and there a few times. Both bodyguards were then blasted out and each of them fell a distance away.

Ren Wugui opened his mouth wide with panic written on his face.

Damn!

These bodyguards were ones he spend a huge amount on. Their origin ability was around 15 points. Just like that, they were thrown around by a young man. This was too terrifying!

“Get lost!” Su Hao coldy glanced at him. Ren Wugui then quickly fled. The studio was in complete silence once more.

“You...you’re an esper?” Lin Yue asked in shock. They who were in the construction industry, which one of them hadn’t given up because of their origin ability talent? But Su Hao, a model analysis talent, had such combat effectiveness?

“Uh....” Su Hao scratched his head, “I learned a bit of fighting technique for self-protection...”

Self-protection...

Lin Yue rolled his eyes. Self protection could instantly lock down two fierce-looking bodyguards? However, since Su Hao didn’t want to answer this, he didn’t ask any further. Anyway, they wouldn’t be having any loss. Moreover, to see Ren Wugui being beaten, especially just a moment ago...

That was so satisfying!

“However, even if Ren Wugui is gone now... a few days later, during the bidding process... after all, their studio is a three star studio with complete tools and capital. Plus their good reputation, I’m afraid we won’t be able to win this.” Hu Pai’s face was a bit dark.

“What’s there to be afraid of?” Lin Yue sneered, “We also have the same three star standard. Plus, this time we have Su Hao’s perfect simulation, there is nothing to be afraid of! Plus, the first two steps were perfectly done. The following one, you will be the one handling it!”

“Alright!” Hu Pai gritted his teeth. Traces of origin ability energy could be seen on his hand. It was such a magnificent scene.

“This time, I will accompany you all into madness!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0202 Derivation!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0202 Derivation!

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Nora

Traces of energy illuminated within Hu Pai’s hand. It was really a magnificent sight.

Su Hao curiously stood together with the crowd, watching traces of the subtle materials Hu Pai inexplicably held that magically formed into a model. It was like a figurine, such a mysterious process.

This was how the solidification of the model was done.

The material was as real as the real-life one!

It was exactly the same as those used in the construction site.

In fact, for inspection, a virtual model should be more than enough.

However, in order to prevent any problems, the solidification of the model was still necessary. This was because only a real-life model could be evaluated and assessed!

For example, the security level of the villa, the durability of material used, the seismic rating of the villa, the noise canceling level, and the like. Only with a real-life model could you clearly see all these. These were all matters which simulation could not test.

Such an amazing thing!

This was Su Hao’s first impression.

As he looked at one brick, it instantly turned into dozens of mini bricks in Hu Pai’s hands. He then began to build step by step based on what the recorder had captured. Su Hao’s eyes shined.Very soon, a small garden was successfully built.

Inexplicably, Su Hao thought about that feeling a moment ago.

When he thought of the possibility of him reaching such a realm in the future, Su Hao got excited. “One day, I will definitely reach it!”

Of course, until then, he should at least understand all the mysteries of his model world!

Hu Pai’s construction lasted for three days.

Like layers of bricks, the model was meticulously implemented. With just a blade of green grass, he could even create a meadow. That was so interesting.

This was his ability!

Being driven by Lin Yue’s madness and Su Hao’s perfection, Hu Pai also did his job cautiously without leaving room for a single hint of regret. After all, this was related to their future.

“Completed!”

Hu Pai looked at the model in front of him and felt relieved.

Everyone quickly came over. Looking at this near perfect model inside the glass display, they found it stunning and amazing.

“90 percent!”

Hu Pai actually could not help but admire his own work. “I actually perfected it to the 90 percent level! Haha, I am now already in the three star standard!”

It was such a rare occasion when nobody hit him for his boast.

“Origin ability talent, there was really not one which was a waste!”

Su Hao exclaimed. If he did not see it personally, how could he even think of this? This fairytale villa in front was the hard work of everyone all these days?

Although he was the one who built the virtual model, whenever he saw their hard work, he could not help but feel stunned too.

Because, it was too beautiful!

“Yan Xiao, the final step will have to depend on you,” Lin Yue excitedly said to Yan Xiao.

“Great, now watch me!”

With both hands placed above the model, Yan Xiao slowly closed his eyes. A mysterious light began to flash. Blue ripples appeared from his hands and gradually turned into something like snowflakes that fell over the model.

If you looked from the perspective of the model, you would see it was snowing!

Blue star shaped snowflakes.

Su Hao’s eyes revealed a strange look. This was the so-called dynamic derivation?

In his model world, models could interact with each other. As for the model in front, because it had already become a real-life object, of course, it would be impossible for them to interact with each other. However, this dynamic derivation made it possible?

“Hong!”

With the infusion of the blue snowflakes, this life-like model seemed to be alive.

Crystal blue lights flashed within the room.

Very soon, the snow melted as it landed and was absorbed. After that, a surprising scene happened!

A slight breeze blew and the trees in the house started to sway according to the direction of the wind. The flowers in the garden were about to bloom at any time. There was even a stream of spring water flowing through.

What model was this!

Wasn’t this a real-life environment to be more precise!

“CEO!”

As Yan Xiao was about to finish, Lin Yue quickly stuck a bunch of tools on both sides of the model.

“Kacha!”

As the tools were in place, the villa model was completely sealed. Only then did Yan Xiao feel relieved. As he wiped the sweat off his face, he revealed a surprised look. “Everything is done now!”

“Our project is completed!”

Everyone else also revealed a look of surprise. As they looked through the transparent glass and saw that perfect, almost fairytale like villa, they felt excitement... This should be considered the best model they had ever created, right? With Su Hao’s perfect simulation, they finally made the best model since the start of this studio!

After being surprised, it was time to wrap up everything.

Lin Yue gently pressed the switch on the right side of the tools.

Shua!

A light flashed!

The glass cover turned black completely!

From outside, nothing could be seen.

When he noticed that Su Hao was pondering about something, Lin Yue suddenly explained to him. “This is a device to cover up the model. At the bottom, it would be powered by origin ability energy. After Yan Xiao completed his ecology derivation, as long as there was a continuous supply of origin ability energy, such a state could be maintained for a short period of time. A model cover up could provide energy and at the same time prevent it from being leaked out.”

So this was it.

In fact, the matter that made him ponder was not this model cover up but the scene shown by Yan Xiao just now—ecological derivation!

Being able to turn dead things into living things, that was undoubtedly amazing!

However, what was the principle behind this?

Had the model really been given life? No, of course not. Although those trees and grasses looked lively, it was just a matter of being supplied with origin ability energy. That was why this model needed to be covered up need and be constantly supplied energy. Object moved by energy was not really that strange.

The really interesting aspect was... how did these plants maintain their movements in such way?

Under origin ability, achieving certain movements were not a problem but after Yuan Xiao let go of his control, those plants could still maintain such state. As long as there was origin ability energy, they would maintain such movements. Compared to real-life plants, there was simply no difference.

This was something he needed to figure out.

“Yan Xiao, can you demonstrate again what you did just now again?”

Su Hao suddenly voiced out.

“Huh? Alright.”

Yan Xiao was obviously stunned for a moment. Ecological derivation, what part of this was interesting to look at? However, he just considered Su Hao as being curious and walked toward the model on the table which was kept as a memory to use his ability.

“Hua~”

The crystal blue light once again covered the model.

A flash of light could be seen within Su Hao’s eyes. Numerous data began to appear within his mind as he carefully observed the changes within the model.

Suddenly, he was startled.

Under model analysis, he finally found the answer to the mystery of ecological derivation! Within those blue snowflakes, there were countless data. All the mysteries were inside the snowflakes!

“Hong!”

Su Hao then stared at one of the wavering snowflakes.

The surrounding blue light flashed instantly, disappearing as he analyzed and transformed the data within snowflake. With countless data inside, this snowflake was like a lamb without clothes in front of Su Hao.

Geography factor...

Speed analysis...

Prediction deduction...

A lot of words passed by within Su Hao’s mind. His eyes revealed the color of excitement.

So this was it!

This so-called ecological derivation was in fact pretty similar to model analysis. Model analysis would analyze the data of the factors and then reassemble them within the mind. Ecological derivation, however, was an ability that captured the geographic details and then perform speed analysis.

To put it in plain words, it was to capture all the information of the mysterious factor from mid-air.

However, what Su Hao did was just to restore! Restoring each other’s ability, experience, skills... but ecological derivation was more advanced!

Because what Yan Xiao did was... deduction!

Prediction!

From the data within the snowflake, Yan Xiao deduced the response of the plants in reality and then instilled his will onto those plants model. To an extent, they would become consistent with real-life objects.

Vivid and lifelike.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0203 Card!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0203 Card!

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

“Such a frightening ability!”

That was Su Hao’s first reaction. If this ability was utilized in battle, being able to predict other people’s reactions and being a step ahead, wouldn’t that person be invincible?

“Such a pity!”

This was Su Hao’s second reaction.

Because after putting in some thought, ecological derivation could only be used on these tiny models. They belonged to the daily life classification of the origin ability talent. If someone wished to use ecological derivation in a battle, a large amount of energy would be consumed. Perhaps Yan Xiao would not be able to provide enough energy for such a reckless move during his entire lifetime.

In fact after thinking, if this type of deduction ability could be used in the middle of a battle, perhaps this origin ability talent would be moved to the top and be ranked as B level and above.

However, just because Yan Xiao couldn’t do it didn’t mean that he couldn’t.

A bright light flashed before Su Hao’s eyes. If he had this ability and mastered it better than Yan Xiao, when he had a better control over his origin ability, it would not be impossible for him to make an immediate deduction!

If he could master this...

As Su Hao thought fanatically, he suddenly noticed that the surrounding atmosphere wasn’t right. Lin Yue and Hu Pai were looking at him strangely. Yan Xiao’s face turned pale and took a few steps back, “That... Su Hao, if you are interested in men... that, I will recommend Chief to you, er...”

“Yan Xiao!”

Lin Yue’s eyes locked a cold glare at Yan Xiao.

Puff -

Su Hao almost spat out blood!

I only looked at you for a little longer, damn you!

The people in the studio, why were all of them getting influenced by Lin Yue till they become crazy!

Su Hao was speechless.

But this interruption, instead caused him to walk out of his earlier delusion. No matter how grand a dream was, first and foremost, it must be realistic. Although model analysis covered every detail, to develop this skill, perhaps it would be slower than Yan Xiao. As for the battle prediction, let’s forget about that.

Su Hao pondered for a moment, “Yan Xiao, for every ecological derivation profession, is it possible to reach such a standard?”

“How is it possible!”

Yan Xiao sneered, “Their ecological derivation requires constant control. However, the completion of mine is one of a kind, so only an origin ability energy tool is required to preserve it. Because of this, even Snowfall Float Construction Studio invited me...”

Yan Xiao said halfway and suddenly felt something was wrong. He immediately shut his mouth.

Lin Yue’s pupils shrunk, “Yan Xiao, the earlier invitation, was from Snowfall Float Construction Studio?”

That was a proper 5-star studio!

The top brand in the construction industry!

Under these circumstances, Yan Xiao actually waited until the studio was not able to issue a salary. Then he announced his request to leave. Lin Yue suddenly felt, as a CEO, he really failed to be one.

“Er.”

Yan Xiao shook his head and felt slightly awkward, “This, Chief, that was the past. As long as we pull through this time, we, From the Stars Studio, would also be a very capable 3-star studio.

Liu Yue patted his shoulder and viciously nodded, “Good, this time we will definitely pull through!”

“Heh.”

Su Hao glanced at them and didn’t utter a word.

He was still thinking about that earlier problem. Those who could execute ecological derivation, there should be quite an amount. Only Yan Xiao alone could deduce to such a realm... how to put it, for Yan Xiao in this field of ecological derivation, it can be said that he had contributed a fair amount. Such deduction, did it come along with his individual talent?

Su Hao thought of the card he saw earlier.

Origin ability talent: Model manipulation.

Talent effect: Able to utilize origin ability, manipulate models!

Grade Rating: Grade D

This was Yan Xiao’s origin ability talent, it was a Grade D talent. It was the same as many weak origin ability talents with many flaws and defects. It was no different from any normal ecological derivation type origin ability. This type of ability, how did his deduction control have such a high level of calculation ability?

Su Hao raised his doubt. Yan Xiao then suddenly realized and explained to him.

Actually, it was not really strange.

For ordinary origin ability user, Origin Ability Firm was the place to increase your ability. A few years ago, after completing a certain task, Yan Xiao received an opportunity to be personally taught by an ecological derivation master. Yan Xiao took hold of that opportunity and speedily grew in this area of ecological derivation, which then allowed him to take a huge leap forward!

“I see!”

A flash of light shot through Su Hao’s eyes.

For master level tasks, their favorite task reward would usually be personal tutelage. On one hand, it would save a lot of work and caused countless people to compete. On the other hand, they tried their luck to find any suitable disciple. Of course, strange people like Zhang Zhongtian who used all of his time on experiments, couldn’t be bothered to teach others were the few exceptional ones.

Master of ecological derivation....

Every field has a specialist, this saying was true.

No matter what industry, as long as one keeps working hard, eventually they will become the industry’s leader. For ecological derivation, the analysis of model deduction was merely trivial. However, due to its extreme level of difficulty, there were very few people who mastered it. It was very honorable that Yan Xiao had learned it.

According to Yan Xiao’s explanation, the master taught him a training manual called “Model Deduction”.

After returning and using three full years of intense training, did he manage to get into this field. Having a slight achievement, he then formally entered into the construction industry. Otherwise, with his grade D origin ability talent, even if he forced himself into the industry, he would only be the type that gets dragged behind.

“So great!”

Looking at Yan Xiao’s proud expression, Su Hao sincerely praised. As his face smiled like a flower and a blue light flashed in his eyes, strange light already enveloped Yan Xiao.

Model analysis, start!

Card modeling!

Locked on - model deduction!

Brush!

A model deduction card rapidly constructed out. Su Hao quickly established a connection.

“Card selection complete... beginner model deduction... model analyzing... model constructing... card model construction complete...”

To be honest, as the crowd’s abilities grew stronger, whenever Su Hao activated the model analysis, he could see many specialized cards that were of no use to him, like Sun Yaotian’s iron element essence. If not for the introduction of Yan Xiao, he might have missed this model deduction card.

The reading of the card was swiftly completed.

As Su Hao excitedly looked at the mind’s newly appeared grey colored card, his whole body trembled at where he stood.

Name: Beginner model deduction

Level: 3 stars

Introduction: Created personally by the model master. Deduction analysis for the customization of models, origin ability talent that fits with models type can perfectly cast ecological derivation system.

Damn!

This.... This is.... A three star card?

Three star card!

Su Hao was completely shocked.

This was his first time seeing a three star card. Even if it was body forging technique, fighting essence, these powerful skills, the school’s price tag of 3000 task points for the body forging technique, at most was only a two star card. But before his eyes, Yan Xiao, a normal ecological derivation profession, yet he saw a three star card from him!

A pleasant surprise!

Absolute delightful!

Two star card was already so powerful, how about this three star card?

As Su Hao tried to hide his feelings of excitement, he executed the reading of the card.

“Hua -”

Just with a single thought, a horrifying suction surged over. The body’s origin ability energy instantly charged towards this three star card before it stopped abruptly again.

Su Hao was stunned.

After a while, his face revealed the expression of a bitter smile. His origin ability energy unexpectedly was emptied again!

Ever since having mastered beginner origin ability refinement and intermediate origin ability control, to face a two star card, he was completely self-sufficient and didn’t face any problems. But, as he faced a three star card for the first time, like in the past he was completely squeezed dry in an instant.

An instant.

It was as if Su Hao returned to the time when he was extremely hungry for origin ability energy.

Really not enough for him to use ah!

Could it be, he had to improve his origin ability transition technique passively again?

Su Hao thought for a moment if it was any normal time, he naturally wouldn’t use so much energy to master a skill that would be useless to his combat power. But for this moment, due to his excitement towards a three star card, his will to fight was high!

Intermediate origin ability transition technique, charge!

“Lin Yue, when will the construction model tender conference be held?

“3 days later!”

Lin Yue answered. This task actually gave him 10 full days! But because of it, they went berserk, for a task that had a very high difficulty level, they unexpectedly completed it within a week. Instead, there were still three full days of time remained. Everything would be fine as long as the safety tools were implemented within the remaining three days.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0204 A Coin which lead to a Murder Case
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0204 A Coin which lead to a Murder Case

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

“Alright, three days later I will return!” Su Hao said with confidence.

“En, remember to be back on time,” Lin Yue said. “Later, I will send you the address and time. As for the rest, I and Hu Pai will be handling it.”

“Alright!” Su Hao left after saying so.

The work-in-construction studio was very flexible. As long as you could complete the task before deadline, everything would be fine. Regarding assembly-line work,it was even easier. Excluding those in service industry, those with eight hours of work per day were getting less and less. Origin ability era had greatly enhanced the efficiency of work.

If the berserk beasts weren’t always threatening, then this era would be the best era ever!

After leaving the studio, Su Hao considered his options.

Where should he go to get himself an intermediate origin ability transition technique?

The emergence of a three star card made his heart itch. He couldn’t wait to learn intermediate origin ability transition technique and then settle this card!

It was, after all, a three star card!

It was deduction!

After witnessing the awesomeness of deduction from Yan Xiao, Su Hao had a deep comprehension of its horrifying potential. If he could grasp it and then successfully apply it in battle, his overall strength would increase dramatically. To be blunt, before achieving the solidification of model, which was still far away, this was another chance for Su Hao to rise further!

He must obtain this skill as fast as possible!

In school, who else had already mastered the intermediate origin ability transition technique?

Opening the contact book of the natural selection class, Su Hao had a look at the virtual screen and soon a name popped out.

Su Hao raised his eyebrows slightly as his mouth revealed a trace of smile.

Jianghe City, the city center.

In mid-November, winter had arrived.

However, although the weather had turned cold, the whole city was still bustling with crowds. If you had a closer look, you would be able to see the warm and comfortable air slowly floating upward from below the city. The reason was none other than city heater powered by origin ability energy!

For ordinary people out in town, a set of clothes was enough for four seasons.

At a street in the city center, a young man in casual white clothes walked in a carefree manner. From his appearance, he looked like around 30 years old. He was whistling an old folk song. Coupled with his childish yet handsome looks, it was simply a huge mismatch.

The young man walked for a distance of a hundred meters before finally halting in front of a display window.

“Dingdang~”

A coin worth one star dollar fell from him and a landing sound could be heard.

The coin landed and rolled to the back.

Behind him, a youth was walking in a hurry. As he watched the coin roll in front of his feet, he directly kicked it to the side.

“Xiu!”

The coin flew away. It then landed on a heavy motorway.

This was the pathway for heavy cargo. The suspension car’s carrying capacity was limited. That was why things which were over the limit still needed to be transported via land. This heavy motorway was specially opened for such a reason.

“Father! Money! Money!”

At the roadside, a three or four year old child saw the coin which fell to the ground, and revealed a look of sudden excitement. He then headed over to it without much thought. His father turned around and saw the scene, which led to his face turning pale. He could see on the road a large cargo truck was coming!

“Not good!” The child’s father turned pale. Rushing out of nowhere, he wanted to push his son away. However, the truck couldn’t stop on time and couldn’t evade.

Shua!

The child’s father subconsciously clung to his son while closing his eyes.

“Chi...”

“Ci la!”

A strange braking sound could be heard. The child’s father even felt the breeze hitting his face. It seemed like the very next moment, he would be smashed on the spot by the truck.

“Sou!”

The strong wind made the child’s father open his eyes. Surprisingly, he found out that at the most crucial moment, the truck actually managed to turn its steering on time and passed by both the father and his son.

We survived!

The father quickly rushed to the truck.

He saw the truck just now directly headed towards the shops on the side street which forced numerous people to dodge it in the nick of time.

“Peng!”

The truck finally stopped.

No casualties!

“Great!”

The father was surprised. If there was really any life lost, he would have to be responsible, too. This perfect ending was definitely the best he could hope for.

This driver was so quick-witted!

People went to have a look, pulling the driver out, and then gave him their applause.

However, there was a thing which nobody noticed. When the water pump was hit during the incident just now, the red metal roof was being hit continuously by the high water pressure soaring up the sky.

“Hong!”

It looked like some fireworks.

The driver who was being praised, was shocked to notice that in the sky, a suspension car who was flying past immediately exploded, and blew that raging flame down on the Haitian Building which was just beside it.

Within the Haitian Building...

A middle aged fat man, reprimanding those underlings of his, “You fool! Where is the performance for this month? Performance? Where the f*ck it went? Also, you two girls, you think if you look beautiful then it is alright to have zero performance? If you can’t cope with this, then quit next month. The company is not going to raise empty cans!”

The fat man stared at every underling of his with extreme pride.

Those two idiot women... didn’t they know what place this was?

He was a dignified deputy director! Those two women weren’t even willing to sleep with him, what a joke! Without any origin ability talent, beside offering their bodies, what value did they have? Let’s see if these two women would come and find him tonight or not.

Watching those two women begin to hesitate, the fat man felt even more proud. His expression seemed to have slowed down and then looked at those two women, “Both of you, write a review and wait for me in the office!”

Both women turned pale and lowered their heads.

Done!

Fat man laughed out loud. His eyes were glancing at the two women’s breasts. When tonight arrived, he would be able to play with these two. Hahaha!

When he was patting himself on the back, the fat man suddenly noticed the horror and fear in these women’s eyes.

Afraid?

Horrified?

That’s right!

Fat man felt even prouder. This was his privilege as a deputy director!

“Hong!”

A loud sound suddenly came from behind. The fat man inexplicably had this feeling that a black shadow was covering him. A powerful impact came from behind him. Feeling pain erupt through his whole body, he was blasted away.

“Pa!”

The fat man fiercely hit the wall of the building.

“Hong!”

Explosion after explosion happened in violent succession. The explosive force swept through the surroundings, making everyone flatten themselves on the ground. Yet, a glimmer of relief could be seen in the eyes of the two women who were lying down on the ground in fright.

This bastard, he finally died!

On the Haitian Building’s 16th floor, a hole was created by a suspension car that had gone out of control. The scene was a huge mess. Under the building, everyone looked up while questioning expressions appeared on their faces as to what exactly had happened.

At the corner of the street, you could notice a young man leisurely leaving without caring what had occured. Humming a nice melody, it seemed that his mood was pretty good.

At this point, within some mysterious killing organization.

An assassination task named ‘Deputy Director of Haitian Building’ and an unexpected task of ‘CEO of Hongfeng Enterprise’ disappeared at the same time.

Under normal circumstances, the disappearance of a task meant that the task had been completed.

The police who rushed to the scene quickly launched their investigation, but found nothing. In the end, they could only attribute this to the lost control of the suspension car.

This accident alone had led to the death of Hongfeng Enterprise’s CEO and Haitian Group’s Deputy Director.

It was said that because of this accident, all those in the rich circles of Jianghe City sent their own suspension cars in for inspection. The suspension car service shop made a huge profit!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0205 Hatred settled cleanly
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0205 Hatred settled cleanly

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

Natural selection class’s campus.

In the cafe, in front of a table, a few repeaters were having a huge feast and excitingly celebrating. Well, you can’t blame them for being happy because today their boss, Yu Tian, managed to reach 4000 meters in the berserk beast territory! Once again gaining a lucrative reward naturally, it was worth celebrating.

In the berserk beast territory, sometimes, you had to rely on luck!

If you’re unlucky and encounter a wandering berserk beast, not to say 4000 meters, it was even possible to be killed within the first 1000 meters. This time, Yu Tian was able to smoothly reach 4000 meters. Besides his own strength, it was also part of his luck! After getting the reward, he then brought along a few of his brothers and celebrated.

“Drink!”

Yu Tian’s face was red as he excitedly said, “With these task points, I will be able to buy the advanced origin ability transition technique! Today, drink as much as you want. Everything is on my tab!”

“Hehe, with big boss’s level, among repeaters, you should be in top 10, right?” One of his lackeys praised.

“You’re exaggerating.”

Yu Tian waved his hand. His expression did reveal a slight hint of proudness, “Right now, I have 16 points of origin ability. I’m still far away, but after this cultivation technique, later, that won’t be the limit.”

As these group of people were drinking and enjoying themselves, they did not notice they had been marked.

At the cafe door, two young men looked at this group of repeaters.

“Boss, what should I do?”

Li Xin said excitedly. Looking at Yu Tian, his eyes were showing sign of declaring war!

Su Hao was dumbfounded.

This Li Xin was too energetic!

There would be a certain risk when using his model analysis on those who had roughly similar strength as him or those stronger than him by a huge gap. Su Hao had been exposed many times! Just that in previous times, he was exposed by his tutors or elders. Thus, nothing went wrong, but if it was exposed by students, then it would be troublesome.

So, no matter from what point of view, Su Hao definitely would not take any risk.

After thinking properly, Su Hao decided to start with his own people. Too bad after asking a few friends of his, he could only bitterly smile.

They were all outside on a mission!

Yiran went out for a task which was fine, but Zhou Wang, Bai Lingfeng, and a few others were all in the middle of tasks too.

The only one who was free was Li Xin. Unfortunately, his origin ability cultivation only reached beginner origin ability transition technique which was similar to him... thus, as a last resort, he could only obtain it from someone else.

Just that for safety and concealment, Su Hao decided to use another method to obtain skills from others, which was to acquire the card before saying anything. I don’t care whether your senses are strong or not, I don’t care whether you have a detection ability or not. With just one slap and making you faint, I can slowly get the ability from you. Isn’t this simple?

That would be easy.

Thus, in just a short amount of time, this repeater called Yu Tian had been targeted by Su Hao. If he had the target, his plan would be able to carry out. Although he was confident to face Yu Tian single-handedly, it was still unwise to pick a fight with a group of people.

Thus, this time, he needed a wingman... a perfect partner in crime.

And this candidate was Li Xin.

For Li Xin, Su Hao didn’t hide anything. He directly told him that he was prepared to cause trouble on a repeater and seek for his help. Hearing this, Li Xin already excitedly rushed over and did not consider the problem of offending anyone and the other problems, or perhaps, this problem was not a problem for him.

After Li Xin’s several interactions with repeaters, Su Hao had to admit that Li Xin was a talent.

He was not talking about that powerful yet unreliable outburst of energy. What made Su Hao shocked the most was, Li Xin was definitely the type that would bring more hatred to him as he went on.

Such a character, if in online games, that would be a God-class tank!

“Boss, what’s our next step?”

Li Xin excitedly said.

Su Hao patted on his shoulder, “You don’t have to worry. It should be enough just showing your true colors.”

“My true colors?”

Li Xin scratched his head in confusion and then reacted, “If I am to act like how I am on normal days then that is easy. Boss, rest assured!”

After saying so, both of them entered the cafe and attracted many people’s attention.

Li Xin, Su Hao.

No matter which one, both of them were a leader like figure within freshmen. Li Xin’s ability talent and recent rapid progress made quite many people terrified. As for Su Hao, his absolute strength and those rumors also made him into a terrifying character. A student with maxed out physical fitness and fighting technique was definitely not someone they could mess with.

The moment they entered, it was as if they had obtained everyone’s attention.

Because now, everyone noticed that these people were actually walking in the direction of Yu Tian. Yu Tian, a repeater with his ranking around the top 30. With a current origin ability of 16 points, he should be considered as quite impressive. The next Zhanzheng College’s entrance name list might have his on it.

Now, what was the reason for Su Hao to find Yu Tian?

The crowd subconsciously took a deep breath.

“Yu Tian?”

Su Hao smiled indifferently while offering his hand, “Hello, I’m Su Hao.”

Yu Tian coldly laughed, “The relationship between repeaters and freshmen aren’t at the stage of enjoying meals together. Just say what you want to say! I’d like to see what kind of tricks you’re playing.”

Su Hao shrugged.

Sure enough.

The hatred between repeaters and freshmen were really deep!

Looking at Yu Tian’s extremely alarmed expression as he stared at Su Hao, Su Hao could only bitterly smile. At this moment, using his model analysis on him would likely get busted really quickly.

“You’re called Yu Tian?”

When Su Hao didn’t even finish his sentence, Li Xin already excitedly interrupted him, “Such a strange name. I did buy a jade stone named Yu Tian and it is very beautiful. But too bad when I was shitting, I dropped it into the toilet bowl. Even if I wanted to pull it up, I didn’t dare to take it back.”

At first, Yu Tian was not annoyed. He even had a few laughs, but in the end, his face went stiff especially for the last two sentences.

Toilet bowl?

Yu Tian stone?

F*CK!

Yu Tian wanted to curse, but then looking at Li Xin’s innocent eyes he began to doubt. Could it be that he misunderstood?

“Haha, never did I expect Li Xin to have such character in him.”

Yu Tian calmly said.

“No, that Yu Tian stone was a free gift when I bought a toilet brush.” Li Xin scratched his head, “The boss said that such a stone would be able to detoxify or something. Never did I expect that when I went to the bathroom last time, it was flushed away by mistake.”

“Hehe.”

Yu Tian’s mouth began to twitch a bit.

“What you don’t believe me?” Looking at Yu Tian’s expression, Li Xin felt that his knowledge had been questioned and suddenly went mad, “What I said is the truth. Although I lost it, the detoxification effect is really not bad. Buy a piece of Yu Tian and dropping it into the toilet bowl will definitely keep the toilet clean.”

“Pu~”

The crowd could no longer refrain and laughed out wildly.

Yu Tian’s face turned ashen. Looking at the innocent look of Li Xin, all his anger emerged. Since when had he been insulted in such a way?

Toilet bowl?

Yu Tian?

F*ck you!

Su Hao blew his nails and looked up at the sky speechlessly. This brat definitely is a genius at instigating hatred! Plus, he is a max level one...

The worst part was if Su Hao didn’t guess it wrong, what Li Xin said just now was definitely the truth.

He didn’t even know how to lie.

In other words, this brat really took it for real and threw a Yu Tian stone into the toilet bowl?

This world was huge, and it was indeed full of surprise!

“Brat, you purposely came here to seek trouble?”

Yu Tian’s face turned gloomy. Coldly staring at Li Xin, regarding this retard he had heard a bit about it. In his memory, this brat was the one with brain damage. If you ignored him, everything would be fine. But today, this young man who was labeled as brain damaged proudly insulted him.

This was something intolerable!

This brat must be pretending!

“Take back what you said earlier, and I will spare your life!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0206 Rising flame
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0206 Rising flame

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Nora.

“What’s going on?”

Feeling loss, Li Xin raised his head and looked at him.

This Yu Tian, why did he suddenly become angry?

Just some simple greetings had been exchanged. His simple and brutal plan should be to first build relations through greetings and intentionally picking on this person’s feelings.

Why did he get furious when the plan had yet to be executed?

Li Xin was very upset. He felt that his incomparably meticulous and rational plan was perfect. However, before it had begun, why did this guy called Yu Tian already start going berserk?

Yu Tian looked at his expression and grew even more furious. “Damn, at this point, you are still pretending! As the school forbids killing, do you dare to fight with me! Or go outside the school and fight!

“Okay...”

Li Xin thought of agreeing but he suddenly remembered the main purpose and immediately sighed in dejection. “Such a good opportunity but no action can be taken. Such a pity.”

After he finished speaking, Li Xin stood behind Su Hao.

Yu Tian was angered by Li Xin’s expression until his whole body shivered. With a sudden forward movement, he waving his fist in mid-air. A punch that was accompanied by raging flames was violently directed toward Li Xin.

“Heng!”

Su Hao gave a cold snort. He was waiting for this moment from Yu Tian! The veins of his right arm’s tightened as Su Hao instantly entered his peak battle state. He then countered with a vicious punch back at Yu Tian.

“Hong!”

A huge rumble.

It was as if the whole cafe shook for a moment.

As their fists violently clashed with each other, countless rays of lights shot out, causing a powerful shockwave to sweep toward the vicinity.

“Peng!”

Both of them exchanged blows again for a few rounds, each taking a step back!

The students who were eating earlier had left long ago. With the scale of this battle, they did not wish to be innocently caught up in it.

“Su Hao?”

Yu Tian was not a fool either.

When he saw Su Hao block his path, even if his reaction was slow, he still understood something at this moment—the enemy was looking for trouble! They purposely looked for him to settle matters!

Damn it!

Yu Tian silently cursed.

However, It was not because his reactions were slow as he and Su Hao totally did not have any connections. No wonder he could not understand why these two people were looking for trouble with him!

Of course, if he knew Su Hao’s real motives, he would probably become even more furious.

“Eh—looks like they are purposely looking for trouble.”

There were also many people with keen observation in the cafe. In fact, not many in the natural selection class were fools. After the two exchanged blows, everyone realized.

The tempo of this fight was too fast. There must have been some preparations done.

“I never heard that Su Hao and Yu Tian had any connections.”

“Tsk tsk, couldn’t it be that Yu Tian is bullying the freshmen?”

“Looks like it!”

“Su Hao is standing up for the freshmen, this isn’t his first time doing so.”

“This Su Hao is too zealous!”

“In this age, it isn’t easy to be the good guy.”

Everyone clearly knew the type of person Su Hao was.

Many people admired him and many people felt that he was very capable. As more people worshiped him, of course, there were many who felt that he was very silly.

What kind of person was Su Hao?

Very powerful abilities. Very hardworking. Loves to fight injustice for the freshmen. Even when he had just entered, he dared to fight with Zhao Feng. This man was very passionate and was not afraid of any battles. Even if his rival was Sun Yaotian, in front of repeaters, he would willingly discard his own grudges and stand up for him.

As such, these repeaters summed up their evaluations toward Su Hao with a few words!

Passionate!

Impulsive!

Upright!

Righteous!

Loves to put himself forward!

Of course, if Zhang Zhongtian heard these terms, he would definitely laugh out loud with his saliva splattering around! Because only he knew clearly of the true nature of his own disciple and how bad he was. Basically, he was the opposite of all these terms...

“Hou-”

With a loud angry shout, both of Yu Tian’s eyes appeared to be red.

No matter what reason....

I, Yu Tian, will definitely not give in!

Yu Tian roared. Circles of flame arose to the sky and suddenly engulfed his whole body as if he transformed into a figure of a blaze. A thick red flame floated within 20 centimeters around him. This intensely high temperature caused the air to be slightly distorted.

Not bad!

Su Hao’s eyes flashed with an expression of approval.

It was obvious that Yu Tian had guessed their motive of finding trouble. However, he did not choose to inquire or ask for an explanation. Instead, he neatly chose to fight!

No matter what the reason was, it was not an excuse to retreat!

Thanks to reasons like these, there were often some people who knew they were wrong and knew the path they took was wrong. However, they would still insist on continuing their path because... for some things, they could only push forward and not retreat!

For certain paths, once chosen, there was no turning back!

If they wanted to fight, then he could only charge forward!

“Boss, we’ll help you.”

A few of Yu Tian’s underlings saw the situation and immediately rushed forward. However, at this moment, a shadow flashed across them. It was Li Xin who blocked and stood in front of them.

He did not forget his own job.

Su Hao’s job was to battle Yu Tian!

Meanwhile, he had to stop these underlings!

“F*ck you, you dare to insult our boss. Let me help my boss to teach you a lesson.”

A few people saw Li Xin block them and immediately turned furious and attacked without hesitation. Li Xin was not afraid in the slightest. His eyes flashed with an excited expression and he enthusiastically charged forward.

A big battle had once again erupted!

“Hong!”

Underneath Yu Tian’s feet, a flame arose. His whole body used this huge momentum to suddenly charge toward Su Hao. As an intense fire surrounded his feet, his whole person was like a cannonball. When he carried such a powerful attack, his speed was very fast. At this moment, it was as if he had transformed into a red lightning bolt!

The cafe flashed. Many people were instantly blinded. At this moment, it was like the red flash that flew in between Yu Tian and Su Hao was filled with unlimited killing intent.

“This... origin ability technique!” Some people exclaimed.

“Rising flame? Wow! Yu Tian has actually become so powerful?”

“Wow! It’s really the rising flame!”

“Su Hao is in danger!”

As the crowd looked on, their faces experienced a huge change.

Rising flame, it was a flame type origin ability technique. Among fire type talent technique, its requirements were very high! Using the flame and exploding it in an instant, it could produce a high speed attack. Even the friction energy in the air could be used! Eventually, it formed a super swift and violent attack, its power was without doubt extraordinary!

This was a very powerful origin ability technique in the early stages!

Potent, ferocious!

Unmatched!

It was rumored that it could even penetrate a 10 centimeter steel plate!

“Origin ability technique?”

Within the fiery red light, Su Hao’s eyes lit up as an unlimited fighting spirit emerged.

“Hong!”

The red light flashed and stopped.

An unimaginable power instantly landed on Su Hao’s body. As the horrifying power reached him, Su Hao gritted his teeth. He stiffly blocked Yu Tian, who was before him.

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

A powerful flame came toward him, flapping like waves.

“Puff -”

Su Hao spat a mouthful of fresh blood as his whole body took a few steps backward! Yu Tian’s body did not change. Once again, he attacked and he continued to charge toward Su Hao who was stepping backward.

“Ci -”

Su Hao exerted both his feet and viciously stomped on the ground as he aimed to stabilize his body.

However, under the powerful charge, his feet left behind a deep line mark as he fell back. These marks were forced by Yu Tian’s booming attacks.

Rising flame, at this moment, erupted with yet another powerful force!

“Hong!”

His body fell backward, Su Hao once again used his strength to get his footing.

Two holes suddenly formed on the ground. Su Hao’s body stopped abruptly as he struggled to stabilize his body. The force of the rising flame was effectively neutralized.

Su Hao raised his head as his lip raised into a slight sneer.

Of course, this rising flame was powerful but even if it was a powerful move, it definitely had its own weaknesses! Additionally, for this type of explosive origin ability technique, at the moment the attack ended, that was the perfect moment to counterattack.

For example—now!

“Not good!”

Yu Tian’s face changed. He did not get to react before Su Hao landed a vicious punch to his stomach.

“Peng!”

With another kick, Yu Tian was directly sent flying. Before he could adjust his body, Su Hao’s body exploded as he leaped up. In a flash, he was above Yu Tian and he violently kneed Yu Tian downward.

“Hong!”

Such powerful force!

Su Hao’s whole body pressed onto Yu Tian as he landed on the ground. He fiercely crashed on the ground and the cafe’s floor tiles immediately revealed many crack marks.

The crowd’s mouths were shut.

Rising flame...

This technique that was apparently able to penetrate a steel plate was unexpectedly countered by force?

Was he even human?

He was definitely a damn dinosaur in human form!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0207 What’s So Great?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0207 What’s So Great?

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

“Model analysis, start!”

“Card modeling!”

“Card selection... intermediate origin ability transition technique!”

“Shua!”

“Card selection completed... intermediate origin ability transition technique... analysing... model establishing... card model established...”

Both of his eyes glowed as he stared at Yu Tian’s body.

The surrounding people were so scared that nobody dared to utter a single word.

The sound of water dropping down in a distant sink could be heard in the cafe.

Every once in a while, after everyone thought Su Hao had quieted down, he would always show his powerful strength out of nowhere and would shock everyone. This time, this student with grade E talent once again surprised everyone!

Grade E talent?

No potential?

Just a waste?

Who still dared to say such words?

Nobody!

Looking at Su Hao, while everyone was surprised, there was a trace of curiosity. Entering here without any prior indications and beating up Yu Tian, what was his actual motive?

After quite some time, Su Hao slowly got up and gently patted Yu Tian to pull him up.

Yu Tian stood up while feeling dizzy, his face at a loss.

What was the situation here?

He lost! His strongest origin ability technique had been broken. Su Hao’s strength had exceeded his imagination. When Su Hao finished the duel, he thought that he would suffer endless shame. Winner ridiculing loser is just a norm after all. Not to forget the hatred between repeaters and freshmen.

But Su Hao instead pulled him up, what was he planning to do?

“Battle of honor is battle of honor! The purpose of school doing so is to increase our competitiveness and not to seek revenge. Don’t do something like bullying freshmen again. If you have the strength then do so in a battle of honor!” Su Hao sadly turned away as he shook his head in a sad manner.

Li Xin took the chance to show his fist, and then happily walked away.

Leaving all those students dazed.

Sure enough!

This Su Hao was here for the freshmen.

Damn!

Thinking of this, because a defeat in battle of honor was too serious, these repeaters were too harsh in suppressing freshmen.

Looking at Su Hao leaving, Yu Tian fiercely clenched his fist.

“Battle of honor... great! The next battle of honor, I will definitely defeat you!”

Just outside the cafe...

Li Xin excitedly said, “Boss, what you said just now was too good!”

Su Hao rolled his eyes, “You even believe the lie I told them. Based on psychological research, saying such words at that moment would greatly reduce hatred to a minimum.”

“Why must you lower it?” Li Xin couldn’t understand. “Having people to fight with everyday, that would be so much fun.”

“...,” Su Hao was at a loss. “Didn’t Yang Baiming find you for his revenge?”

“Uh...” Li Xin said in a disdainful tone, “He did find me a few times, but I’m too lazy to take care of him.”

Su Hao observed a moment of silence for Yang Baiming.

Since Yang Baiming had been instant-killed by Li Xin’s 10 times increment critical hit, he had always intended to put back the shame on Li Xin. However, what made him mad the most was Li Xin didn’t fall for the trick! Li Xin’s argument would always be him not having time to play with Yang Baiming. When Yang Baiming heard this, he almost went out of control from anger.

Losing to Li Xin was the biggest stain on his record in this semester!

For others, just some public opinion attack would force them to fight. But Li Xin... would he would care about all that?

No matter what Yang Baiming said, his reply would always be the same...

“No time to play with you...”

Leaving the cafe, there was still quite some time before the architectural model bidding. Su Hao quickly started his training in school . Since the intermediate origin ability transition technique had been obtained, he immediately started the progress on this skill.

For the current him, a two star card wasn’t any problem for him.

Three days passed by in a flash.

“Hong!”

In the dormitory, Su Hao sat cross-legged as if he was a monk meditating.

However, suddenly...

Su Hao opened his eyes. A trace of golden light flashed from his eyes. Terrifying origin ability energy leaked out from his body which caused the surrounding items to vibrate.

If you looked carefully, you could even see the surprise in Su Hao’s eyes.

“Completed!”

After three days, his card reading was completed!

“Hong!”

A roar resounded within his mind. Countless amounts of information began to appear within his mind.

The training of intermediate origin ability transition technique... the time when Yu Tian trained on this skill... the usual habits of Yu Tian when he trained this... the matters to be noted before training... simple tips to have better grasp... the integration of intermediate and beginner origin ability transition technique.

Unknowingly, Su Hao began to train according to the memory in his mind!

Sitting cross-legged, Su Hao was surrounded by circles of origin ability energy which were flashing. The energy from heaven and earth seemed to be flocking together at this moment!

Breakthrough!

Breakthrough!

Breakthrough!

“Hong!”

The energy within his body shook!

The raging energy acting as the center in Su Hao’s body rotated like a whirlpool. After a full three hours, Su Hao finally opened his eyes again.

Intermediate origin ability transition technique, training succeeded!

“Hu~”

Su Hao took a deep breath.

Trying to sense the energy within his body, compared to last time, it had increased at least threefold!

Intermediate origin ability transition technique, 150 points. Including the ones from the beginner origin ability transition technique, he had an increment of 50 points! Adding to his previous 1560 points, his total points had reached 1610. This meant that his origin ability had officially reached 16 points.

Origin ability, 16.1 points!

In just three days, he completed the training of intermediate origin ability transition technique. If the students in the school knew about this, they would all be shocked!

“Great, since my origin ability energy has soared once again, I can now start my plan.”

Su Hao recalled for a moment and then without any hesitation, he began to start the progress on the one and only three star card in his mind.

Card reading!

Shua!

The energy within his body rushed like a madman toward the card!

Even with triple his previous energy, he still couldn’t sustain the consumption of a three star card. Its consumption rate was too terrifying. Even after half of his energy was gone, the three star card still didn’t show any changes.

Too terrifying!

Fortunately, Su Hao had prepared himself earlier for such a scene.

The reason he learned intermediate origin ability transition technique wasn’t really for the total energy in his body. Because the consumption of card reading was continuous, the most important factor would be recovery speed! When he mastered the intermediate origin ability transition technique, not only did he have a substantial increment, but his recovery speed was also several times faster than previously. This meant that the time for Su Hao to read the card would be greatly reduced.

1%...

2%...

3%...

Su Hao silently watched the energy within his body being consumed. Only when ten percent of the energy was left did Su Hao looked at the progress of the three star card. Comparing the energy left in his body, and then his current recovery speed, he soon calculated the approximate time required.

Seven days!

To completely read this three star card, seven days were required!

“Seven days...” Su Hao silently calculated. It was within his range of tolerance.

These last few days, he was able to consolidate what he had learned about the intermediate origin ability transition technique. Since he had just learned it, there was still quite some time before he could get a complete grasp of it. After all, all this knowledge was obtained from others. If he wanted to make them into his own, he had to gain the understanding himself.

In addition, he could still learn the knowledge about models and brush up his basic knowledge. From the construction studio, he had learned a great deal of information. Because he got to be close with those whose talents were in a similar class to his, he managed to obtain a great harvest. Whether it was virtualization or deduction, they would be useful to him in future.

“The same class origin ability talent indeed helped a lot in increasing my strength!” Su Hao exclaimed.

Those few people in THE construction studio HAD already benefited him a lot. What about others in the construction field?

He was looking forward to this!

And at this time, his wrist vibrated. A message popped out, “Su Hao, 14:00 it will start. Come here and gather. By Lin Yue.”

Jianghe City, the city center.

At the 38th floor of Qingfeng Building, there was this huge hall similar to an auditorium. Above it, there was a spacious stage, while the seats were arranged in a neat way under the stage.

This was the standard form for building model bidding.

This time, the bidding model would be the villa for the deputy mayor of Jianghe City. Of course, many people would be participating with such an important figure involved. After the first round of elimination, five models had been selected. Amazingly, there was a one star studio participating in this bidding.

A one star construction studio!

Although that was the criteria issued by Origin Ability Association for assessment, it was also widely used in the construction industry. A one star studio was basically a blacklisted name.

And such a studio was actually participating in the bidding for the deputy mayor’s villa. This really made surprised everyone. When the studio list was posted, the news even reported it and shocked the whole construction industry!

Because during the screening, there were quite a number of three star studios eliminated. As for two star studios, they were not worth the mention. There was even one four star studio, but due to the different styles that the deputy mayor requested, they were actually eliminated.

Such a competitive screening, a one star studio actually managed to pass?

Instantly, raging jealousy began to burn.

The surrounding so-called experts began to criticize and accuse.

Insider?

A supporter behind the scene?

More and more gossips began to attract the attention of countless people. This one star studio, yet nobody came out to explain, which seemed to anger the people even more.

That was how the situation became like this now.

Besides those experts and the deputy mayor, there were a large number of journalists and onlookers in the construction industry who wanted to see the final result. What was so great about this one star studio?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0208 Marry me
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0208 Marry me

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

Arrogant?

Disdain?

A legit studio?

These all sounded so wrong to Lin Yue and Co. In fact, they worked like a dog, in these few days in order to fit the safety equipment perfectly in the model. They didn’t even have time to care about these rumors. As one of the elites in the construction field, they were aware of one thing.

To defeat the opponent, to reclaim their honor, only one thing could prove that.

Which was a perfect model!

Rumor? Gossip?

Those were just nonsense. The judges from the Architectural Association were not blind. Only with their own strength and perfect model that was here, eliminating and shutting up everyone who ridiculed their studio!

When Su Hao just arrived, the bidding was about to start.

Just that when he arrived at the door, he saw Hu Pai and others surrounded by a lot of people. It seemed like something had occurred.

Had something happened?

Su Hao’s mind went alert and hurriedly walked over. However, the scene in front of his eyes made him startled. Damn it!

“Whoops, Su Hao is here?”

Hu Pai raised his eyebrows as his facial expression revealed a happy look.

Su Hao dropped his mouth wide. Pointing at the scene in front, “This...this...”

Hu Pai’s face twitched as he patted Su Hao’s shoulder, “You will get used to it.”

In the middle of the crowd, Lin Yue paled as he stood there. As in front of him, a handsome man holding 99 roses in his hand while looking at him lovingly, “Lin Yue, marry me.”

Su Hao: “...Lin Yue’s expression seems ugly.”

Su Hao used his finger and poked at Hu Pai, “Why don’t you all go and help?”

Hu Pai helplessly sighed, “You should know about the appearance of our CEO. Sometimes he was too pretty which causes our hair to stand and forget that he is a man. Because of his appearance, this incident isn’t really the first time. Basically, a lot of people have stepped forward and proposed. We’re already used to it.”

Damn!

Su Hao felt embarrassed.

This is so troublesome, if you were pretty, many people will be attracted to you. He had always thought only pretty girls would attract others. Never would he have thought that even pretty men could do the same feat too. Since this wasn’t the first time Lin Yue encountered this, why his expression was so ugly?

Seemingly understanding Su Hao’s thought, Hu Pai deeply sighed, “This time the problem is more serious.”

“What do you mean?”

Su Hao frowned.

“Because he knew Lin Yue is a male.”

“!!!”

Su Hao’s eyes suddenly opened wide.

WTF!

So brave?

Looking at the handsome man not far away, Su Hao suddenly felt a tingling sensation, since when this world was so unrestrained?

“Shua!”

Lin Yue’s eye suddenly looked over here. As he saw them, his eyes shined as if he wanted to say something.

“Faster, leave!”

Hu Pai’s face turned ugly and quickly dragged Su Hao and Yan Xiao to flee. A few minutes later, the three of them arrived at the venue.

“Why the need to flee?”

Su Hao felt strange.

Hu Pai smiled, “During the first time when that man gave flowers to CEO, CEO used me as a shield. The second time, Yan Xiao became the shield. Later on, after the man knew that we are just colleague, he began his pursuit again. And this time...”

Recalling back the look from Lin Yue at him just now gave him all the chills.

Damn!

Luckily, he quickly fled just now...

“Haha, let’s go.”

Hu Pai called out Su Hao, “The event is about to start. CEO will be able to save himself. Don’t need to worry him. Being pursued so many times, CEO already has all the experience to deal with it.”

Experienced?

Is this considered praise?

After about half an hour later, Lin Yue only returned with a green face, looking at them with murderous intent.

Fortunately, the event was about to begin. Lin Yue grumped for a second before sitting down.

“When we go back later, I will get back at you all!”

The event was so packed with people. The venue was almost a full house as everyone sat below the stage. Then the host came up to the stage to officially announce the start of the event!

The host introduced the judges from the Architectural Association as well as the sponsor of the event, deputy mayor of Jianghe City and then finally, those five studios on the list.

When From the Star Studio was introduced, Lin Yue stood up and everyone was amazed.

As for Su Hao, he managed to take note of the sudden slight ashen look of this CEO Lin.

After introducing everyone, it was time for the building model assessment. Since this was organized by the deputy mayor, the final decision would be in his hands. However, the opinions from these judges did play a significant role too. After all, they were professional.

“Building model proposal conference officially started!”

“Let’s us invite the first studio, Wind and Forest construction studio!”

After the host finished his sentence, Lin Yue and others revealed an unnatural look. Su Hao’s mind went alert and then looked up. Sure enough, the one who went up the stage was none other than Ren Wugui!

Three star studio, Wind and Forest studio’s representative, Ren Wugui!

“It is my honor to participate in this model proposal conference and contribute to the deputy mayor. We, Wind and Forest studio, are sure everyone has heard of our reputation as a three star studio! This time, we have produced a perfect villa model wholeheartedly. I hope that the deputy mayor would be satisfied.”

“Bring it up!”

With a wave from Ren Wugui, a model cover device was brought up to the center of the table.

As the grey light screen dissipated, a model which looked like a villa appeared. When everyone saw the model, they were all astonished.

What art!

The light and refreshing style, the atmosphere of this villa was completely different, brought an amazing feeling to everyone which made people think of one word to describe it, perfection! However, this was only the beginning.

Ren Wugui began to seriously explain while facing this villa model.

The design concept, the design style, building et cetera... a highlight which could be mentioned were all covered. Such a perfect presentation earned everyone’s nod of approval. With just a view of this villa model, the crowd felt relaxed and happy.

After the construction was completed, how beautiful would the real-life villa be?

This was really the standard of a three star studio?

Very soon, Ren Wugui finished explaining the concept. It was time for the evaluation!

“Building model evaluation begins!”

“Shua!”

On the stage above, the host and Ren Wugui retreated to the side.

Some green lights shined down from above. There were also some which came from the floor. Crossing each other and causing the model to be enveloped within them. A dozen inch virtual screen then popped out which everyone could clearly see countless rows of data flowing. The villa model was sometimes tested with thunder and lighting and sometimes with overexposure from the sun.

Plus, the speed became even faster and faster.

It was as if time flew quickly, a moment later, this model finally crashed under the stimulation of origin ability energy. The basic assessment had finally been completed.

“Building model assessment completed!”

“The stability of building frame, 88 points.”

“Building durability, 200 years, 81 points.”

“Building seismic rating, 10, 82 points.”

“Building noise effect, 94 points.”

“Building safety rating, excellent. 85 points.”

“Ecological optimized building, excellent, 81 points.”

“Architectural style design, excellent, 92 points.”

“The basic assessment completed. The final score assessment for this villa model is 86 points!”

The icy cold electronic voice echoed within the venue. Everyone was strangely quiet. After a moment of silence, finally everyone began to discuss in chaos. They were all in shock. This score of evaluation... was actually more than 80 points? Plus, it was 86 points to be precise?

“Above 80 points?”

“Is this possible?”

Everyone exclaimed at the scene.

After all, this model was created from a different kind of origin ability talent combined with the final product, there was no difference when compared to real-life architecture! Thus, the difficulty in making this model was extremely high!

Because of this, the assessment from the Architectural Association was very difficult.

60 points and above, qualified.

70 points and above, good.

80 points and above, excellent!

90 points and above, perfect!

As for 100 points... so far there wasn’t one with 100 points yet. That was as if the ideal building being built.

Usually, those exceeding 60 points were already more than enough to meet the requirement from most people. Occasionally, there would be one or two with 70 points which would shock the crowd too.

However, this time in this venue, there was actually one with 86 points!

Even many four star studios were not able to achieve such a score. Yet a little three star studio managed to do it?

This was too fake!

And at this moment, Ren Wugui glanced over a group of people for a second. His eyes revealed a look of ridicule.

This time, I will let you all be defeated completely!

He who knew the truth really wanted to laugh at this moment. Two days ago, he received humiliation at From the Star Studio and that really made him angry. However, this time he felt great!

Looking at his opponent’s ugly expression, he almost laughed on the spot.

These funny brats actually wanted to make a comeback?

I’m afraid they didn’t even know what kind of opponent they were facing.

“Ren Wugui, this trash”

Hu Pai gritted his teeth as he looked at Ren Wugui’s prideful expression. Unwillingly he said, “Wind and Forest, is just a three star studio. How could they design such a style! Such level of design, it is definitely not something their studio could come out with.”

“Perhaps they hired someone.”

Lin Yue added with a grimace, “Ren Wugui’s product standard is definitely about the same as ours. He absolutely won’t dare to show off during last few days ago at our place. This could only confirm that they already had the confidence to win early on! If I didn’t guess wrong, they definitely hired outsiders.”

“This trash’s goal is to make sure of our defeat and for us to disband!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0209 The Game of Power
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0209 The Game of Power

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Nora.

“Damn it!” Hu Pai silently cursed. As a senior in the construction studio, he naturally knew the dishonest deeds within. However, these matters were like a corrupted official, they could not be completely removed all at once! Although this was considered to be an illegal act, no one could say anything unless they obtained evidence.

As for the client, spending three star’s worth of money to enjoy four star’s worth of product, why not?

Who would foolishly make a report?

After Su Hao inquired about the general situation, he suddenly had a thought. “The deputy mayor openly constructed a villa for himself, wouldn’t he be impeached by his rivals?”

“Of course not, this era is completely different. Now, as long as you contribute, you will have special privileges. As Jiang He City’s deputy mayor, he is qualified to enjoy a three star level villa to protect the safety of his own family. After all, he is in a high-ranked position, the threats he received would be far greater. Everyone can understand his position,” Lin Yue explained.

“Really?”

As if he was lost in thought, Suo Hao murmured, “What if our deputy mayor wishes to enjoy a special privilege?”

“What special privilege?”

Lin Yue frowned and quickly reacted. His pupils shrunk and he said with some bitterness, “You mean, collude with the studio, then use its three star reputation to construct a four star level villa?”

“Otherwise, how would you explain this so called splendid villa model?” Su Hao sneered.

Lin Yue remained silent.

After he had been in the construction industry for many years, he naturally had heard of countless shady business. He never would have thought that this time, he would unexpectedly encounter this type of shady business with an official!

After he went through Su Hao’s analysis, the result was already evident.

The deputy mayor was colluding with the Wind and Forest Studio, allowing them to gain fame. However, the real ones behind the design and the construction the villa were the other studios instead, who he used his corrupt money to hire. For this type of professional standard, it was possible that it was a five star studio! The remaining studios were merely foils!

“Damn!”

Hu Pai’s blood boiled. He began to grow slightly impatient. “F*ck, what is happening here! Shady games, let them play those somewhere else. Why must it be this time? Why must it be when we are trying to make a comeback... If we fail this time, our studio will be permanently dissolved!”

Yan Xiao and Lin Yue were speechless.

What could be said?

Before they competed, they had already failed!

What was there to compete for any more!

In this world, why were there so many shady businesses? In these past days, everyone had crazily worked to complete this model. They were all charging for the final victory. Everyone had sacrificed a lot of flesh and blood and had countless sleepless nights. In the end, the reward was such a result?

Not satisfied!

Really not satisfied!

Hu Pai’s face was livid as he clenched his fists. He eventually loosened his fist helplessly. Not satisfied but so what? The opponent was the deputy mayor, a powerful and monstrous existence. If they tried to provoke the deputy mayor at this moment, the final result would probably be all of them disappearing mysteriously...

Civilians should not battle with officials, that had always been the truth. As such, it was pointless for them as powerless architects to fight for their rights.

In this world, fairness had never been a thing.

As they thought about this, everyone lost their will, and silently looked down.

They lost!

No matter what means the opponent uses -

No matter what tricks the opponent has -

Who cared about these things?

In the end, the crowd would only know about a one star blacklisted studio that was completely overwhelmed by a three star studio. Although they tried to regain their glory, they eventually faced dissolution. And in this tender conference, a three star studio would create a perfect and high standard piece of work. They will upgrade to four stars and leave behind a beautiful story.

They sighed. They had lost their high morale from earlier.

Su Hao observed them but did not say anything.

He placed his right hand on the armrest and gently poked it with his finger. He was thinking of the possibilities of this matter... Although he had not spent many days in the studio, he had greatly benefitted from them. Not to mention that he had also gained a three star card. As someone who would repay the kindness he received, he could not sit idly. However, how could he help? He did not know what he could do in regards to this matter.

Expose?

Report?

Entice?

Get rid of everything related to Wind and Forest?

Countless methods flashed through Su Hao’s mind and they were all eventually rejected as their feasibility were too low. Those who started the problem must end it themselves. Su Hao thought for a while and a ray of light suddenly flashed in his eyes. He looked at the deputy mayor who sat at the judge seat below the stage and Su Hao’s lips immediately cracked into a smile.

Perhaps... there was still a chance left.

“Lin Yue, Hu Pai, Yan Xiao, do you all trust me?” Su Hao faintly said.

“Trust!” Lin Yue and the rest nodded without hesitation. “Although we have only interacted for a short few days we know that you are someone who can be trusted!”

Su Hao went silent.

These people... weren’t they deceived because they were initially trusted Ren Wugui? After being deceived once, they were still so upright!

What should be said to them?

However, because of their sincerity, it would be easier to befriend them, right?

Su Hao faintly smiled and said to Lin Yue, “Lin Yue, in a moment, you can just go and make your normal assessment, just leave the rest to me...”

“You have a way?” Hu Pai’s eyes lit up. “What are you going to do?”

Su Hao sneered. “Don’t worry. I have an excellent plan!”

Lin Yue looked at Su Hao’s smile and he felt inexplicably cold. He could still remember that day when Su Hao unleashed a violent beating on Ren Wugui. He immediately felt cold sweat. “Su Hao, you... won’t get rid of everyone in Wind and Forest right?”

Sweat!

Su Hao felt ashamed, that thought had really crossed his mind.

Sometimes, a rat could easily destroy a pot of vegetables. In regards to these scum of society, clearing some of them for harmony and the progress of society was absolutely helpful. However, he could not execute such plan due to the risk of having to deal with police.

Su Hao helplessly smiled. “What are you thinking, do I look like some terrorist?”

“You actually are one, aren’t you?” Hu Pai rubbed the cold sweat off his forehead.

Su Hao patted their shoulders. “Let’s put in more effort, when we produce a good performance, let’s make our model perfectly displayed to the audience. Everything should be fine.”

“Okay!” Lin Yue solemnly nodded.

Su Hao raised his head and glanced at the deputy mayor, Ren Wugui, and others. Sneering for a second, a light flashed through his eyes and he quietly left the area.

At this time, on the stage.

Ren Wugui’s villa model assessment was complete.

All the architects had raised their professional opinion and gave an extremely positive assessment. Wind and Forest might be even banking on this model design to leap into the ranks of four star studios!

Very quickly, the other studios went up one by one.

Not surprisingly, a chorus of boos followed. The total assessment scores were 72 points, 71 points, and there was even one with 68 marks! After seeing the villa model that was of the standard of 80 marks and above, when these models appeared, it was obvious that a huge gap could be felt.

“They even dare to bring up a 60 points standard...”

“Well, that 72 points is not bad, it looked pretty, but when compared with Wind and Forest’s, they paled in comparison...”

“Yeah, the difference is too obvious. Looks like this time, victory definitely belongs to none other than the Wind and Forest studio.”

“Eh, isn’t there one more studio?”

“That one star studio? Stop joking! I reckon this studio just making up the numbers. A one star studio, whether they could produce a complete product is another story.”

“Earlier we saw that their CEO was a beauty, could it be that this opportunity was exchanged with sex...”

“It’s possible!”

As the crowd softly and debated with all their gossips, at this moment, Lin Yue brought the villa model that was created From the Star Construction Studio to the stage!

As he quietly stood on stage, his presence attracted many people.

Lin Yue released a charming smile, causing countless people to immediately become fascinated. As Lin Yue opened his mouth, the crowd was still in a daze. Lin Yue’s voice was very gentle. Apart from Su Hao, who had a high level of recognition ability, how many people were able to identify this gentle voice as male or female?

Shua!

The covering on the model device was removed. A villa model was revealed before the crowd’s eyes.

Instantly, it was as if a gentle glow spread out from the villa model. This model was not very dazzling and it did not bring any amazement. However, everyone could feel its warm breath and the intense feeling of reality! This feeling... it was even stronger than the recently revealed model by Wind and Forest!

“Such a real feeling...”

“Yeah, once a standard model’s level reaches 80%, it would be almost impossible to differentiate whether it’s real or fake. However, this model gives off such a strange feeling. Like it is completely real! It’s so lifelike!”

“The construction of virtual models, the solidification of models, ecological derivation.... After going through these three tiers of progress, unexpectedly it would still be so realistic. Such a standard is unusually high!”

“The rest are not worth mentioning. In terms of realism, this model has already caught up with the standard of five star studios!”

“Is this really a darn one star studio? If a one star studio could also produce such standard, we as two stars or three stars studios shouldn’t even continue... Earlier that villa model from Wind and Forest studio had already struck a blow on us. Consequently, if a one star studio also has this standard, I....”

The crowd was busily discussing, obviously they were shaken by the sudden appearance of that model.

Lin Yue’s expression of anxiety began showing signs of relief.

The three processes that influenced the realism were: Su Hao who was able to construct a perfect virtual model, Hu Pai who had a three star breakthrough and high standards... and finally, Yan Xiao, who was being invited by a four star studio.... Not to speak about anything else, but purely based on the level of realism, they had self confidence! They were enough to be rival a five star studio!

However, the degree of realism was only one part.

Perhaps this aspect could let them obtain slightly higher marks, but the decisive factor was still the style of design and the assessment of the construction.

After Lin Yue introduced the model design idea, the model assessment started!

The green rays of light once again shrouded the model villa. As if it was surrounded by thunder and lightning, countless natural phenomenon flashed, and time quickly flew past. In the blink of an eye, a hundred years had passed, and the villa model crumbled with a loud crash.

“Model construction assessment begin!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0210 The Reemergence of the Man in White
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0210 The Reemergence of the Man in White

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

“Building model assessment begin.”

“Stability of building frame, 84 points.”

“Longevity of building, 160 years. 72 points.”

“Seismic rating of building, 9, 72 points.”

“Building noise effect, 86 points.”

“Building safety rating, excellent, 80 points.”

“Building ecological derivation, excellent, 80 points.”

“Architectural design, excellent, 82 points.”

“Basic assessment results completed. The final score for this villa is 76 points!”

76 points!

Yet another 76 point ranking!

When the result came out, everyone couldn’t help but be shocked.

For the villa of the deputy mayor, these people really sacrificed a lot of blood and sweat. In one day they had actually seen two villa models with scores of 76 points. Such levels, compared to previous construction tenderings they had attended, were definitely among the best. However, this time... they had to face Wind and Forest’s 86 points.

And what was more tragic was that as a blacklisted one star studio, once From the Star studio failed, their studio would be dissolved!

Too bad!

Everyone sighed! It was such a bad luck for this studio.

However, for other studios, such news was very much to their liking.

This studio with such a high standard, once it dissolved, didn’t that mean more talented men would be available in the free market? Such a good opportunity, how could they let it go?

“Quickly go and contact them!” many studio CEOs roared. “Once their studio dissolves, be the first to invite them to join our studio. You must not let our opponents steal them away!”

After more than one hour, all five studios finished their presentation.

And now, it was finally the time for the final assessment.

The deputy mayor and a few judges below the stage discussed among themselves for a few moments. After half an hour, the final result was determined.

When the representative from each studio came up to the stage, it was time to announce the result.

“Keke.” The deputy mayor pretended to cough for a second and then looked at the five individuals on the stage. “Thanks for everyone’s tender. After a strict selection by me and a few masters from the Architectural Association, the studio who won the tender is none other than Wind...”

“Weng~”

The deputy mayor only said the word ‘wind’ before his wrist suddenly shook. A virtual screen popped out.

Casually glancing at it for a moment, the deputy mayor was shocked. An unusual look could be seen on his face.

“Deputy mayor, what happened?” The secretary beside him quickly came and asked.

“Nothing.” The deputy mayor waved his hand. “Just a message from old friend. I’ll reply to him first before announcing the result.”

After that, the deputy mayor quickly left.

The crowd looked at each other. The deputy mayor doing so in the middle of an event, they as some unknown characters definitely wouldn’t be able to understand and could only quietly wait.

At this moment, Ren Wugui looked at Lin Yue, “CEO Lin, when your studio dissolves, do you have any plans to join our studio? Our studio is very promising and about to become four star. The most important thing is that our CEO is very much interested in you.”

“Get lost!” Lin Yue didn’t hesitate to curse, “That scummy concentration camp, you expect me to join such a place?”

“Heng!”

Ren Wugui coldly grumped, “Do you still think you’re like the previous you, a dignified CEO? Let’s see if you will cry or not when your studio dissolves. Don’t let me see you crying at your little boyfriend for help!”

Lin Yue glanced at him, “Whether you can win or not, it is still unknown. Aren’t you too early to be proud?”

“If we can win?” Ren Wugui laughed out loud, “Just now the deputy mayor already said the first word, ‘wind’. Here, which studio has a name with wind in it?”

Lin Yue sneered and ignored him.

Lin Yue’s face was pale, however. He definitely had his doubts. The deputy mayor did say the word ‘wind’ halfway, but at the most crucial moment, he inexplicably went away.

Remembering what Su Hao said before, Lin Yue suddenly had an idea. Perhaps...

At the corridor outside, the deputy mayor looked at the figure on the virtual screen. His face stiffened.

This person was actually alive?

He was already shocked the moment the figure popped out from his wrist.

As the deputy mayor of Jianghe City, he naturally knew about the incidents happening in the city, which naturally included this figure in front of him right now - the man in white who had built such a great presence these past few days!

Leaping from a tall building!

That scene had amazed countless people, and touched their hearts, too. This unknown hero protecting Jianghe City was being widely praised in the upper circles of Jianghe City. As a member of the government, he naturally felt annoyed at such a character. Even if he wanted to capture him, he couldn’t do so. The death of the man in white had been a relief for him!

However, at this time, when he was ready to build his villa, this person actually came back and confronted him directly!

This man in white was planning to deal with him?

The deputy mayor’s heart beat so loudly in his ears, yet he forcefully calmed himself down. “White man, your hands are full of blood. My not trying to capture you is already a good thing for you. You actually dare to confront me right now!”

“Heng!”

Su Hao coldly sneered, “You’re not afraid I’m going to kill you?”

“With just you?” the deputy mayor replied. “I, as a dignified deputy mayor, what do I have to be afraid of from you?”

“Of course you’re not afraid,” Su Hao smiled sinisterly. “Your bodyguard is more powerful than me... But, for my first move, I exposed the incident regarding blue dream butterfly. For my second move, I revealed the attack on Jianghe City’s wealthy. So, for the third move, what if I expose the incidents of the deputy mayor’s corruption?”

“Dedeng!”

Deputy mayor’s heart nearly jumped out!

Him being corrupt?

Nonsense!

If he didn’t take any bribes, then where did he get the money to hire a five star studio, or receive the money for a three star studio seeking to get all the fame. All that money came from where?

He wasn’t only a little shady, but corrupt by quite a margin.

It was just that he thought he had done it without it being leaked out. No evidence was left behind! Who would be able to investigate it?!

However, in front of this man in white, his heart couldn’t settle down.

That incident with the blue dream butterfly; it was so secretive, yet he was able to dig it out. The raid in Jianghe City, it was even more worth mentioning! The raid was hidden from all of the upper class powers, but in the end was revealed by this man in white. It actually caused the raid to fail!

In this era of origin ability with all sort of strange things...

With all kinds of mysterious origin ability talents, nobody was able to guarantee their safety.

The deputy mayor was silent for a long time.

“What do you want?” he finally asked.

He conceded defeat? Su Hao raised his eyebrows, and smiled under his white robe.

“All this time you have been receiving quite a number of bribes. But you did contribute to society, too. You are not yet fallen to the level of complete scum.Let me tell you beforehand; in my heart, I do have a bottom line.

“Once you cross that line, I won’t hesitate to kill you! And now... you’ve reached this point. I want to see whether this villa of yours will make you cross the line.”

The deputy mayor’s thoughts went cold.

He even knew about this!

His plan to substitute one studio with another had been discovered?

What kind of ability did this man have? It was so horrifying!

Exchanging a few words with this man in white, the deputy mayor also understood his intentions. The man was actually prepared to get rid of him, but seeing him doing some good things for Jianghe City, a warning was given to him beforehand?

Suddenly, he felt relieved.

“Act wisely, deputy mayor.” The man in white seemed to be able to see through him with just a glance, his cold voice went on, “In this world, there will be more and more magical ability talents. A type which could be used to spy is not necessarily non-existent in this world. If you want to continue living safely, then act like a true deputy mayor.”

“Pa!”

The virtual screen closed, leaving the deputy mayor at a loss.

Suddenly, a chill came directly from his heart and affected his whole body.

“Who?” The deputy mayor suddenly turned his head but didn’t see anyone. “Nobody? Why do I have this feeling of being monitored?”

The deputy mayor’s back went cold again. Thinking of the words from the man in white, he wondered, “Does this legendary spying ability really exist in this world?”

Shua!

The deputy mayor left in a hurry. He dared not stay in this place any longer.

After he left, at the corner of the corridor, a white figure flashed by. Su Hao looked at the figure of the deputy mayor and helplessly sighed.

Strength...

If the gap of strength wasn’t so huge, why would he have to resort to such a move?

The deputy mayor was back. The venue once again calmed down.

Those representatives from the studio once again stood up and waited for the deputy mayor to announce the result. However, nobody was looking forward to it this time, because the result was already so obvious.

Everyone looked at Lin Yue and revealed a pitying look.

“Too bad.”

“Yea, 76 points. Such a good studio, how could it be one star?”

“Well nobody will know. Anyway, this time this studio is finished.”

Ren Wugui proudly looked at Lin Yue.

At this point, a few veteran studios were staring at the people of From the Star studio. Once they dissolved, those studios would immediately began to recruit their talent!

“Keke!” Again that habit of coughing before speaking by the deputy mayor.

“I announce the winner for this tender, the winning studio is...”

Saying this, the deputy mayor showed a sign of hesitation on his face before helplessly sighing, “From the Star studio!”

“Hong!”

The audience was shocked!

It was not Wind and Forest?

Everyone was dumbfounded.

The outstanding model, rated more than 80 points, was eliminated? Recalling the scene of deputy mayor leaving to answer a call, the crowd began to associate this word, shady!

This was definitely shady!

“Deputy mayor, can you please not try to be shady!” a reporter began to shout.

“True, it was a clear fact that Wind and Forest had a higher score!”

“I strongly request the reasons why Wind and Forest was eliminated!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0211 Who is the Truly Shady One?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0211 Who is the Truly Shady One?

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

“I strongly request that the deputy mayor explain the reason why Wind and Forest was eliminated!”

The scene became lively. After several people led the crowd and voiced their concerns, others began to follow their lead and stir up the commotion, insisting that the deputy mayor to explain.

At this moment, the face of deputy mayor was extremely bad.

Damn it, he was the truly shady one!

Investigate?

Investigate your ass!

So, he had to investigate until the fact of him colluding with other construction studios surfaced, and only then would he be satisfied?

On the stage, Ren Wugui’s face turned white. His mind was now blank. Everything had already been decided beforehand, the obvious winner would be his studio, but why suddenly...

If he let his CEO know about his failure this time... Ren Wugui was covered in cold sweat.

No! I must get clarity!

“Deputy mayor, I also want clarity...” Ren Wugui weakly opened his mouth.

“Shut the f*ck up!” The deputy mayor suddenly roared at the top of his lungs, causing the scene to quiet down!

The deputy mayor coldly looked at Ren Wugui. Others being ignorant wasn’t a problem, but Ren Wugui wanted to join the fun, too? Couldn’t he discuss this in private?

Why did he chose From the Star studio?

He just need to casually come out with a reason that he preferred that kind of style. Then, adding some story to back it up, wouldn’t this dilemma be solved? He was a dignified deputy mayor, as long as he was able to give a rational explanation, nobody would question him.

But... if Ren Wugui was to speak the truth, his position as a deputy mayor would be gone. At first, he wanted to let off this Wind and Forest studio, but those words of Ren Wugui had pushed it into the depths of the abyss. People like him who didn’t know how to control their mouths and had no sense of situation must not stay alive!

“I’m sure you all know I received a call just now.

“What I received was a well documented report about Wind and Forest studio, colluding with another studio and hiring the other higher star studio to do all the work. Such an action is really unforgivable! Such people are the worst. Capture them, send them to the police station, and let them be judged!”

“Hua~”

The crowd was in a mess.

Pa! Pa! Pa!

Countless cameras in the hands of reporters were flashing. Everyone was instantly stunned.

No wonder the deputy mayor chose the work of From the Star studio. So there was actually such a thing happening behind the scene! Now this all seemed more reasonable. A three star studio, how was it possible for them to make such a superb building model?

So it was actually them hiring someone else to do the work.

That was so shady!

Ren Wugui looked was at a loss. A cold chill came from his heart.

Even now, he still couldn’t understand why things ended up like this. He obviously didn’t realize that his words had pushed Wind and Forest down into the abyss.

“I...”

Ren Wugui opened his mouth as he wanted to say something.

“Peng!”

The deputy mayor’s bodyguard appeared and instantly made him faint. The security staff on scene then took him away!

“Congratulations, Lin Yue!”

The deputy mayor with his keen sense of justice shook Lin Yue’s hand, “Well done. Your efforts, everyone was able to see them. I will never let such people who are trying to deceive everyone win. This villa of mine, I will hand it over to you all to build. I will later ask my secretary to send the funds to your studio. As for the construction team, I have already prepared them. Everything will be under the authority of CEO Lin!”

“Yes, deputy mayor!” Lin Yue replied excitedly.

The deputy mayor nodded pleasingly before turning away. With his departure, many reporters at the scene also left to file their reports. The fraud by the Wind and Forest studio, being exposed by the deputy mayor on the spot, would definitely be a news hit storming the city!

As the crowd dispersed, Lin Yue and others also returned to their studio.

Half an hour later, when the deputy mayor’s funds arrived, those people were finally relieved!

“Hu~”

“Finally it got here. I’m afraid there would be some shady part in the middle of all this.”

“Yea, next time, we won’t accept any tasks related to the government. This was just a deputy mayor’s villa, yet a lot of incidents happened behind the scenes. If it was a real government project, if you were not careful for a second, you wouldn’t even know how you died!”

“That’s true!”

Lin Yue was also in a deep thought, “This time if it was not because of Su Hao, we would be completely finished. But... what about Su Hao? I didn’t see him come back.”

“Not sure. Perhaps he went to train.”

Hu Pai shook his head and said with some hesitation, “I always felt that he is not the same as us. Having strength, background, good attitude, and also hardworking. Such a person shouldn’t be unknown. Having said that, he did tell me that only to call him when there was any new model designing. As for other matters, he would leave them for us to solve.”

“Everyone has their own circumstances.” Lin Yue’s eyes somehow looked deep, “At least, he is our friend right?”

Everyone smiled.

“Hu Pai, settle all the materials needed for the construction. You must make sure the real construction is identical to the model. In addition, you will be responsible for overseeing the progress of the construction. Yan Xiao, I will leave the garden and surrounding environment in your hands. Jia Jia, help me communicate with the construction team. When everything is ready, we can start.”

Lin Yue carefully arranged the jobs for each of them. As a qualified CEO, he was obviously well versed in what to do.

“Alright!” Everyone then went to do their respective jobs.

At this time, this Su Hao, so mysterious in the eyes of others, was making medicine like a madman. Obtaining a three star card for the very first time, Su Hao was so excited. He really couldn’t wait for his energy to slowly recover. That was why he began to consume origin ability recovery potions like crazy, which finally played some small role.

Since a beginner origin ability recovery potion was useless at this stage, he began to train in making intermediate origin ability recovery elixirs.

Intermediate origin ability recovery and intermediate body recovery medicines were the standard and minimum requirements for an intermediate pharmacist. Naturally, the difficulty was much higher. Even the base material for this potion was more costly. Thus, in order to improve his level as a pharmacist and get familiar with different herbs, when Su Hao trained he didn’t use his model analysis. Without any reservations, he used all the herbs available to begin his training.

He didn’t care about this, but of course Master Zhang turned green.

Without using model analysis, Su Hao’s talent could only be considered as ordinary. His failure rate was high. During the first day, after repeating almost a hundred times, his success rate was zero! During the second day, he had some progress, and he managed to achieve twenty percent success rate on the third day. Looking at his empty herb stock, Master Zhang could only cry.

But the loss in the early stages was not something he could avoid.

As for Su Hao’s condition, he did understand it a little.

Once he was skilled in a new formula, coupled with his model analysis, Su Hao’s success rate would surge. Previously, when Su Hao was training to make the body recovery potion, Master Zhang had to suffer losses until his pants were nearly gone. Later on, when Su Hao’s skill improved, all the losses were earned back.

Now, it was the same situation all over again.

The fourth day!

Su Hao’s success rate at the intermediate origin ability recovery formula finally reached thirty percent!

At this time, for every three different batches of herbs, Su Hao would succeed once! As for the same herb batch, even if he failed his first trial, he would still be able to succeed the second time! This meant that for a single herb batch, once he used model analysis once and did the real life experiment once, he would succeed!

He only need to use his model analysis once to get a group of ten bottles of intermediate origin ability energy recovery potions.

After counting for a bit, Su Hao felt nice.

Thus, when he made the intermediate origin ability recovery elixirs, his success rate would surge to ninety percent! His success rate had jumped all the way to ninety percent! Excluding some herb batches which had higher difficulty, failing twice, most of the herbs would succeed at his second refinement.

After the first two days when the losses were unimaginable, once again the storm of profitable earnings began to land.

Such a success rate, how could there be any loss principle in the dictionary?

Looking at how his disciple easily progressed to such a level, Master Zhang suddenly thought of how ridiculous he was when he was young.

Now this was a money printing machine!

How could this be a human? This was just a milk producing cow! Cow in grassland, eating grass and producing milk. As for Su Hao? What he used was ordinary low grade herbs and came up with expensive potions. With his success rate at ninety percent, how was this any different from those dairy cows?

“Heh, this brat, when he learns new things, he will be like a madman.”

Master Zhang looked at that expression of Su Hao being immersed in his work. At such age, to receive such a disciple, everything seemed good and he considered that he had found a great successor to all his knowledge. The only worry he had was when this disciple of his learned a new formula; at the early stage, the loss was unimaginable. Ordinary people wouldn’t be able to afford such a disciple.

“Shua!”

At this time, Su Hao completed another batch of elixirs.

Master Zhang was just preparing to ask him to rest, but was surprised to find out that Su Hao didn’t pour the blue liquid into the bottle. Instead, he just took it and poured into his mouth.

“Gudong!”

A batch of the medicine entered his body.

MAster Zhang was stunned. Drinking it all at once?

Although he knew this disciple of his was hungry for origin ability energy, this was an intermediate origin ability recovery potion, not a beginner potion. One bottle of that was equivalent to ten standard bottles. What was this disciple of his trying to do now?!

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

A terrifying origin ability energy began to surge within his body. Su Hao’s facial expression didn’t change as he began to break through this three star card. As his energy quickly depleted and was then recovered by this whole bottle of recovery medicine, it surprisingly still couldn’t continuously support Su Hao’s consumption rate! How fast was the consumption rate of a three star card?!

“Breakthrough!”

“Breakthrough!”

Su Hao crazily used his energy. Only when the energy within his body was depleted would he wake up from his immersion.

Another breakthrough, done!

Su Hao had a look at the progress of this three star card. It was seventy percent complete. With this kind of speed, in another day or two, he would be able to complete this three star card.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0212 Origin ability storm!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0212 Origin ability storm!

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

3 star card...

Su Hao sighed. As he opened his eyes, he was shocked by the creature in front of him, “F*ck, master? Why are you so close!”

Zhang Zhongtian, “...”

“Pa!”

Zhang Zhongtian smacked his head, “The words earlier, can you please not to associate them with me?”

Su Hao sweated.

“What’s wrong with you, kid?” Zhang Zhongtian stared at him, “And to think that I was concerned that you were caught in energy outburst. In the end, nothing happened to you? So much origin ability energy yet you absorbed everything and didn’t have a single reaction?”

“Er-”

Su Hao shook his head, “Earlier I tried creating this room model. When I was about to breakthrough but yea eventually, hmm... failed.”

“As long as you are okay it’s fine.”

Zhang Zhongtian realized although Su Hao was a pharmacist, he was after all a student and a seeker. In the aspect of origin ability talent, to have realization and making breakthroughs were common for him.

“Yes.”

Su Hao laughed, suddenly he had a thought, “Master, the black market intermediate body strengthening drug is still not complete?”

“Sigh, better not talk about it.”

Zhang Zhongtian laughed bitterly and said, “I originally thought that taking the drug formula from Gao Yang should be enough. What I was not expecting, although the pain had been solved, on the other hand, instead it faced another problem. You don’t have to worry. As a master, I will think of a solution myself. If it’s completed, you will surely be the first to know.”

“Good!”

Su Hao nodded. Zhang Zhongtian did not say anything, obviously, the current Su Hao still doesn’t have the ability to meddle with this. It seemed like for this moment he would not be able to help.

After idly chatting with his master for a while, Su Hao was prepared to start another experiment. Suddenly, his wrists shook, the virtual screen popped out, causing his actions to stop.

“Lin Yue?”

Su Hao frowned.

The model villa of the deputy mayor was already complete. Although the era was different, there were still many advanced scientific, technological and origin ability means that can be utilized to make the construction work be completed easier and quicker, but the villa construction period would still require at least a few months. As the chief designer of the construction of the villa, Lin Yue was looking for him at this time. What had happened?

“What is going on?”

Su Hao answered the communication device and directly asked.

“Long time no see, Su Hao.”

Lin Yue laughed. After not meeting for a few days, it could be seen that he was really in high spirits now. His whole person was filled with high morale and energy. His current appearance now was even more enchanting...

“Damn it!”

Su Hao scolded in a joking manner, “When you talk to me, can you please not smile in such a way?”

“Shua!”

Lin Yue’s expression immediately became a helpless bitter laugh. He then said in an annoyed tone, “I’m not even allowed to smile? It seemed that your influence is so huge that deputy mayor had to listen to you!”

Su Hao shrugged his shoulders.

Lin Yue was very helpless. Was it a sin to look beautiful? He had no right to bother about such things! However, the mysterious feeling carried by Su Hao a few days ago instantly disappeared as these two people joked around. No matter what was Su Hao’s identity, he was still the Su Hao they knew.

“Hmm, the reason why I am calling you is because I have a special task for you.”

“Task?”

Su Hao was slightly doubtful, “So we just abandon the deputy mayor’s villa?”

“Not our task.”

Lin Yue shook his head, and mysteriously smiled, “This task, is a task specifically aimed at you. The reward is very generous. Even though I know you shouldn’t be lacking money, but this task would be a great help to your training. If you are interested, do come over.”

“Shua!”

Lin Yue turned off the screen.

“Mysterious task?”

Su Hao had a thought. Helpful to his training, generous reward, related to himself... what type of task was this?

He had to admit that he was very interested.

Jinhua City was the biggest city among the hundreds of cities that surrounded it. This has always been the center point of all the bustles and wealth. Whether if it was the government or various scales of associations, they were all much bigger than the other cities. Every day, the human traffic level here was also one of a kind. Every day there was also an innumerable number of espers passing by!

However, since the beginning of last week, the number of human pedestrians had exploded to more than triple the usual number. It became overcrowded!

All these were because, at the north side of Jinhua City, more than hundreds of miles away a temple has collapsed! That was an ancient relic, it was said that it has been in existence for a very long time. Being one of the rare and perfectly preserved ancient ruins after going through the chaotic origin ability era, it was unexpectedly not damaged. Naturally, it had abnormally valuable which the government decided to protect.

After so many years, under the care of the government, the temple had been safe and sound.

However 10 days ago, a strange origin ability storm erupted!

With the temple as the center, and spread towards its surroundings, the horrifying origin ability storm, caused the huge temple to be directly destroyed, and the surrounding people disappeared. On the next day, when the people rushed over, all they saw were ruins.

The remains of ruins!

This type of matter, totally cannot be hidden from Jinhua City’s people in power. Within a day’s time, Jinhua City’s influential people already knew about it. In two days time, the news of Jianhua City’s origin ability storm tearing apart and destroying the ancient ruins spread to the neighboring cities. In this age of internet information, such news was totally impossible to be intercepted!

In a moment, everyone got excited and started flocking towards Jinhua City.

That was an origin ability storm!

The whole crowd knew the dangers of an origin ability storm.

But danger always coexisted with opportunity. At the center of the origin ability storm, there was a mysterious and terrifying energy that could affect matter. This was the origin of the camouflage artifact. After the outbreak of an origin ability storm, what also appeared alongside it would be a camouflage artifact!

If that was the case, it was not enough for people to get excited. If there were only one or two artifacts, with so many espers in Jinhua City, how competitive would that be? But the reason behind this riot was because at the location of the origin ability storm was an ancient relic.

According to the statistics and investigation of the Origin Ability Association.

Under the effects of an origin ability storm, the probability of the ancient items being affected was a few times higher compared to normal items! Nobody knew if it was due to the items’ old age that caused it to be affected or some other mysterious reasons. In short, this was the result of countless origin ability storms.

If it was at an ordinary place, one origin ability storm would only produce a camouflage artifact. But if it was at an ancient ruin....

The thought of it caused people to have jitters! The camouflage artifact was extremely valuable. If somebody was fortunate enough to possess one, it would be like winning a jackpot! Apart from Jinhua City’s few big figures, the others would also have an opportunity to have one.... Having such ambitions, everyone came rushing over!

Faced with such a heyday scenario, Jinhua City was in a dilemma.

Intercepting all outsiders?

Who dared!

As long as there was only a piece, no one would rob you. But with the appearance of so many precious items, if Jinhua City dared possess them for itself, it would then face the surrounding 90 plus cities’ unified attack!

With such force, that would only result in an instant death!

Therefore, facing such a situation, rather than hiding, might as well keep it out in the open!

Very quickly, Jinhua City made a public announcement in a generous manner that they were not worried that others will take away their items. They welcomed the crowd to Jinhua City to probe the ruins together, fair competition, and other statements. With such an assured display, this instead caused the people from other cities to be suspicious. As they were guessing, they headed towards Jinhua City.

Were Jinhua City’s big shots that generous?

Otherwise!

This was just a diplomatic move. Even it was stated so, but in reality, the ones in control of Jinhua City was naturally the closest. When the news was first leaked, the crowd of Jinhua City immediately sent people to the site! If they would rush there and obtain the items before the others, naturally they didn’t have to worry about the problem of who possessed the camouflage artifacts.

Such a well-planned scheme.

But was the camouflage artifacts really that easily obtained?

Dead!

Those who entered into the ancient ruins to explore were all killed by a group of killers and surprisingly, there were two specialized variant espers among them.

At this moment, the crowd realized because of the effects of the origin ability storm and collapse of the ruins, that place had completely become an unfamiliar territory that was under the effects of an origin ability storm.

The murderous intent slowly arose!

The origin ability storm had vanished.

But surrounding the many items, the berserk energy from origin ability storm still remained. If one accidentally touched it, it would cause the internal origin ability whirlpool to burst with a mini-version of the origin ability storm forming within the person and literally caused the person to explode! Dead without a place to bury! The raging and violent origin ability energy had caused a countless number of people to die horribly.

In the middle of this ruins, such items were countless. One step wrong would cause death!

The first wave was completely wiped out which caused Jinhua City’s plan to be the first one to rake in all the items fail. As they reassembled themselves and planned to enter the second time, the powerful men from the other cities had already arrived.

The remaining ruins were totally exposed.

In order to prevent the people of Jinhua City from gaining an advantage, under the strong request of the powerful men of other cities, they could only wait for a week’s time. After everyone had arrived, then everyone would go explore together in a fair competition! Under the pressure of the combination of the other cities, Jinhua City was forced to agree.

A week’s time quickly passed with the agreed time quietly arrived.

And at the moment, Su Hao was bidding his master goodbye before rushing towards the construction studio.

“Lin Yue this guy, if there is something why didn’t he just tell me directly. To nag like women from morning to night, curse you...”

As Su Hao whispered, suddenly he saw a riot in front of him as if something had happened. A big crowd gathered as they pointed and said something.

“Sure enough, they were just those who had nothing to do and join the crowd.”

Su Hao helplessly shook his head, this was the specialty of this area.

After he lamented, Su Hao then walked around the crowd. He had never been a busybody, not to mention at times, what was seen doesn’t mean to be right.

Then at this moment, an angry voice from the crowd caught his attention.

Su Hao’s whole body shook before he looked at the center of the crowd.

Is it actually him?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0213 Retribution?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0213 Retribution?

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

It turned out to be him?

Su Hao’s eyes revealed a slight hint of shock. Originally he thought that he would not have any encounters with this guy anymore. He never expected that he would meet him in such a place.

Who?

Luo Wei!

Su Hao’s buddy in junior high school, yet in high school, he betrayed Su Hao due to his weak strength and joined Sun Yaotian. He had even threatened Su Hao several times, but Su Hao just kept ignoring it. Since entering the natural selection class, Su Hao no longer saw him.

Now to see him, Su Hao surprisingly didn’t feel any anger.

Previously, at the start of the betrayal, Su Hao never had the idea of seeking revenge.

Because he did not deserve it!

With Su Hao’s current strength, to get rid of Luo Wei is just as easy as ABC. It was just that when he saw Luo Wei being surrounded by a few people, Su Hao didn’t feel angry or anything. He just stood there indifferently.

A person should pay the price for his own choice!

“Get lost!”

Luo Wei roared. His face was red. With his height of 1.9 meter and tough muscles, he was like a mad gorilla about to rage.

“Stop showing off!”

A 1.7-meter middle-aged man in front of him sneered and pointed at his nose without hesitation, “Brat, your origin ability is only 7 points, yet you try to act almighty? You believe or not I would get rid of you in a matter of second. Plus, we’re still in the city and the Origin Ability Association is nearby. Do you dare to make a move?”

Luo Wei’s face was brimming red.

“Hmmpph.”

The middle-aged man coldly smirked, “This daddy of yours is a decent businessman. It is not easy to do business. Yet your mother tried to sell the same thing in front of my house. Do you know how much profit I have lost because of your mum? Today, if you don’t give a good explanation then follow me to the police station.”

“Sorry, I’m sorry... I didn’t know this is illegal.”

Behind Luo Wei, a middle-aged woman came out with a pale look. “It was recommended by my neighbor next door... I noticed there were not many people here, that was why I dared to set up my stall here...”

“Mum, you don’t have to say anything. Just let me handle it.”

Luo Wei pulled his mum behind and stared at the middle-aged man fiercely, “What do you want? Stop beating around the bush.”

“If you don’t want to go police station, then let’s settle this privately.”

The middle-aged man happily continued, “Just a casual one hundred thousand star dollar should be enough.”

“You madman!”

Luo Wei’s face turned pale, “A hundred thousand? My mother couldn’t even earn more than a few hundred star dollars per day!”

“Hehe, young man. Accounts are not calculated like this. Plus, your mum had been selling from here for a full one month! ” The middle-aged man continued, “My store’s monthly rent is also a few hundred thousand star dollar. How much have I lost in one month? My demand of one hundred thousand star dollar is already considered being lenient.”

A month?

Luo Wei’s body trembled as he looked at his mum behind. Luo Wei’s mum’s eyes were a bit red, “Yes, it has been one month.”

“Damn!”

Luo Wei cursed. They had been fooled!

This middle-aged man obviously knew that it was illegal to set up a stall here but didn’t say anything. Only when one month had passed did he voice out. This clearly showed his motive of trying to fool them. Moreover, Luo Wei was in a disadvantaged situation since it was indeed his mum’s fault. For ordinary people, a loss of more than a hundred thousand star dollar was enough to send someone to jail for a while.

But to seek compensation of one hundred star dollar from them? Even if he sold himself, he would not be able to afford it too.

Now his only hope what this man did not...

“Haha.”

The middle-aged man glanced at him, “Hehe, our main door has a surveillance camera. If you’re really unwilling, let’s go to the police station then. I believe the police will give me a fair solution. Just that, your mum isn’t young anymore. To stay in jail for a day or two, I’m afraid...”

“Kacha!”

Luo Wei’s wrist went tight. He was so mad as he stared at the middle-aged man, “You should know our family couldn’t afford that much money. What is your true motive, just say it out now!”

“Great!”

The middle-aged man laughed, “I love smart people. Well, in fact as long as you do something for me, I will consider this never happen.”

“What is the thing you want me to do?”

Luo Wei coldly replied.

The middle-aged man casually said, “Follow me to the underground black market and have a boxing match. This is voluntary. After all, forcing others is a break of law.”

“Underground boxing ring!”

Luo Wei startled. He finally understood!

From the start, this was all set up for him. Perhaps even of her mum’s decision of setting up a stall here must have been recommended by some old ladies who were bought by this men! The elderly would not know all these tricks. The purpose of this man was to let him join the underground boxing ring from the very beginning!

That place is a place where origin ability talent is not allowed to be used. It was a complete bloody place!

The opponent was fancy of his body figure. Although the middle-aged man only asked him to have a match once, he knew very well that once he was in, there would be no chance out! Moreover, with a death rate of more than 80%, how many people had gone and never returned?

Also, even if he won, his whole body would be a waste eventually.

His mum had been suffering for so many years in order to save for his tuition fees, in order to let him enroll in college. How much more did she have to suffer? There were times when she got beaten, was that not all done just so that he could go to college? His father was a killer. For his tuition, his father also crazily did any task. There was once he went outside to kill berserk beasts and never returned. What was it for again?

College...

Only when he entered a college, would he had the opportunity to get rid of being in the bottom in this era of origin ability.

In order to enroll in college, in order to enhance his strength, he could pay all the cost! Even at the cost of becoming a villain! But now... Luo Wei looked at the white hairs on his mum’s head and bitterly lowered his head, “I promise you!”

“No, Xiao Wei. You can’t promise this!”

His mum was anxious and tears dropped, “This is my own mistake. I’m sorry to you, my son. Mum is not afraid of going to jail. I will go to the police station now. Then, you won’t have to join this underground boxing ring.”

After his mum said so, she took out her phone and was ready to call the police.

“Don’t call!”

The middle-aged man looked anxious and quickly grabbed the phone to fiercely threw the phone to the ground. However, it seems unintentional that his much effort had caused Luo Wei’s mum to fell to the ground, causing her wrist to swell.

“Mum!”

Luo Wei quickly went to support his mum and looked at the middle-aged man angrily. His both eyes were like a mad boar, “Are you being intentional?”

“Heng!”

The middle-aged man sneered, “Just now it was just an accident. You should know what I mean. If you don’t follow me and go... hehe, right now your mum is injured. To be in jail under such state... it doesn’t seem good.”

Luo Wei’s heart went cold. He knew very well that this middle-aged man had already been waiting for them to enter the net from the very beginning. He only had a dead road. This was just the start yet his mum was already injured. If she were to enter jail, the opposition would definitely not let her off easily.

“Xiao Wei, don’t go.”

Luo Wei’s mother tremblingly persuaded her son, “Mum will be fine.”

“Mum, don’t worry. It is just underground boxing. I will be back after I finish it.”

Luo Wei pretended to be calm but his heart was bleeding. His lifetime struggle... recalling back of all these years just to earn extra money, he helped others to do all sort of f*cking things. He even went to suggest Sun Yaotian to make a move on Su Ling, the little brat who kept following behind him and called him Big Brother Luo Wei a few years ago. He was simply worse than an animal!

Luo Wei looked a little sad. Is this the so-called retribution?

“Now, this seems right.”

The middle-aged man was happy. Finally, his aim was fulfilled. As long as Luo Wei entered such place, could he dream of coming out again? At that time, this Luo Wei who had such a good physique was definitely suited for the underground boxing ring. As long as he was good, Luo Wei would absolutely earn him lucrative betting rewards. As for his half-dead mother?

Later on, as long as he found a chance to kill her and push the responsibility to the opponents, wouldn’t he have obtained a loyal slave? This inexperienced student was easy to be toyed with. When he was proud of himself, he felt a drop on his shoulder. At the same time, a cold voice came from behind.

“I say, it should be enough by now.”

“Who?”

The middle-aged man turned around, only to find out a young man standing behind him. With his age around 17 years old, apparently, he seemed to be a student.

“Huh? Your schoolmate?”

“Su... Su Hao?”

Luo Wei was stunned.

In fact, he was dumbfounded.

No matter what, he would never think of encountering Su Hao in such place. What made him more amazed was for Su Hao to step up during the most crucial moment.

To help someone like him who betrayed him once.

How bad he felt, he himself knew very well. There were some matters that when he thought of them, he was unable to even sleep during those times. Looking at Su Hao in front of him, he found out that he could not even speak a single word out.

He felt regret and was disappointed with himself!

Su Hao coldly looked at him but didn’t say anything. Instead, he looked at the middle-aged man, “I will give you one hundred thousand star dollar. Consider that matter as solved and don’t come and try to find any trouble again.”

The middle-aged man didn’t feel good about this. This Luo Wei seemed to be able to find a helper. If he really wanted that one hundred thousand star dollar, for what did he spend the whole month for? Was it not for him to find a suitable new boxer?

Damn it!

Since someone is here to cause trouble, then do not blame me for being harsh!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0214 Mysterious task
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0214 Mysterious task

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

“You guys are all scammer!”

“I want to bring and send you all to the police station!”

The middle-aged man suddenly jumped out and pointed at Su Hao and the other twos. Secretly he was giving a sign to several of his men to take them away. As long as he took them to somewhere far and unknown, would he not have the advantage again?

“Shua!”

Around five of his men charged at Su Hao.

Su Hao sneered. With a gentle move of his right hand, everyone felt the surrounding turned dark for a second. These five burly men were all blasted away, flying more than 10 meters away and landed on the ground in a sorry state.

“Not good!”

The middle-aged did not have a good feeling about this.

Retreat!

Unconsciously, this middle-aged man wanted to slip away but at this time, how could Su Hao let him run away?

“Shua!”

Su Hao grabbed one of his arms to keep his figure here and twisted his arm with force.

“Kacha!”

With a move from Su Hao, the middle-aged fell to the ground and his stomach was fiercely stepped on by Su Hao’s right foot.

“Pu~”

A mouthful of blood sprayed out.

The crowd who joined the fun were dumbfounded.

Damn!

Who is this new guy?

So fierce!

That was people from the underground boxing ring. Those few men with at least 10 points of origin ability and above were easily defeated. As for the leader, he was just a waste!

Such reckless actions!

The scene just now, everyone saw but dared not to act. Who didn’t understand the result of messing with people from the underground boxing ring? Not many could afford one hundred thousand dollars. Even if they managed to come up with the money, they would still face endless trouble. To be targeted by such people, they dared not imagine how their death would look like.

Thus, many people watched the bustling scene but nobody dared to step up.

This student was too reckless. To make a move like that, he wasn’t afraid of any revenge?

In the end, he was too immature.

Those marked by the underground boxing ring, who could escape?

Just like that, this student had to suffer too!

When they felt sorry for him, they saw the student activated his communication device and called someone.

“Hello, Bureau Chief He, are you busy?”

“If you have nothing to do, come here with some of your underlings. A gang of underground boxing ring members were beaten by me, lying on the ground now. You come and take them away.”

After saying so, the student hung up.

The crowd was terrified after hearing this.

Bureau Chief He?

It couldn’t be that bureau chief from the police station, right?

It shouldn’t be. How could a student know such a dignified bureau chief?

However, under the shock of everyone, the police came. Without any hesitation, they took those people away. And later, what stunned the crowd more was this student even patted the officer who led the team, “Xiao Li, go back and tell your bureau chief that these few bastards, don’t let them out anymore. I do not wish to see them!”

“No problem!”

The police car withdrew.

The crowd only recovered from shock by now. This schoolmate of Luo Wei, was he some rich kid or official’s child? At this time, everyone regretted not helping. If they knew Luo Wei had such a powerful backer supporting him, they would have already made their move! This was a good chance to know those upper class!

Such a pity...

Under the sigh of the crowd, Su Hao looked back at Luo Wei. Instead of bothering him, he went directly to Luo Wei’s mother and supported her.

“Aunty, long time no see.”

“You are?”

Luo Wei’s mum was puzzled. She really couldn’t recognize him.

“Eh, I’m Su Hao.”

Su Hao was somewhat sad. A few years had passed, but even Luo Wei’s mother couldn’t recognize him anymore.

“Oh, Su Hao! It’s you!”

Luo Wei’s mother was shocked, “You brat had changed so much. You’re even more handsome than Xiao Wei. You have not come to our house for about three years. I have always considered you as my own son, yet you didn’t come and visit me.”

“Well, the college entrance exam is coming soon.”

Su Hao smiled and quickly changed the topic, “Auntie, are you hurt anywhere?”

“No, I’m fine.”

Luo Wei’s mother sighed as her eyes were showing a slight hint of redness, “Never would I thought that you would be the one to save us. During junior high school, Xiao Wei loved to follow behind you. At that time, I already knew you would be one promising man in the future. In just a few years, you’re already so great that you know the bureau chief. If not because of you, our Xiao Wei...”

“Aunty, nothing will happen.”

Su Hao tried to comfort her, “First, clear up the things on the floor. Since you can’t open the stall here anymore, we have to leave here fast.”

“Alright, alright.”

Luo Wei’s mother quickly cleared her stall.

Su Hao stood up and then glanced at Luo Wei who was stunned the whole time.

Luo Wei’s face showed some embarrassment, “Su Hao, I... I...”

Su Hao sneered, “Don’t think that I’m here to help you. Those years in junior high, aunty treated me well. If not because of that bastard daring to make a move on aunty, I wouldn’t even bother.”

Luo Wei’s face was so red.

“I still have things to be done and have to leave first. As for aunty, I will explain myself.”

After Su Hao said so, he turned away but after taking a few steps, he then paused to slip in a few sentences, “Just now, you made quite a good decision. It seems your conscience has not been completely eaten by a dog. Next time, make a better choice. Aunty has worked hard her whole life. I don’t want her to be disappointed.”

Luo Wei’s whole body was startled!

When Luo Wei’s mother finished packing up stuff and came over, she saw Su Hao leave in a hurry. “Sigh, this Su Hao, how could he leave just like that? I actually planned to make a good meal for him. I still remember that he loves my pork strips the most. Last time, when we hadn’t even started the meal yet, you two would finish them first.”

“He always liked to go for a fight and made himself injured all over his body. In order to not make Xiao Ru worried, he would hide at our place. How could he not know that I too would feel sad looking at him? In my eyes, he is my son too. It had been a few years since we met yet... he hurriedly left.”

Recalling back the past, Luo Wei’s mother was somehow sad again.

She was just a woman from an ordinary family, with no origin ability talent or special ability. The chaos of origin ability era didn’t affect her much. What country or organization out there, she didn’t even know. In her eyes, only her family members were her true home.

After her husband’s death, Su Hao and Luo Wei were her everything.

“Mum, don’t blame Su Hao...”

Listening to his mum’s words, Luo Wei mumbled.

Those years once again floated in his mind. Fighting together, climbing wall together, walking home together. He still remembered during a fight, Su Hao would always be the first one to charge forward.

Thinking of all the bad stuff he did in recent years, Luo Wei felt heartache. Thinking of his mum who sometimes made an extra portion of the meal due to her being used to waiting for Su Hao to come by, he really was disappointed with himself. All these years, what had he done?

“Mum, Su Hao didn’t come because of me! It was me!”

“Putong!”

Luo Wei looked at direction Su Hao left and knelt down in tears. Forcefully, he hit his head hard on the ground.

“Dong!”

“Dong!”

“Dong!”

Very quick, blood began to stain the ground. His mother quickly pulled him up, “Xiao Wei, what happened?”

“Mum, I’m sorry to you. I’m sorry to Su Ling. I’m sorrier to Su Hao!”

Luo Wei fiercely beat his chest. This self-harming seemed to be able to make his heart feel better. Watching at a direction far away, he wanted to say something and finally murmured out this sentence.

“Su Hao... I’m sorry!”

But Su Hao had already left.

Leaving in hesitation, although he really wanted to stay with Luo Wei’s mum who treated him as well as her own son, he really didn’t know how to face Luo Wei.

If it was any other person that dared to provoke him, he would have long ago slaughtered that person.

But Luo Wei...

“Sigh.”

Su Hao bitterly smiled, “In the end, my heart is still soft. I hope Luo Wei will wake up. This mum of his really worked too hard her whole life!”

Helplessly shook his head, Su Hao continued to hurry and soon reached the studio.

At this moment, Lin Yue had already waited fo him for quite some time.

“Why are you here only now?”

Lin Yue rolled his eyes.

Su Hao already immune to his current pattern. While smiling, Su Hao said, “You ask me to come and I came. Yet, you’re not giving me face. Just say what the matter is that would bring CEO Lin to ask me personally to be here?”

Lin Yue threw a thick document in front of Su Hao, “Have a look at it yourself.”

“It’s hardcopy?”

Su Hao’s eyebrows frowned. No wonder Lin Yue personally requested him to come.

When he had a look at the content inside. Su Hao had a shock. The ruins near Jinhua City... the origin ability storm... origin ability whirlpool... the gathering of lots of espers from different cities... death of two specialized variant espers...

After reading this, Su Hao was shocked.

Unexpectedly, in just a few days, so many things had actually happened!

Just that what did this had anything to do with him?

“You’re thinking this doesn’t relate to you, right?”

Lin Yue smirked.

Su Hao nodded, “These ruins are too dangerous. Even with specialized variant espers there, I am someone who is extremely weak, to go there is to court my own death...”

“Haha, of course I won’t let you court your own death.”

Lin Yue laughed, “Let me tell you a thing and you will understand. Under normal circumstances, if an origin ability storm happened at an ordinary place, the problem won’t be great. Because basically the general structure of the building still exists. But this time, the storm happened in an ancient temple. Those unstable temples, under such a storm directly turned into ruins. It was precisely because of this that those two espers died.”

Su Hao was in a deep thought, “What you mean is...”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0215 A Godly Technique of Model Analysis!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0215 A Godly Technique of Model Analysis!

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Nora.

“You’re right!” Lin Yue laughed and said, “Model analysis! Analyze the building structure that is underneath the ruins, draw a blueprint of the building structure, this is your task. You need to follow them down. While you are drawing the map, you can estimate the location of any origin ability whirlpool. As long as you can help them avoid any dangerous areas, then it should be enough.”

“I can’t use the communication device?”Su Hao frowned.

“I am afraid you can’t.” Lin Yue shook his head. “Under the effects of the origin ability storm, no signal is able to enter. The only thing that can infiltrate it are some special origin abilities and due to the effect of the origin ability storm, their range is also drastically reduced. As such, if you are thinking of directly drawing a ruins blueprint, that is not possible. You can only draw as you follow them along.

“I won’t do it!” Su Hao said without hesitation, “It’s too dangerous!”

If he went while he was so weak, the only thing that he would find was death! Even specialized variant espers were killed. If he went, wouldn’t it mean an instant death? For a matter that had no assurance, he definitely would not do it!

“Really?” Lin Yue fakely smiled as he looked at him. “What if - the reward for the task is this?”

Lin Yue pressed the screen on his wrist and a training manual jumped out from the screen. “Because these espers want to get a camouflage artifact, they are willing to pay a very hefty price. I don’t really understand but according to reports, this is a godly technique for model analysis, are you sure you aren’t tempted by it?”

“This is....”

When Su Hao glanced at it, he was stunned and his whole being suddenly jumped up!

Wow!

Such a thing actually existed!

It could destroy a permanent model and transform it back to normal origin ability energy, returning it to the body.

The level of reversal was determined by the level of training.

“Model Reversal...” Su Hao took a while to calm himself.

A long time ago, he had thought of this question. For permanent models, once establishment was complete, it would not leave his own body. However, what if they were destroyed? Would the origin ability energy return?

He had tried.

But how to destroy it?

How to reverse it?

He was totally clueless!

Afterward, when he had inquired about the relevant information, he learned of a thing called model reversal! To put it accurately, it was an origin ability technique, and it was also a model analysis type special technique! Because other model type origin abilities were not necessarily able to construct permanent models, their consumption was not very huge. Only model analysis urgently needed this origin ability technique.

Try to imagine this.

The daily accumulation of permanent models.

When you needed origin ability energy, you could crush these permanent model and could potentially provide a nearly unlimited amount of energy. How great would that be? To others it would just be something ordinary, but for Su Hao?

Once he mastered this, never again would he lack origin ability energy!

If he had sufficient origin ability energy he could make those 3D animations that he had imagined and those various mysterious abilities that he had envisioned!

He must get it!

Su Hao’s mind flashed with this thought.

However, he quickly got rid of all these desires. Once again, Su Hao had restored his calmness. With his current abilities, entering the ruins was the same as entering a tiger’s cave, he would not even know how he had died.

It really had a slight feeling of courting disaster.

Lin Yue saw his conflicted expression and found it funny. “Isn’t it just a construction model task? What are you still hesitating for? Wait... Could it possibly be that you were considering it from the aspect of an esper?”

“Ah?” Su Hao was slightly doubtful.

“Please.” Lin Yue speechlessly said, “You need to clearly know your own identity. This time, you won’t be involved much! Regardless of the dangers, your help is not needed at all. As long as you display your model analysis ability, they will be there to protect you if there are any dangers. Who would attack you?”

“That’s right!” Su Hao’s eyes lit up.

He always saw himself as an esper, a warrior! When he came to the studio, it was only because of a job. Therefore, as he thought of the problems, he would subconsciously analyze them from this angle. He had not seen things as clearly as Lin Yue. Specialized variant espers were very powerful, but what did that have to do with him?

This time, he was just an ordinary person.

A virtual model builder from a professional studio, a non-combat personnel who was a master of model analysis.

Such an identity was simply the perfect disguise!

“Good! I accept this task!” Su Hao banged the table and made his decision on the spot.

“Okay, I will issue the other party a receipt.” Lin Le laughed and said, “You go and get ready. Once the other party opens its mouth, you may be required to leave at any time.”

“Okay!”

Since he had decided, he no longer hesitated. This adventure had great significance to him. Forget about those espers from various cities, the most important thing was other model analysis users like him. Perhaps, he could learn new things from the other model analysts.

However, there were some preparations to make before he left.

First, the problem of his origin ability!

Le Yue never thought of this because he was not clear about Su Hao’s abilities. Only Su Hao was clear that after mastering the intermediate origin ability transition technique, his real origin ability had already reached 16.1 points!

Such a level was enough to cause specialized variant espers to be alert!

Once the others were alerted, his situation would become dangerous. Hence, he could not allow the others to find out about his origin ability.

Under normal circumstances, as long as his origin ability was not used, nobody would realize it. However, there were always tools that could achieve this goal. For example, the natural selection class’ communication device combined with the origin ability assessment software was enough.

Although in theory this was the specialty of the natural selection class, but who could guarantee that in society, there was not someone who could produce identical software and hardware?

As of Su Hao’s understanding, the Penguin Company’s copying abilities were very powerful. Perhaps, the Penguin Company would have released the same software to serve their VIP.

As such, he had to take precautions for this point.

“Origin ability assessment software...”

Su Hao thought for a while. According to his basic knowledge on the subject of software, although he did not know much about programming, he was clear about one point, and that was - the opposite nature of software. For example, hackers. For software that had loopholes, there would be defensive software that was made to counter loopholes. For IP detection software, there would be software that prevented IP detection.

Hence, from this angle, since there was an origin ability assessment software, there definitely would be an origin ability detection shield software!

Did it exist?

Su Hao thought for a moment. He went to the school’s task store to have a look and he surprisingly found one!

Origin ability detection shield software.

“There really is one!”

Su Hao’s eyes lit. He looked at the price, it was only 300 task points!

So cheap!

Bought!

With a wave of his hands, Su Hao sealed the purchase, but a rejection box instantly intercepted him.

“Hello, to buy this software, the origin ability assessment software must be purchased first. Only by doing so can any detection fluctuation be detected and a shield be executed!”

Su Hao: “...”

Damn!

Buy one, get one free!

He could not proceed without buying one?

Dishonest business!

Su Hao cursed for a while, but he still chose to purchase it. He had already planned to purchase the origin ability assessment software, but he had delayed the purchase due to many interruptions. This time, both were purchased at the same time by chance.

“Ding - purchase successful!”

Both software programs were downloaded and installed. Su Hao looked at his empty account and immediately sighed.

When he bought the body forging technique, he still had a few task points left. In his previous gamble with Guan Yuanzhong, he managed to obtain extra 700 points. After that, he went to the school library to read some books and a few more task points were deducted. He used up the remaining 800 to purchase the two software programs and had immediately emptied his account!

Assignment points: 0.

“Ding - software installation complete.”

There was no need to talk about the origin ability assessment software. Through the screen, it could automatically lock on the target and begin its assessment. After detecting each component, its final assessment would be given. But this was different for the origin ability shield software. When Su Hao opened it, his forehead was immediately filled with black lines.

“Hello, welcome and thank you for using our origin ability shield software. Due to the hardware limitations of the natural selection class’s communication device, the effectiveness of the software won’t be very strong, It cannot completely shield and the shield for any origin ability that is at liberty. This software’s only use is to effectively display half of the user’s origin ability points, we seek your understanding.- Tian Jiao Society.”

Tian Jiao Society...

It was not the first time that he had seen this name.

Previously, the school’s widely circulated 2/8 principle originated from Tian Jiao Society. Later, he made a special investigation into it and found out that the so-called Tian Jiao Society was formed by elites who were top in various areas. It did not matter how strong your abilities were; if you wished to enter the Tian Jiao Society, the requirement was to be number one in a field!

Yi Tianqing, the repeater’s number two. He had a powerful ability that was only second to Fang Lin!

This type of person, wasn’t he strong enough?

But he was also not qualified to enter into Tian Jiao Society!

Because he wasn’t the number one!

The so called 2/8 principle originated from an analysis master from the Tian Jiao Society. After going through countless analyses, he obtained the most accurate facts. And this software was unquestionably completed by the Tian Jiao Society’s top IT talents, programmers, or software engineers.

This Tian Jiao Society did not have any ordinary people.

After using this origin ability shield software for a while, Su Hao generally was quite satisfied.

His origin ability of 16.1 points, if half of it was displayed, it would then appear to be... 8.05 origin ability points?

This meant that when others used the origin ability assessment software on Su Hao, they would only see an origin ability of 8.05 points.

Such a range was suitable for a virtual model builder.

The first problem was solved!

As the problem of origin ability had been solved, Su Hao had officially become an ordinary virtual model architect, a non-combatant personnel.

“It is time to prepare some stuff.”

Su Hao began to prepare the other things he needed and quickly became busy.

As a bookworm, Su Hao loved to ponder about problems from many angles. Previously, during the century old wine task, many unexpected events had happened. However, the things he prepared were usable during the task. They were why he finally managed to complete the task.

But since he was going to such a dangerous place this time, he naturally needed a lot of preparation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0216 Crisis! Identity Exposed!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0216 Crisis! Identity Exposed!

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

Origin ability recovery potions, body recovery potions, and all sort of medicines for treatment, recovery, and poison; Su Hao prepared them all. In the end, he even went to collect some herbs and went to his master’s place to create the big one, an origin ability liquid bomb!

Besides that, he also went to do some research to understand more about this camouflage artifact. Since his trip to the ruins was to guide the others in exploring the ruins to obtain the camouflage artifact, it would be better for him to familiarize with the area. Or else, he might not even realize he had been cheated.

The origin of camouflage artifacts... type of camouflage artifacts... the usage of camouflage artifacts... there was too much information regarding camouflage artifacts. When Su Hao found out something new about them, he would record them down in his communication device so he could review them anytime when needed.

“Let’s see if there is anything else I have to bring.”

Su Hao had a look around the pharmacy. The irritating Zhang Zhongtian started to curse out loud, “You brat, every time you did a task, you come here and rob me. Plus, your identity this time is as a virtual model builder. What’re you going to do with this origin ability liquid bomb? Try to bomb the ruins?!”

“Hehe.” Su Hao scratched his head, “Just in case. After all, those people are too dangerous.”

“Dangerous your ass! From what I see, you’re the most dangerous one!” Zhang Zhongtian coldly grumped. His comparison was right. Compared to those specialized variant espers, Su Hao, who would be wearing a harmless mask, was able to easily grasp the terrain of the ruins, was showing more effectiveness in combat, and now coupled with an origin ability liquid bomb; it seemed that he was the most dangerous one!

As to that point, Su Hao naturally wouldn’t admit it.

Jianghe City, the Sun family...

Sun Batian was sitting in front of a desk, and gently tapped on the wood with his right hand. That simple and boring sound made people feel an enormous amount of pressure. Opposite Sun Batian was an old man, Sun family’s Housekeeper Zhang. That time, it was him who led Green Snake, and he was also the most trustworthy man under Sun Batian.

“Did the deputy mayor really say so?”

“Yes,” Housekeeper Zhang respectfully replied. “The deputy mayor knew that we have unfinished business with man in white. That was why he gave us this private news. From his words, it seemed that deputy mayor was somehow afraid.”

“Interesting.” A cold trace could be seen in Sun Batian’s eyes, “This guy is going for a full round of the circle. Wasn’t this all because of money? Finally able to clear off his hand, the man in white then made his move. Sure enough, that man in white is still alive! For someone who could shake the whole of Jianghe City, how could he easily die under the hand of a specialized variant esper?”

“After receiving the call from the deputy mayor, I immediately conducted investigations on all the people present on that day. Originally, I just wanted to see whether the deputy mayor was telling the truth, but I found out something interesting.” Housekeeper Zhang opened a virtual screen and with a flick from his right hand, he moved the screen to the front of Sun Batian.

“See here, this is the weird part of the first appearance of man in white.”

“Oh?”

Sun Batian then looked at the virtual screen with interest. With just a glance, his eyes flashed a hint of light. This data...

Above the virtual screen, impressively, among the data of people entering and leaving Jianghe City, surprisingly one of them was Su Hao.

Su Hao only had a record of entering the city, but not exiting!

“According to the description from young master, in Golden Nightclub, he himself didn’t know how he managed to get out from the city,” Housekeeper Zhang said cautiously.

“This can’t explain things.” Sun Batian’s expression was indifferent. There was doubt. But it was just doubt. According to the description from his son, the man in white was a specialized variant esper. How could it be Su Hao?! Thus, this little doubt was not enough for him to suspect Su Hao. But for Housekeeper Zhang to show him this, perhaps...

“Continue!” Sun Batian coldly said.

“This was the first appearance of man in white.” Housekeeper Zhang flicked on the screen and more data appeared.

“This was Chen Yiran’s coming of age ceremony. Su Hao was also present. But when man in white appeared, he disappeared. If it was just this, then it should still be fine, but when the man in white appeared, we managed to detect a communication between Su Hao and Chen Yiran,” Housekeeper Zhang slowly said.

Because of the special relationship between Chen Yiran and Su Hao, the Sun family was very strict in observing their communication. Even if the Sun family didn’t have the ability to block or intercept the communications, it would still be easy for the Sun family to know if they had been in contact with one another.

“This still can’t prove anything,” Sun Batian faintly said.

Perhaps it was just because Su Hao couldn’t hold on anymore, and decided to contact Chen Yiran. The Sun family didn’t have any relationship with the Chen family anymore. It wouldn’t be easy to act against Su Hao, not forgetting Su Hao’s background. If Su Hao was in any trouble, the Sun family would have to bear quite the consequences. Although the Sun family was never afraid of anything, to do so for a weak reason, that seemed to be unworthy!

“Yes.”

The housekeeper wasn’t shocked at this. The chairman had always been like this. Easily dismissing ants, but for true opponents, he would be extremely cautious! But this time... sighing, Housekeeper Zhang flicked again and a picture appeared.

“This was the third time man in white appeared.”

“This was during the deputy mayor’s villa model tender. After investigating, the appearance of the man in white that day disrupted the plans of the deputy mayor. The winner changed from Wind and Forest studio to From the Star studio. And what was interesting was there was a new member in From the Star studio, Su Hao!”

“These hints were hard to catch and find because we never put our target on Su Hao. But when I considered the enemy as Su Hao, everything was so clear that all doubts were solved!”

Housekeeper Zhang then brought up a statistical data screen.

“This is...” Sun Batian suddenly stood up.

Peng!

Peng!

Peng!

A terrifying aura broke out from Sun Batian’s body. The glass items surrounding him eventually shattered into pieces from the force of the aura. Even the windows were shattered too. The whole hall became empty with glasses splattering around. It was a total mess, as if a fierce battle just happened!

Sun Batian coldly stared at the data on the virtual screen.

Three times the man in white appeared...

Three times Su Hao disappeared...

Three times Su Hao made his move...

The result of statistical data analysis...

...

This era was a little different.

Or to be precise, there was a huge difference. In addition to combat-oriented origin ability talents, there were still some strange origin ability talents too. Although they were not necessary strong in combat, they were still useful in other fields like music, architecture, IT, literature, etc...

Among them, there was one named statistical probability!

Probability was one of the mathematics branches which was used to study the quantitative law of unexpected phenomena. On one hand, it had its own unique concept and technique, but on the other hand, it was closely related to other mathematics branches. Probability was widely used in almost all areas of science and technology. For example, weather forecasting, earthquake forecasting, product sampling surveys, police investigations, and other departments.

And this time, Housekeeper Zhang requested an analysis of probability based on the data he had and a result was obtained.

Man in white, ninety percent likely to be Su Hao.

All other unexpected probabilities added up to the remaining ten percent.

A coincidence could be said as something being possible. Two times could still be possible. But when three or four times matched up, it was no longer some coincidence. Although he didn’t know what kind of method Su Hao used or any ability which he hid from everyone, this time, there was no doubt all the clues were pointing at Su Hao.

“Su Hao!” Sun Batian’s eyes flashed coldly, “Indeed worthy to be one who I have my eyes on. I have always noticed his talent seemed to be much stronger than Yaotian. Never would I have thought he would give me more surprises. This was something beyond my expectations. Unfortunately, he isn’t one from my Sun family.”

Housekeeper Zhang kept his silence.

When he obtained the data, he was shocked,too. Who would have thought this seemingly weak high school student had such a terrifying heart and strength! If he was to slowly develop and they waited for him to breakthrough into a specialized variant esper, he might get rid of the Sun family!

Su Hao was too dangerous!

More importantly, it was the impacts brought by the man in white. His first appearance made the Sun family suffer a heavy loss. At first, they thought it was just an accident, but now it seemed that Su Hao was purposely aiming for such a result. The second appearance shook the whole of Jianghe City. Besides rescuing Chen Yiran, at the same time he gained a huge amount of fame.

This point was clearly seen from how the deputy mayor reacted.

Nobody knew who the man in white was! It was only the second time man in white appeared and everyone was already in fear. What about later then? Perhaps even a word would be enough to make the Sun family become public enemy number one. This was too scary.

“If I let him grow anymore, I’m afraid he won’t even hesitate to destroy my Sun family.” Sun Batian coldly smiled, “Such good calculations. If he was even more cautious, I’m afraid nobody would be able to suppress him in the future. Too bad... he was still immature.”

Housekeeper Zhang’s eyes lit up. He understood the meaning of the words.

“Now, everyone thought that the man in white was dead, right?” Sun Batian sneered, “If so, then let him die thoroughly.”

“Yes!” Housekeeper Zhang then quietly retreated.

“Hold on...” Sun Batian suddenly stopped him. “Let Team A act. Su Hao’s strength wasn’t strong, but his ability is too weird. If he is allowed to hide in darkness, then that would bring quite a trouble. Bring Team A and make sure to kill him at once.”

Team A!

Housekeeper Zhang was stunned. That was the Sun family’s hidden strength, well equipped and terrifyingly strong. The most important fact was the leader of Team A was a specialized variant esper.

To deal with Su Hao, even a specialized variant esper was going to be used?

It was clearly seen how ruthless was his chairman.

When he made a move, he would make sure he finished it at once!

This was the leader of the Sun family, Sun Batian!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0217 Mysterious Coin
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0217 Mysterious Coin

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

“Bro, wake up!”

Dong! Dong! Dong!

Early in the morning, Su Hao, who was enjoying his sleep, felt the ground slightly shaking. Then a series of footstep could be heard, followed by a heavy figure sitting on him. Helplessly opening his eyes, Su Hao saw Su Ling sitting on him while trying to play with his nose with some of her hair. Black lines appeared on his forehead.

“Brat, get up faster.”

“Wow!” Noticing her brother had already woken up, Su Ling suddenly stuck out her tongue and quickly came down. “I am just here to wake you up, not to tickle you.”

Su Hao rolled his eyes and got up.

“Bro, breakfast is ready. After you finish washing yourself, go eat!” Su Ling sweetly said.

Su Hao rubbed her head, “You brat. Alright, I won’t blame you. Now, go out.”

“En.” Su Ling quickly ran out. Su Hao laughed involuntarily.

According to the information he had found, this ruin exploration had happened in many other places. This wasn’t something which could be completed within a few days. The previous century old wine task, he had to spend ten days to complete. Under normal circumstances, it could be as quick as two weeks or as long as a month or two!

Especially since these ruins were a little special.

The difficulty was much higher than previous explorations. Otherwise, why would so many architects be needed?

Based on Su Hao’s research, this time his main task was to find hidden origin ability whirlpools so that specialized variant espers would be able to get rid of them. If such horrifying energies were to burst inside the ruins, they would likely cause a series of explosions with serious consequences.

The situation in the ruins was not clear, and the time taken to explore inside would be longer. Thus, these few days before leaving, he had been spending quality time with his family. Even his mum’s smile was becoming more obvious. In this world, regardless of his success or failure, the one who wanted to see him the most would be his mum!

After dinner, Su Hao continued to teach his sister fighting techniques.

“Ha!”

“Heh!”

Looking at Su Ling hitting the sandbag, Su Hao smiled indifferently. Fighting technique...

After the last practice session, he had already achieved max points in this. Unfortunately, so far, he hadn’t touched the so-called legendary martial art moves. Taekwondo, karate, et cetera... They were all on the same level as fighting techniques. No matter how profound your mastery, once you mastered fighting techniques, everything was covered!

To some extent, fighting techniques were more like the foundation and essence of all sort of martial art moves.

“Bro, help me train!”

Su Ling smiled. Without even waiting for Su Hao to reply, she immediately attacked him. Su Hao bitterly smiled and started to carefully counterattack.

Peng!

Peng!

Peng!

The series of hand-to-hand contacts echoed within the room. Su Ling’s moves were quick and fierce, which caused Su Hao to keep retreating. Fortunately, Su Hao who had mastered and integrated all fighting techniques, coupled with the integration of fighting essence, naturally wasn’t in any bad spot. Half an hour later, Su Ling was finally defeated.

“Bro, I managed to hold on for half an hour. I am so strong, right?”

Su Ling wiped off the sweat on her forehead, feeling proud of herself. With her chest erect, her breasts which just developed recently were revealed from her training clothes like two hares. What level her brother was at, she herself knew very well. He had max points in fighting techniques! To be able to last half an hour against her brother showed that she was already amazing!

“Of course. You’re my sister after all.”

Su Hao coughed for a second. His heart was really helpless.

This time, he finally realized the feeling felt by Chen Yiran and Chen Yifeng at that time.

He felt it was too hard to be harsh on his own sister.

If he acted too much, he was afraid he’d injure his sister. If he didn’t use all his ability, he would be suppressed. His fighting techniques, he could only use up to what his sister mastered. As someone who had mastered the military fighting technique and achieved integration of all techniques, he would always subconsciously use those moves. Then when he realized the situation wasn’t right, he quickly pulled his punches.

At that moment, Su Ling would then seize the opportunity and launch a counterattack! If it was not because of his fighting technique being higher than his sister, perhaps he might even lose face. Even so, that half an hour fight did drench his whole body in sweat. It was even more tiring than when he confronted Green Snake!

“Pu~”

Looking at Su Hao’s expression, Su Ling instantly laughed and ran over to hug Su Hao’s arm, “Well, bro. Alright, I know you’re being easy on me.”

“You!”

Su Hao subconsciously wanted to rub Su Ling’s head when his arm twitched as if something had caught him.

Looking down, he then found out his sister’s small chest was just starting to develop. Tightly clinging to his arm, due to having finished training just now, her body was still wet with sweat. From his angle, he could clearly see...

Damn!

Su Hao wiped off his sweat.

Su Ling looked strangely at her brother. Su Hao coughed for a moment and quickly pulled his arm away. He then reminded her with his eyes open wide while pointing at her head, “Brat, don’t cling so close to me. You’re not young anymore. Please be more careful next time.”

“Hate you!” With some dissatisfaction, Su Ling hit Su Hao’s hand away, “Hmmphh, bad bro. Trying to discard me now.”

Being ignored by Su Hao in such a way, this little girl was somehow unhappy. Her little feet hit the floor a few times and then she directly clung on to Su Hao. That thin training suit of hers stuck on to Su Hao’s body and then rubbed against him a few times, “Well, you are smelly too. Stop being such a cheapskate!”

Damn!

Su Hao was dumbfounded.

If it was Chen Yiran, he would have definitely enjoyed it. But, facing the mischievous sister of his, he could only bitterly smile and feel awkward.

Looking at the expression of her brother, Su Ling then proudly said, “Smelly bro, it has not reached your turn to ignore me. I am, after all, the flower of year two! A lot of boys from other classes came over to our class after school just to catch a glimpse of me. But of course, I ignore them.”

School flower?

Su Hao frowned.

When he had a clear look at his sister again, he had a burst of emotion...

Yea...

Unconsciously, his sister was now in her second year of high school. Unknowingly, this girl who didn’t even know how to wipe her tears and mucus had grown up.

Male students... peeping females... falling in love...

Su Hao had always thought it was only exclusive to his year. Never had he thought that this sister in front of his eyes, in fact, was only a year younger than him. Suddenly, he felt that he had not been concerned with his sister’s private life since he had always seen her as a child.

This little brat, he didn’t even know if she was falling in love or not.

“Heh.”

Su Hao shook his head and rubbed her head, “Alright, my beautiful sister, be honest with me. Is there anyone who caught your attention among the male students?”

“Who caught-!” Su Ling’s face blushed, “I won’t be involved in any puppy love.”

“Is it true or not?” Su Hao smiled sinisterly, “Is it you haven’t found, or nobody likes you?”

“Heng.” Su Ling disdainfully said, “I won’t be like you, falling in love in high school. The principal has already said in the school, only a few can match me. I can slowly search for one in the future. To be able to marry me, he must be the best hero on earth!”

“Oh? Then what are your requirements?” Su Hao frowned. This old fart of a principal, what the heck did he teach his sister? What’s with this nonsense that only a few men in the school could match her? Although he also thought so, still words shouldn’t be said this way. After all, when the feeling came, nothing could block it.

“En...” Su Ling carefully counted with her fingers, “More handsome than brother, stronger than brother, richer than brother, more famous than brother, better attitude than brother... hmmm, these five should be enough.”

Su Hao was dumbfounded and said in an irritated tone, “Brat, if you want to find a man with such standards, then you won’t get married in the future!”

“Heng, if I can’t get married, I will come and find bro to calculate!” Su Ling continued, “At that time, I will let bro raise me!”

“You!” Su Hao then rubbed her head, “Alright, if you can’t marry I will raise you!”

“En.” Su Ling replied and then opened her arms wide to hug Su Hao again for a bit. Then smelling a bit with her nose, she then energetically ran out, “Bro, I will go take a bath first. Later, you also go for a shower. Your whole body is full of sweat, so stinky!”

“This brat, abandoning me after finishing hugging.” Su Hao laughed involuntarily. He was about to say something, but then suddenly felt his wrist start. A message popped out from the virtual screen. Taking a glance at it, his mind went on alert.

Finally, it was here!

Jianghe City, one of the big hotels...

In a luxurious presidential suite, a young man leaned comfortably on a couch seat while throwing the seemingly ordinary coin in his right hand without it actually leaving the range of his right hand.

“Kacha~”

As the door opened, a grim middle-aged man walked inside. With a decent suit and dignified face, he seemed intimidating. However, at this moment, the middle-aged man respectfully bowed, “Brother Chen, I’m here.”

“En.” The young man called Brother Chen nodded slightly. He didn’t even turn around. As the coin on top of his thumb was flicked into the air, he deftly caught it. “Let’s go. Let the deliveryman take a trip. All these brokers, didn’t they want= to enter Jianghe City’s market? I will give them the opportunity.”

“Yes, Brother Chen,” the middle-aged man respectfully said, and then quietly retreated.

However, before leaving, he still had a lingering fear as he looked at the coin held by Brother Chen. Because he knew that the one seemingly ordinary coin in the hands of Brother Chen could produce a horrifying impact! With a coin, nobody could withstand it!

“Pa!”

The door closed as if it had never opened before.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0218 Counter-Analysis
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0218 Counter-Analysis

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Nora

“Su Hao, tomorrow morning 8 a.m., prepare to depart - Lin Yue.”

Here it comes!

Looking at the information on the virtual screen, Su Hao got a shock.

He did not expect it to be so quick. In just two day’s time, everything was settled! His own identity verification and the confirmation from the other party. It looked like Lin Yue’s capabilities were extremely outstanding.

“Tomorrow... it looks like today is the last day.”

Su Hao looked outside and immediately shouted towards his sister, “Little girl, tonight, your brother will let you have a feast!”

“I know, when mom returns let’s go together,” Su Ling replied, accompanied by noises from the bathroom.

Since the time was set, the remaining matters could be easily accomplished.

The matters that needed preparation had already been appropriately handled beforehand. He had finished adjusting his mental state. All he needed to do today was his final preparation, spending time with his family.

During the day, Su Hao went through the information regarding camouflage artifacts once.

It soon became night time as they waited for their mother to return from work.

Su Hao brought this family of three toward the city center.

At that time, the night was already dark.

As it was about to enter the winter season, it went dark especially early.

The whole Jianghe City had become a bustling night place.

In the city center, the area in front of the five star Jianghe restaurant was filled with people. As Jianghe City’s best restaurant, business here was naturally incomparably flourishing.

The Su family wholeheartedly had their meal. The brother and sister pair would sometimes argue among themselves. Li Xiaoru always doted on the two children and gave the dishes to them. The atmosphere here was filled with warmth.

However, Su Hao’s heart inexplicably jumped. A strange feeling went to his head.

Agitation!

Palpitation!

Su Hao frowned. What was happening?

Did a problem appear during training?

That was not right. He had not trained for these two days!

This feeling...

It was like....

Su Hao’s heart shook and he suddenly remembered something.

During his high school years, he had stumbled upon knowledge regarding hunting.

Among them, naturally they included psychology and mystery.

The human body was a mysterious area. Scientists once confirmed that when danger arrived or when something was going to happen to a family member, some people who had high sensitivity would become agitated or uncomfortable without any signs. However, some would subconsciously neglect these things, some who were normally used to agitation would not even bother about it.

But for Su Hao, he normally would not even display such emotions!

This was because his heart had no distractions!

During battle, even when he faced Sun Yaotian, he would never retreat!

He would not hesitate to fight because he had mastered his thoughts!

A heart would become agitated because it held some darkness. He needed to vent it out, he certainly must not let himself worry his family members! For such a feeling to emerge at this time, Su Hao finally reacted after pondering for some time.

Danger!

This came from a natural indicator that gave him an advance danger warning!

Because of his mastery over analysis type ability, his senses were abnormally sharp. After obtaining full points for physical fitness, such feelings were even sharper. At this moment, it looked like what increased was not merely the five senses but also his sixth senses.

Somebody was going to attack him!

“Brother, what happened?” Su Ling grabbed Su Hao’s hand and curiously asked.

“Nothing.”

Su Hao shook his head. “Little sister, you accompany mom and eat first, I want to go to the washroom.”

“Yes, got it.” Su Ling waved her hand as she grabbed a huge crab and enthusiastically ate it.

Su Hao smiled and walked to the restaurant toilet. As he saw that there was no one around him, he lightly said, “Brat.”

“Hm?” A sweet voice came to his ear as a blue shadow flashed. The blue dream butterfly suddenly appeared in front of Su Hao while looking dazed. “Anything?”

A few black lines emerged out of Su Hao’s forehead. “How long have you been sleeping? Why are you still always so dazed.”

“I don’t know.” The blue dream butterfly swayed her head and threw around her curvy appealing figure before she shortly sat on Su Hao’s shoulder. “Ever since I became a blue dream butterfly, I love to sleep. What’s more, during sleeping time, my abilities will also slowly increase temporarily. Anyway, it’s different from humans.”

“Oh.” Su Hao nodded. As he looked outside, his face was slightly concerned. “Today, I am accompanying my family for dinner, but I keep feeling that something is not right. You help me look around and see if there are any ambushes outside.”

“Okay!” The blue dream butterfly saw Su Hao’s concerned expression and earnestly nodded.

“Shua!”

A blue shadow flashed and the blue dream butterfly’s figure disappeared.

In a moment, the blue dream butterfly silently appeared, her face was slightly pale. “I didn’t see anything dangerous, as if it were all normal people, but in a car outside the restaurant, there was a person. When I took a look at him, I was almost caught!”

“Oh? What kind of ability was that?” Su Hao shivered. This blue dream butterfly’s trail, even he could not catch it. How was it possible for her to be almost caught?

“I can’t tell!” The blue dream butterfly shook her head. “It was a strange feeling, the aura coming from his body was different from others, the type that is very strong.”

A cold light flashed in Su Hao’s eyes and his mind speedily analyzed.

Could almost catch blue dream butterfly...

Unusual aura...

Someone who was stronger than the blue dream butterfly...

“It’s very possible that it’s a specialized variant esper!”

Su Hao came to this conclusion. Since the car was outside the restaurant, this meant that he was not anyone from Jianghe Hotel. Of course, this was the best hotel in the city. Naturally, there would be bodyguards around.

Su Hao had this thought as his right hand gently touched the ground.

Model analysis, start!

Life detection!

Shua!

A blue ray of light flashed. The surrounding scenes and lights disappeared from his mind. But at this moment, the bright light from the blue dream butterfly flashed and suddenly enveloped Su Hao and herself!

“Hong!”

Su Hao felt a powerful danger lock onto himself before it vanished very quickly.

“Weng-”

As the light vanished, the blue dream butterfly seemed to sigh. “That person is very scary. When you were using your ability, he seemed to have felt something and looked in this direction.”

“Thank you!” Su Hao panicked.

The energy fluctuation during life detection was very low. Despite that, the opponent was still able to detect it instantly. If earlier Su Hao did not dare to confirm it, then now, it was 100% certain. This person was definitely a specialized variant esper!

He analyzed the results of his life detection for a while.

Surrounding the restaurant, there were a countless number of flashing light dots, but there was something strange. Some light dots spread at the restaurant’s outer area at a perfect distance with their position concealed. If the distance of each connecting dot was calculated, and the specialized variant esper was included, the whole restaurant would be completely sealed.

No matter who left from which exit, the opponent would know!

This person was definitely not a bodyguard!

He was here to intercept and kill! With such a method, it was not possible for it to be a killer from a killing organization, no matter which organization. Moreover, no one had seen a team of more than ten assassins sent to kill just one person. And if it was cultivated by certain forces... in the whole Jianghe City, only the four giants should be able to do so.

Members of the Sun family?

Based on the clues in his hands, Su Hao quickly deduced the one who made this move. The possibility of the Sun family was above 80%! The remaining three families added up were only 20%. However, he did not understand why the Sun family would attack him! With his current status, as the disciple of a master pharmacist and with his relationship with Master Feng, it was not possible for the Sun family to not be fearful!

For what reason did the Sun family attack him without fear for themselves?

Sworn enemy!

A sworn enemy that could not be reconciled with!

But the grudge between the Sun family and himself seemed to be only related to Chen Yiran. Since Chen Yiran’s matter had been resolved, there was certainly nothing left for the Sun family. Why would they put so much effort into something that was not ideal for themselves? As he thought more about this, did not seem all that plausible. Could it be that the remaining three giants were attacking him? Chen Haonian’s doing?

Wait...

Su Hao suddenly had a shock. The grudge between the Sun family and himself was not naturally that huge. That grudge would not cause the Sun family to be so reckless, but if it was another identity...

Man in white!

In their first engagement, the Sun family had lost several billions! If not for Sun Batian’s quick reaction, their status as a giant would have been crushed at that moment. This grudge was too deep. More importantly, with Sun Batian’s character, if he found out that Su Hao himself was the man in white...

Thinking for a moment, Su Hao then got the answer he wanted.

The Sun family had found out his identity and decided to attack him!

If Sun Batian was here, he would be in for another horrifying shock. With countless clues in the hands of the Sun family, it was very possible them to deduce that the man in white was Su Hao through analysis. But here, Su Hao had his ability and the nature of the ambusher. With just this, he was able to counter analyze and find out who the attacker was and the reason for the attack!

The number one key element of environmental psychology was to know how to fully use everything in the surroundings.

“If it is like so...” Su Hao’s eyes flashed. As he recalled the times they clashed, although he was very cautious, he was still immature after all and there would always be some imperfections. In this era of origin ability, nothing was perfect. If everything was linked by one with resolution, it was not impossible that his identity might be exposed.

Was it through the tender that he exposed his identity?

No, definitely not!

In his three appearances, the tender instead was the safest!

But this probability was quite interesting. For example, the probability of being exposed during his first appearance was 10%, the probability during the second appearance was 20%, but the probability of being exposed in the third appearance was only 5%. However, when all three clashes were added together, then the calculation of the probabilities would not be so simple.

When you often walked by the river, how could your shoes not get wet?

As long as he made a move as the identity of the man in white, there would be a chance of being exposed by others. It had nothing to do with probability. The more often he made his move, the bigger the chances of him being exposed! Through the many subtle clues, when somebody added everything together, his identity would eventually be revealed one day!

Fortunately, on this day, he already had made preparations.

Since he had appeared as the man in white, he had thought of the possibility being exposed and had made a series of countermeasures. These measures included actions for the worst case scenario!

“Brat, your identity is exposed, if the situation is too dangerous, execute plan E!” Su Hao leisurely said. His expression was slightly cold.

Sitting on Su Hao’s shoulders as she swung her pair of snow white legs, the blue dream butterfly suddenly had a shock and her pair of beautiful eyes enlarged.

“Plan E?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0219 Massacre!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0219 Massacre!

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

Grade E actually didn’t had any special meaning.

It was just one of the responses Su Hao made when he faced an issue. From plan A to plan E, a total of 5 plans. Among them, plan A was the best while plan E was the worst.

Plan A was to confront the Sun family head on if his identity was exposed!

Finding ways to use the advantages which he currently had in his hand; Pharmacist Association, Pianist Association, killer organisation, the identity of man in white, and even Architectural Association, and aid from Chen family to start a war with the Sun family! Although he had little influence, in many ways, he was absolutely not weaker than the Sun family!

It was just that he did not expect Sun Batian to make such a decisive move to eliminate him after knowing his true identity. In some ways, Su Hao and Sun Batian were somewhat similar.

Once they made a move, there would be no mercy.

The so-called plan E was during the most critical and dangerous moment. He would ask blue dream butterfly to take his mum and sister away to Zhang Zhongtian so that he could protect them both. Then, Su Hao would think of all sort of methods to make the Sun family disappear.

As long as he wanted to, he would be able to do so!

In order to protect his family, he was willing to pay all costs!

Even if he had to become a wanted criminal, roaming all over the world!

Of course, the current situation had not escalated to such a step yet. Su Hao would of course try his best not to let the situation develop to such a scale. After all, Jianghe City was the place containing most of his dreams and concerns.

“They don’t dare to make a move in the hotel.” Su Hao faintly said, “If I’m unable to handle this, you must contact master!”

“En.” The blue dream butterfly knew that the situation was very serious.

“Little brat, now go for a trip,” Su Hao said in a soft tone to blue dream butterfly.

“Alright!” The blue dream butterfly nodded a bit before her figure flashed, disappearing.

Su Hao returned back to the table to accompany his family members to eat. Occasionally he would glance outside and smirk. These people didn’t dare to make a move right now.

This was the best hotel in Jianghe City. Everything here was top notch. The security system was naturally one of the best. After all, this was the main industry of the Zhou family. If a killer was to casually enter, the Zhou family didn’t even have to involve themselves in this. Even a specialized variant esper wouldn’t wish to face the hotel’s security system. Not to forget, the private bodyguards!

They are waiting for us to finish the meal...

Su Hao smiled indifferently and wasn’t even bother by it a bit as he continued accompanying his family.

Ten plus minutes later, a touch of blue light flashed by in front. Su Hao’s mind went alert. He rubbed his somewhat full stomach, “Hur, my stomach isn’t looking good. I’m going to the toilet again.”

“You, I guess you’re used to light meals, and these food might be too oily for you.”

Li Xiaoru said in a distressed tone, “Next time, you must eat less oily food. Go.”

“En.”

Su Hao left the hall uncomfortably and once again entered the bathroom. That mini figure of blue dream butterfly was surprisingly carrying a backpack which was several times bigger than her, hovering in mid air. Impressively, it was the backpack which Su Hao prepared beforehand for his later exploration in the ruins.

Skillfully preparing all the weapon inside, Su Hao then looked at the shadow figures outside with his eyes full of killing intent. There wouldn’t be a problem if the enemy made a move on him personally. But to wait for his family too, it was clearly a plan to exterminate the weeds to their very root. In that case, don’t blame him for being ruthless!

Around Jianghe Hotel, tens of meters away, a middle aged man was lying in the grass, closely watching everything in the hotel. Anyone who came out this way wouldn’t be able to escape the analysis of his eye scanner.

“People found...scanning...target not matching...end of scan.”

Another figure passed. It wasn’t the target he wanted.

The middle aged man didn’t change his expression. For this mission, he wasn’t worried a single bit. The reason why he was here was to prevent Su Hao from escaping. This time, the one who would step up and make his move was their captain! With their captain’s strength, to deal with someone like Su Hao, wasn’t it an easy job?

Man in white?

So what if it was man in white?

According to the investigation, the first time the man in white made his move and managed to kill a specialized variant esper, wasn’t it all because of an origin ability liquid bomb? The man in white didn’t have the strength of a specialized variant esper. Otherwise, when he faced Chou Yan, he wouldn’t have risked his life by jumping off the building. His true strength hadn’t been determined, but he should be somewhere in basic variant esper.

“This family is taking such a long time to eat. Did they never come here before?” The middle aged man sneered, “It’s true, let’s consider this your last meal. Hehe... Although the rules do say we’re not allowed to make a move on family, that girl called Su Ling is ripe enough and that Li Xiaoru is still full of flavor, hehe... Perhaps after Su Hao dies, maybe I could...”

“Xiu!”

The middle aged man who was dreaming suddenly felt a burst of cold air passing by his ears. Without enough time to respond, he saw a small arrow shot at him and subconsciously used his wrist to block. A strong force directly stabbed into his wrist, but it only managed to enter 1 cm and no deeper.

As a member of Team A, they were all well equipped. These seemingly ordinary clothes, if they were attacked, would reduce the force by 30 percent! It was a significant increment of combat effectiveness!

“Courting death!”

The middle aged man was furious. Pulling out the arrow, he suddenly felt weak all over his body. As his sight turned dark, he fell to the ground. At the very last moment, an idea popped out in his mind, poisoned?!

“Putong~”

The middle aged man fell to the ground.

A figure flashed as Su Hao quietly appeared. Blue dream butterfly gracefully sat on Su Hao’s shoulder as she enjoyed watching Su Hao making his move, while ready to hide his figure.

Su Hao checked the situation of this middle aged man for a second and frowned. “Even after receiving the shot, he could still react for 2 seconds. It seems that these guys have taken an anti toxin before, making their poison resistance very high. However, in front of master’s toxin, only death will be awaiting them! But to be able to move means that the dosage wasn’t enough. I will add more.”

“Kacha!”

Su Hao reassembled the small crossbow and the arrows filled with advanced toxin. Then, he took out a small bottle and put a drop of the liquid within on the middle aged man.

“Chi~”

A bizarre sound could be heard and the face of the middle aged man began to twitch.

Although he was still fainting, he showed a face in terrible pain. It was as if he was experiencing the most terrible nightmare ever. Then his body gradually disappeared. After a moment, the spot of the man was empty. Everything disappeared!

What remained was just some ordinary water stains which were slowly evaporating.

After a moment, there wouldn’t be a single trace left.

The originally curious blue dream butterfly now turned pale. She at first thought that Su Hao had poisoned the enemy to death. However, when the middle aged man showed changes in his face, she realized this man wasn’t dead yet. He had just fainted. What was more shocking was the drug which Su Hao used.

Corpse decomposing water!

He actually used corpse decomposing water on a live human!

Although he had already fainted, from the expression of the middle aged man, it clearly showed that his mind was still awake. This kind of pain degree, watching your body slowly decomposing, that was something unimaginable!

Thinking of this, blue dream butterfly’s expression towards Su Hao changed.

Su Hao looked at her and didn’t explain anything but softly said, “I never said I’m a good guy. Dare to make a move on my family, then be prepared for the consequences. Trying to make my family suffer, I will return a hundredfold back to them at all costs!”

Looking at the domineering aura of Su Hao, inexplicably, blue dream butterfly’s eyes revealed a bizarre look.

Shua!

A faint blue light flashed. The blue dream butterfly once again sat on his shoulder and with a flash, they disappeared without any trace. Apparently, they were now invisible.

Su Hao’s mouth revealed a smile, he then whispered, “Thanks!”

Sou!

As his figure flashed, Su Hao once again disappeared into the darkness.

Behind Jianghe Hotel, there was a relatively small back door. As the watchers on the back door, they naturally needed to be more alert. That was why two members were placed here. With one each on the left and right, the back door was completely blocked.

Both of them were lying within the grass a distance away.

As the weather was cold, the ground was cold, too. However, both of them didn’t show any change in expression. As an elite cultivated by the Sun family, they had long ago trained and had experienced all sort of conditions. This freezing cold temperature was just a drizzle for them.

As the scanner kept scanning the range of ten meters from the back door, countless data appeared within the virtual screen. The scanner constantly tried to confirm any human who passed there. However, at this moment, a light sound could be heard and the one lying in the grass to the left was suddenly stunned.

“Xiu!”

He only saw a shadow pass by. Without having enough time to react, he already saw his teammate not far away lying softly on the ground without any sound.

Damn!

Sneak attack!

Such ideas flashed through the man and he immediately took out his communication device. As long as he pressed on it, the captain would immediately rush over. However, when his right hand was about to press, a faint blue light flashed.

Under the horrified gaze of this man, he saw a little girl with wings holding a slightly smaller size syringe than her body appearing in front of his communication device. When he pressed, too bad he pressed on the syringe.

“Ci...”

The syringe poked his hand. He didn’t have the time to scream, he already felt his vision going dark and he turned weak, falling to the ground. Before he fell to the ground, he saw the little girl proudly holding the syringe and flying away.

He felt that his view of the world had turned crazy.

A little girl with wings?

What kind of origin ability talent was this?

Plus, it was such a small body. He had never heard of it before! A dignified member of Sun family’s Team A, falling at the hands of such a strange thing...

Unfortunately, without any chance to know the situation, carrying all his worries and unwillingness, he completely lost consciousness.

“Dida~”

Two drops of corpse decomposing water fell, causing two people to completely disappear from the world!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0220 Mysterious Card
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0220 Mysterious Card

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

“Done!”

Looking at the slightly confused blue dream butterfly who was holding onto the small syringe, Su Hao wished he could give her a hug and a kiss, he loved her so much!

If this brat didn’t help, they definitely wouldn’t be so successful.

Some of these Sun family people were outrageously powerful. Basically, those whose origin ability was above 15 points were extremely formidable. If these people gathered together, even 10 Su Haos was no match for them.

However, he could still manage against one person. Two people, if he wished to kill them without being noticed, it would be too difficult to handle. But at this moment, the blue dream butterfly had finally decided to lend a hand.

A syringe that was filled with poison and a mysterious ability to hide herself...

When she made her move, she was even more frightening than Su Hao!

Even Su Hao had some goosebumps in his heart when he saw this. What if one day he provoked this brat, could she also give him a shot of poison while he was asleep?

Blue dream butterfly turned around with some doubts. As she held a large syringe while blinking her huge eyes, such a scene was unexpectedly filled with a sense of excitement that caused Su Hao’s heart to move.

It had sprouted!

“What happened?” the blue dream butterfly weakly asked.

Su Hao shook his head and shrugged off those ridiculous thoughts, “We better hurry; the longer it takes, the more suspicious they will be.”

“Okay!” the blue dream butterfly softly replied and along with Su Hao, she disappeared into the darkness.

In the Jianghe Hotel, it was busy as usual. Nobody knew that at this moment, within the last minute, a youth had transformed into a grim reaper and wandered around the restaurant. Within the grasses or behind a huge tree, any place that the members of the Sun family were hiding, they unable to avoid his fatal blow.

Within a few minutes, 80% of the Sun family members were cleared by him!

“Ci-”

After skillfully vaporizing the enemy, Su Hao silently walked towards the target. According to the results of his model analysis, there were not many remaining members of the Sun family left.

As he quietly lurked by the northern fence outside of the restaurant and behind a big tree, Su Hao saw a black shadow fusing with the big tree. If it were not for Su Hao’s extraordinary eyesight, he probably would have overlooked it. He then specifically locked onto the target, skillfully prepared the arrow for his mini crossbow and then took a shot after aiming.

“Xiu!”

A powerful force sent the arrow flying. As it flew, it left an afterimage and shot towards the target. Unsurprisingly, the arrow directly hit the enemy, but what was unexpected was the sound of metal clashing ringing out.

“Ding-”

A crisp collision occurred and the arrow dropped onto the ground.

Su Hao was stunned. He lifted his head and looked towards a shadow that walked out from the big tree. A roughly 40-year-old middle aged man with a pair of sharp eyes glanced towards his direction. When he saw Su Hao, his expression was one of astonishment.

“Su Hao?”

The middle age man was shocked, what followed was a facial expression of ecstasy. Originally he thought that tonight it would be him doing his normal duties. Unexpectedly, he could actually meet an enemy! Without hesitation, he went to use his communication device! According to the Chairman, the one who found the target first would receive a huge reward!

“Oh no!” Su Hao’s heart skipped a beat.

This mini crossbow never missed, however, it failed against this person. If he let him spread the news, he was afraid that he would be quickly besieged.

“Attack!” Su Hao charged towards this person without hesitation!

His movement was quick, but as there was an obvious distance between him and this person, it was obviously impossible for Su Hao to charge him before he pressed the button!

“Damn it!” Su Hao cursed silently, it looked like his only option was to activate Plan E.

But at this moment, a faint blue ray of light suddenly flashed in quick succession. The surrounding scenery suddenly changed from being outside the restaurant to the outskirts of Jianghe City!

“Pa!”

The middle aged man pressed down, but there wasn’t any response.

As he looked carefully, the handheld communication device was actually being blocked!

Even Su Hao was slightly astonished, but quickly an expression of overjoy was revealed because he understood the only one who could cause this scene was the blue dream butterfly.

The blue dream butterfly’s specialization would be the so-called illusion world!

“The illusion world?” The middle aged man’s face revealed a cold expression, “Su Hao, you have hidden it so deep! No wonder no one noticed your identity as the man in white. With this illusion world, you had a very good disguise! But do you think that you could get away just by blocking the signal? Hilarious! After killing you, I, Cha Ting will still relaxingly leave!”

Cha Ting....

Su Hao finally knew the name of the man in front.

Coldly laughing, Su Hao ignored him as he raised the mini crossbow in his hand and shot Cha Ting after aiming at him again.

“Xiu!”

“Dang!”

Unsurprisingly, the arrow fell to the ground.

But this time, Su Hao saw clearly how the arrow was blocked. It was because, in an instant, Cha Ting’s right arm suddenly blocked in front of his body and a layer of metal instantly appeared. His whole arm actually turned into a golden color! Directly blocking the arrow, only a hole was formed!

I see!

Su Hao finally understood!

With his model analysis and origin ability assessment software activated, the enemy’s abilities were fully displayed before his eyes.

————————————

Name: Cha Ting

Origin ability, 18 points.

Theoretical foundation: 150 points.

Fighting techniques: 400 points.

Physical fitness: 400 points.

Ability index: 850 points.

Origin ability talent, grade B, metal transformation!

————————————

“No wonder!” A light flashed through Su Hao’s eyes.

Along the way, he had attacked a countless number of people. Although he met a few who had quick reactions, even if one could react, nothing can be done when a lethal arrow was released in an ambush. As long as there was a slight scratch on the skin, the poison would immediately enter and cause the person to be completely paralyzed.

As such, Su Hao succeeded every time.

But this time something unexpected happened. Cha Ting, who had full points in fighting techniques, physical fitness, and great reactions, wasn’t weaker than him! Adding his metal type origin ability talent, his whole body was as solid as metal. With the slightest reaction, the arrow became totally unable to penetrate through!

His skin was too thick!

For grade B metal transformation, although it was not even close to the grade A skill of elemental control, it was as solid as metal. Combined with his own killing technique, Cha Ting’s abilities were definitely extraordinarily powerful! To have an origin ability of 18 points, Su Hao had no doubts that among the people who came to attack, the person in front of him was only weaker than that specialized variant esper!

“Hong!”

Cha Ting dropped his pair of fists. Both his arms revealed an attractive metal gloss. Su Hao clasped both of his hands and crossed them before his chest to block this punch, but his whole body was actually forced to take a few steps back!

“Such power...” Su Hao said in shock and shrugged off his slightly numb arms. A maxed out physical fitness coupled with such origin ability talent was too frightening!

Do you think that only you have an origin ability talent?

Su Hao sneered.

A faint blue light flashed across his eyes. In an instant he was familiar with the surroundings, he then quickly read Cha Ting’s fighting techniques. Due to him also being completely familiar with fighting techniques, he only exhausted 10% of his origin ability! In an instant, Su Hao was familiar with Cha Ting’s fighting style.

Peng!

Peng!

Yet another 2 clashes and without hesitation Su Hao approached closely. It should have been an egg meeting a rock, but yet both of them were evenly matched. Both retreated two steps back. After another confrontation, surprisingly Cha Ting was completely suppressed by Su Hao.

“How is this possible?”

Cha Ting was slightly shocked, he should be completely dominating Su Hao! How could he turn the tide? It was clear that his fighting ability was stronger than Su Hao, but every time he attacked, he would have a strange feeling that Su Hao seemed to be familiar with his fighting style, easily executing dodges and counter-attacking!

After they clashed a few times, it actually gave him an uneasy feeling.

Too frightening!

Only God knew the cause.

As Su Hao was familiarizing his fighting style, after every attack, coupled with Su Hao’s frighteningly powerful origin ability analysis, Cha Ting didn’t have any possibility of a comeback! If there weren’t any upsets, Cha Ting would soon be defeated by Su Hao!

“Damn it! I couldn’t go on like this!” A cold light flashed in Cha Ting’s eyes. “I have underestimated you, to be able to hold Jianghe City’s mightiest in the palm of your hands, naturally you have some outstanding abilities. At first, I still thought of playing around with you. But since you couldn’t recognize my favor, then don’t blame me when I am impolite!”

“What a joke! Pointless resistance!” Su Hao sneered.

Although his face showed no expression, his mind was more cautious.

When he examined earlier, he didn’t discover anything special about Cha Ting, unless - he had some secret origin ability technique? With his model analysis activated, once again his mind scanned towards Cha Ting. This time Su Hao looked through every card in detail, but soon, he was shocked. In an inconspicuous corner, he found a special card!

This card....

“Heng!”

Cha Ting sneered. He didn’t respond and like before he charged towards Su Hao.

Both men threw a punch and missed each other.

It was at this moment, a cold light flashed across Cha Ting’s eyes, surprisingly, he didn’t continue with the military fighting technique, instead with a flick of his right shoulder, he collided with Su Hao! As the two men crossed each other, this collision seemed fierce but not many people used it.

Because it was too foolish!

This move was indeed unexpected. But colliding people relied on charging! Through leveraging could the best effect be unleashed. For a full physical fitness, such a collision, although it could knock a person away, it was totally harmless. But if the opponent turned around and attack, no one dared to know what kind of death they would face.

Cha Ting was too conceited!

Su Hao sneered. After he determined this weakness, he directly struck a punch. A collision where there was nowhere to leverage and with a fiercely erupting punch, no matter how strong metal can be, it would be enough to cripple him!

Then at this moment, a cold and successful scheming stare flashed across Cha Ting’s eyes. The seemingly clumsy figure suddenly became sturdy and charged like a wild ox, filled with limitless explosive energy! The surrounding momentum even condensed, along with this collision, it exploded together.

Charge!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0221 Ancient Martial Art Appeared!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0221 Ancient Martial Art Appeared!

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

“Mountain Crash!” Cha Ting’s eyes were flashing with surging battle intent. Saying these few words from his gritting mouth, origin ability energy surged within his body, stimulating several parts of his body as if an electric current passed through them. The whole figure of Cha Ting increased in speed, causing a huge momentum to shift his body.

“Die!” With such intimidating momentum, Cha Ting directly hit the surprised Su Hao with full force.

“Hong!”

An immense loud bang could be heard. After Cha Ting hit Su Hao, he could hear a crispy crack sound. As he was feeling proud, his face changed midway. This sound... seemed to be...

“Kacha!”

Cha Ting looked up to see the big tree in front of him that he hit, where was the figure of Su Hao?

“Not good!” Cha Ting’s face had a huge change. When he was ready to turn around and counterattack, he suddenly felt pain in his neck. When he tried to turn back, he saw Su Hao standing behind him, holding an arrow that was now protruding from his shoulder.

“You...” Without even finishing a single word, Cha Ting already felt his body weaken and he suddenly lost consciousness.

“Hu~”

Su Hao kicked Cha Ting with both feet, not feeling relieved. Only after determining that Cha Ting was unconscious, was he relieved. This time, it was simply too thrilling and dangerous. If he hadn’t felt something was wrong, perhaps right now he would be in a sorry state from that hit.

Su Hao had always been looking forward to learning the so-called legendary ancient martial arts! But he couldn’t even get a single clue on them, which made him regretful. However, this time, he saw a real ancient martial art from this guy named Cha Ting. The legends said that this was a technique which didn’t require origin ability talent to use, Mountain Crash!

Because this technique was hidden from the ability index, Su Hao almost missed it, and unimaginable consequences could’ve occurred. The moment he saw this card from Cha Ting, Su Hao already felt something was not right. Especially on top of the card, the name sounding so ancient made him feel uneasy.

Thus, he paid attention to every action of Cha Ting.

When Cha Ting took the initiative to come closer, he already felt it wouldn’t be good. Especially those words shouted by Cha Ting, they made Su Hao instantly react. Letting Cha Ting use this technique, only to evade at the most critical moment and immediately counter!

Without any hesitation, he stabbed in the arrow from behind.

One hit KO!

A sneak attack from behind, with an arrow or something else, Su Hao didn’t hesitate for a moment to use it. It was simply too handy!

“Hua~”

As Su Hao killed Cha Ting, the surrounding light flashed and returned to darkness. It was now back to the scene outside the hotel. From the sweaty face of the blue dream butterfly, it seemed that such a large-scale illusion world was a huge burden for her.

Su Hao looked at her gratefully as she flew onto his shoulder to rest.

Su Hao smiled and then changed his focus to Cha Ting.

“Ancient martial art?” Su Hao coldly glanced.

Model analysis, start!

Ability detection!

Lock on, Mountain Crash!

Shua!

The Mountain Crash card appeared in Su Hao’s mind. As Su Hao felt excited, he didn’t hesitate to read it.

“Hong!”

“Card selection complete... Mountain Crash card selected... card model analyzing... card model establishing... card model establishing...”

Light flashed and soon, the card was completed.

When the card made its debut, a new term appeared within Su Hao’s eyes!

Name: Mountain Crash

Rating: 2 stars

Description: Universal origin ability technique, can only be trained after achieving max points in physical fitness and fighting techniques. Under the stimulation effect of origin ability energy within the body, an instant powerful force will be generated, instantly destroying the opponent!

“Universal origin ability technique!” Su Hao was moved. Without a doubt, this was the first time he came across such a term. But looking at the name, he could already guess its meaning. The so-called universal origin ability techniques were the ones which didn’t care about origin ability talent. An origin ability technique which could be used by anyone was called a universal origin ability technique.

He had touched upon the piano origin ability technique, the music piece called ‘I love you so much’, which had such a unique charm. He had also seen those origin ability techniques for other talents. For example, the iron armor used by Sun Yaotian was an exclusive technique for metal type talents.

And now, this legendary ancient martial art unexpectedly belonged to the universal origin ability techniques!

And the minimum requirement for this universal origin ability technique was none other than maxed out physical fitness and fighting techniques. Just this condition alone had already eliminated countless people.

Although Su Hao had never touched a universal origin ability technique before, based on the requirements of other origin ability techniques, he quickly figured it out. A very low probability of appearance and the harsh condition was what made these universal origin ability techniques rare.

“Read!” Su Hao didn’t hesitate to use the energy within his body to break through this card!

The three star card he obtained was still halfway in progress, but completing it seemed to still be quite a distance. At this time, it was better to complete this two star card. After all, he was desperate to increase his strength right now.

The energy within his body flew toward the card like a landslide.

Su Hao took out a few bottles of the advanced origin ability recovery potion and consumed them all without hesitation. These were all obtained from his master’s place in preparation for the task. He never thought that before the task had even begun, he was already forced to use them. Still, Su Hao didn’t feel regretful of this.

Gudong!

Gudong!

These precious advanced origin ability recovery potions were all poured down his throat.

The energy within his body rushed toward the card without holding back. After all, this Mountain Crash card was only a two star card. Under the effect of this continuous flow of energy, the progress kept increasing! Soon, this card illuminated completely!

Mountain Crash, reading complete!

“Hong!”

A great deal of information appeared within his brain. Su Hao quickly engraved the information into his mind. However, a moment later, his figure moved and disappeared into darkness after evaporating Cha Ting’s body.

Time was precious. He absolutely couldn’t waste it!

“Sou!”

“Sou!”

Su Hao was like a ghost, lurking around in the darkness outside the hotel. Nobody could even notice him. In just a moment, all those men from the Sun family surrounding the hotel were all cleared up.

All dead!

Just as he expected, this Cha Ting was the strongest among them, excluding that specialized variant esper. As for the rest, they simply couldn’t respond fast enough to his sneak attack. Even if there were some who managed to react, they didn’t have a strong ability like Cha Ting. A single strike was enough to render them unconscious.

From start to finish, not even 10 minutes had passed.

The Sun family’s men were all annihilated.

In front of the Jianghe Hotel, within a car, a middle aged man was carefully staring at the situation at the main entrance. In the car, the scanner was still doing its job continuously scanning each person passing the entrance. Since Su Hao hadn’t come out yet, this middle aged man set his mental state to optimal.

Just that, inexplicably, this middle aged man suddenly felt his heart beating irregularly.

“What happened?”

The middle aged man opened his eyes while his facial expression turned a bit ugly. A light flashed within his eyes. Since he had become a specialized variant esper, his sixth sense became much more sensitive! Sometimes, he could feel a crisis approaching. Just that, such a feeling hadn’t appeared for quite some time...

“Ding~”

His electronic watch suddenly notified him.

“Dada~ dada~”

After half an hour passed, the middle aged man glanced away for a second. His pupils suddenly shrunk. The members of team A would send a report every half hour. Just now, half an hour had passed, but nobody had contacted him for their report. This meant that everyone in team A must have been eliminated.

Perhaps even...

The middle aged man was somewhat pale. The others dying weren’t something he cared about, but Cha Ting...

Shua!

The middle aged man quickly called Cha Ting, yet there wasn’t any response.

“Not good!”

The middle aged man’s face changed drastically. Out of nowhere, he burst out from the car, and headed away at rapid speed like a phantom. Two minutes later, he had reached the other side of the hotel. However, nothing could be seen. There were only some water stains on the ground which hadn’t finished evaporating yet.

As the middle aged man glanced at this, his heart turned cold as he stood there stiffly.

“Cha Ting...”

“Kacha!”

Blue veins could be seen on the middle aged man’s hands. His face was so distorted that it was terrifying. He then said a few domineering words, “Since I’m here, come out now.”

Behind him, Su Hao’s figure quietly appeared from behind a huge tree.

It was impossible for him to hide. When he was killing the Sun family’s members, he suddenly noticed this middle aged man was rushing here. Just that, never did he expect the man to rush toward the spot where he and Cha Ting had dueled. It seemed like he didn’t care about the deaths of the others.

Noticing Cha Ting was dead, a killing aura instantly surged from the middle aged man’s body, which locked on to Su Hao. Under this aura, Su Hao simply couldn’t hide. This was the first time he would face a specialized variant esper at their optimal state!

“Sure enough, it’s you, Su Hao,” the hoarse voice of the middle aged man echoed in the quiet road. There was quite a distance from here to the hotel. That was why nobody else was at this spot.

“Who are you?” Su Hao asked.

“Me? Hehe.” The middle aged man laughed and said, “I’m called Cha Lu.”

Cha Lu!

One with the surname Cha...

Su Hao’s heart felt alarmed. Now he finally knew why this man ran over here like a madman. Because just now, he killed Cha Ting! Looking at both of them, there was a hint of resemblance, this person in front was only slightly bulkier than Cha Ting. If he didn’t guess it wrong, the relationship between them should be...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0222 A Showdown of Life and Death!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0222 A Showdown of Life and Death!

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Nora.

“You’re right. Cha Ting is my younger brother.”

Cha Lu looked at Su Hao. “I paid a huge price to let him reach an origin ability of 18 points. From a carp, transforming into a dragon, he became a specialized variant esper, yet he died at your hands.... Hahaha, this is so funny!”

Filled with murderous intent, he charged toward Su Hao. An intense bloodthirst nearly drowned Su Hao completely.

“Hiss-”

Su Hao let out a cold sigh. This fella, how many people had he killed? Could the secret dealings of the Sun family all be handled by this person?

“You killed my younger brother; today I will tear you into pieces!”

Cha Lu erupted with a shout and suddenly made a move.

His figure was like a flash and a thick cloud of flames solidified in the surroundings. It was like a huge flame dragon had intertwined around him. The huge flame dragon followed his punch and almost illuminated the whole sky!

“Not good!” Su Hao was shocked. At this moment, he felt he was locked down by a horrifying murderous intent. Under such intense pressure, he almost couldn’t move! Killing intent, bloodthirst, and an imposing manner. Thanks to this triple pressure, his body simply couldn’t move in a moment of distraction! In front of him, a horrifying flame punch was surely approaching him.

“Hong!”

A blue ray flashed behind Su Hao and his whole person made a sudden retreat.

The flame punch hit the big tree behind Su Hao, unexpectedly there weren’t any broken noises. Instead, the flame punch had completely reduced it to ruins!

What a horrifying ability!

Su Hao barely avoided the attack. Then he saw this scene and had the shock of his life. He knew that specialized variant espers were strong, but he never thought that they would be this strong! An absolute ability to suppress someone! It would cause others to be so depressed that they couldn’t even retaliate. If it wasn’t for this little brat who pulled him aside, perhaps he would have been dead!

He mustn’t sit still and wait for his death!

A chilling light flashed across Su Hao’s eyes. It was like that time he faced Cha Ting. Even if the enemy had origin ability talent, didn’t he have one too?

Model analysis, start!

Character modeling!

Shua!

A model was constructed within his mind. Su Hao quickly gave it a scan. Unsurprisingly, Cha Lu indeed had a flame type origin ability talent. It was a grade A ability, elemental fire control. It granted the user one of the highest degrees of freedom among fire type talents. At this time, Su Hao didn’t miss any of these details.

He quickly saw another card - Mountain crash.

Sure enough!

Su Hao came to understand that at Cha Ting’s level, perhaps he wasn’t qualified to learn something like that. Cha Lu probably learned the technique, and imparted it to Cha Ting afterwards. As for the other abilities, it seemed that he didn’t have anything outstanding. He didn’t find any other useful origin ability techniques. They all seemed familiar to Su Hao.

“Hong!”

Another punch was thrown, but Su Hao was prepared so he stepped aside and dodged.

Model analysis flashed and he fully visualized the surrounding terrain. Su Hao exploded in retreat. Outside of the hotel, they started a chase battle.

With Cha Lu’s current abilities, he didn’t need to use any origin ability technique. To Su Hao, these were all fatal attacks! All the way, Cha Lu had been charging toward Su Hao without fear. The trail he left behind was a mess. Cha Lu’s speed was slightly faster than Su Hao. But in the darkness and the forest outside the hotel, Su Hao was able to shake him off multiple times.

Half a meter on the left there was a tree...

A meter on the right there was a rock...

Three meters on the right of a huge tree, there was a tree vine...

......

Cold light flashed in Su Hao’s eyes like a specter. Behind him, Cha Lu chased him frantically. Every punch crushed all obstacles!

Within the first few minutes, Cha Lu hadn’t even managed to touch Su Hao’s clothes.

At this moment, Cha Lu had a strange feeling that he was opposing the whole forest. Su Hao was moving around smoothly, but for him, every move became more difficult as he was obstructed every few meters!

He couldn’t play in such a way anymore!

Cha Lu sneered, “Let’s end this foolish chasing game, the distance from here to the hotel should be far enough and it’s time for you to die.”

As Cha Lu strangely finished this sentence, he raised his right hand, and countless flames instantly concentrated. From the sky, a flaming palm suddenly appeared!

Raging fire floated three meters above Cha Lu’s head and a flaming palm about the size of three men appeared. They moved along with Cha Lu’s right hand, completely in sync.

“I said this before, today you must die!” Cha Lu evilly smiled. He raised his right hand high up and as his five fingers spread out the area of the flames suddenly increased. At the same time, the flaming palm in the sky also followed his hand and spread out. It freely expanded and contracted; completely like his own palm, sinister and horrifying. Cha Lu stood there and looked like a god who had come to earth.

This flaming palm...

Su Hao’s heart sank as he saw Cha Lu’s majestic appearance. Finally, it had reached this stage. Like he had predicted, as one followed through on increasing their ability, the gaps between the different talent levels would also increase. Once a person reached the specialized variant level, an elemental type elite talent would eventually display the reason why it had the highest grade!

“Hong!”

The condensation of fire in Cha Lu’s hand was complete, and he shot it toward Su Hao without hesitation. It was so fast and furious that the whole flame palm completely engulfed Su Hao’s surroundings without giving him any chance to react. Along with this quick speed, a huge pressure was produced and directly pressed against Su Hao’s body.

Su Hao’s eyes shrunk and a bright light flashed across his eyes.

He activated his model analysis and suddenly calculated something. In just a split second, he made a decision. Su Hao actually didn’t retreat. He also didn’t block, but instead he charged toward the huge flame palm!

“He’s gone mad?”

This thought flashed across Cha Lu’s mind as he looked at Su Hao in disbelief. He knew about the power of his flaming palm, escape was impossible! If it was blocked, there was still the possibility to survive. But Su Hao actually charged toward the palm instead, was he charging to his death?

As this thought flashed across his mind, Cha Lu was shocked as he watched Su Hao completely charged into the center of the flaming palm and into its depths, the place where the flames were the most intense.

“Hong!”

The flaming palm struck and the whole ground shook.

“Dead?” A suspicious look flashed through Cha Lu’s eyes. He came here with the intention of murder, and he didn’t doubt that he could kill Su Hao. But as he saw Su Hao’s pre-death actions, he felt that something wasn’t right. Based on Su Hao’s intelligence, no matter what, he didn’t seem to be the type who would just die like that.

Cha Lu’s eyes flashed with a flame red light. Through thick ash clouds and the darkness of the night, he directly looked at Su Hao’s earlier position.

However, with just a slight glance, Cha Lu’s whole body shook.

How was this possible!

Su Hao was still alive!

Not only he was alive, he didn’t have any injuries!

Cha Lu’s eyes enlarged. The flaming palm’s power, he knew too well! Su Hao’s action of charging toward the flaming palm was an insane move. This was because the power of flaming palm was most intense and horrifying in the last moments when it exploded! If Cah Lu were to be hit by the explosion, even he couldn’t guarantee that he would be unscathed.

But before his eyes, this Su Hao..

Impossible!

No matter what, this was not a feat that a man with a mere origin ability of 16 points like Su Hao could achieve!

Cha Lu suspiciously looked at Su Hao. “How could you...”

“What did you say?” Su Hao sneered as he walked through the thick surrounding smoke and ashes. But in his heart, he was actually silently relieved. It was at that moment, he instantly calculated that in the core of the flaming palm was the convergence point of origin ability energy! In an instant, he exploded with all of his power to speedily approach the flame and crushed it with Mountain Crash!

Mountain Crash!

Under the stimulation of endless energy, the seemingly weak electric current flashed within his body and produced a mysterious and unbelievable power. Coupled with an eruption of his origin ability, it produced a landslide-like terrifying power! With this incomparably powerful use of the origin ability technique, the results were self-evident when it struck the flaming palm’s weakest point!

The flaming palm was powerful and it was indeed unrivaled when it exploded. However, the moment that it seemed to fall onto the ground, instead it was completely crushed by Su Hao and collapsed! It didn’t explode in the end. If Cha Lu looked in detail, he would notice that all the things on the ground surrounding them weren’t destroyed at all.

However, he didn’t need to answer Cha Lu.

In this clash of life and death, apparently Cha Lu was completely shocked by Su Hao! In one moment, the two rivals were killing in full swing. In another moment, they entered into a stalemate!

Cha Lu looked at Su Hao with a stern expression. After a while, a slight movement was finally expressed.

“To cause this much damage to the Sun family, it definitely wasn’t an easy feat. It looks like, in the end, I still have underestimated you. Unfortunately, this caused the whole Team A to be completely defeated and my younger brother was even killed by you. Today, you definitely won’t leave this place alive. With a beginner variant level and reaching such a standard, it’s enough for you to be proud of yourself.”

Cha Lu’s tone was very gentle, but strangely, Su Hao’s heart became alert. He maintained his highest state of alertness! Cha Lu this fellow, was he finally about to use his trump card?

“It’s such a pity, no matter how delicate your calculations, everything is useless when you face an absolute power!”

Cha Lu slowly stretched out his right hand. A faint red light ray appeared and flames began to quickly condense in mid-air. A flaming sword was soon formed and it appeared in his hand.

Origin ability weapon!

Su Hao’s expression didn’t change but his heart was panicking. Within Cha Lu’s cards, there was indeed such a card, origin ability weapon! Cha Lu had trained to the beginner level, but even if it was just a beginner origin ability weapon, it still wasn’t something Su Hao could match!

“Brush!”

Su Hao suddenly felt a moment of numbness on his head. He subconsciously dodged as a red ray of light flashed across and charged toward his back.

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

A half moon-shaped red flame completely destroyed the ten huge trees behind him, but its power did not reduce and it still charged at him from the front! It finally disappeared after its origin ability energy was exhausted.

Su Hao turned around.

Su Hao saw Cha Lu playing with the flame sword in his hand while he lightly said, “Not bad, looks like if this flaming sword is used, my power increases a lot.”

Su Hao took a deep breath.

He knew that this would be troublesome.

The appearance of an origin ability weapon, he had already had prepared for it. However, with its power level being so high, he was really speechless! This was really serious! Didn’t the textbooks describe the power of origin ability weapons as merely above average? Those textbooks were giving him lots of problems!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0223 Real or Fake Man in White?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0223 Real or Fake Man in White?

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

Average?

After he thought about it, Su Hao bitterly smiled.

This so-called ‘average’ in the textbook, it must had been based on the standard of a specialized variant esper. As for Su Hao, he might have been able to flee for his life before Cha Lu, but with the emergence of an origin ability weapon, everything changed!

“Hehe, this time, let me accompany you to have fun,” Cha Lu evilly grinned. “When you’re dead, I will use your sister to pay homage to my brother. He loved to play with little girls. As for this daddy of yours, I guess I will reluctantly settle for your mother. A married woman who has not yet reached forty, I can enjoy her for quite some time.”

“Really?” Surprisingly, Su Hao didn’t feel angry, with just a hint of chill in his voice. “A dead man won’t have the chance!”

“Hehe, such a sharp tongue!” Cha Lu sneered. He immediately rushed forward with the dazzlingly bright flaming sword.

“Hong!”

Su Hao dodged sideways. In a moment of life and death where a single mistake would cost him greatly, he was always calm.

Both of them once again were caught in a battle. But it was different from the stalemate earlier. This time, it was a total suppression. As Cha Lu rampaged on the attack, Su Hao could only keep dodging. If he was out of synch for a fraction of second, his life would be gone. Their battle had reached its most critical point!

Cha Lu was getting more domineering as the battle went on. He was like a literal killing god.

However, he didn’t notice that out of nowhere, Su Hao put his hand behind his back and pulled out a weird bottle of liquid and hung it at his waist. At the same time, Su Hao’s eyes were filled with killing intent as if something bad was about to happen.

Jianghe City, Sun family...

“Peng!”

A tea cup fell to the ground. Sun Batian was alarmed. He somehow felt uneasy. For a cup to slip from his hand, his heart began to race...

“Chairman?”Housekeeper Zhang carefully asked as he quickly cleaned up the porcelain fragments.

Sun Batian muttered to himself, “Old Zhang, are you sure Team A went there? Is Su Hao really in the Jianghe Hotel?”

“Yes.” Housekeeper Zhang felt strange and said, “I just confirmed it with Cha Lu. At this moment, perhaps they have already made their move.”

“Really?” Sun Batian slowly tapped on his table. Somehow there was still this trace of restlessness. “Somehow I feel something is not right. Since Cha Lu has made his move, Su Hao is doomed to die, but what is this uneasy feeling? No! Old Zhang, ask Meng Tai to go, too. Kill Su Hao and get back fast!”

Meng Tai!

Housekeeper Zhang’s face changed, “Chairman, Meng Tai is there to take care of the Sun family! Unless it is a major event, he absolutely mustn’t be used. For just one Su Hao...”

“Let him make his move!” Sun Batian said without hesitation. “Su Hao is too cunning. This matter, there must absolutely be no trace or flaw! He must be killed!”

“Yes!” Housekeeper Zhang nodded. He felt that chairman was being swayed by his emotions. Although he also felt Su Hao was amazing, but a specialized variant esper like Cha Lu being unable to kill him? Meng Tai was even more powerful than Cha Lu, second only to Sun Batian!

To use such for Su Hao, it seemed a bit too wasteful!

However, since the chairman had already said so, he could only unconditionally do as he was instructed.

Ten minutes later, Housekeeper Zhang quietly returned. “Chairman, Meng Tai has departed for the Jianghe Hotel. Regardless of how the situation is right now, when he reaches it, everything will be completed.”

“En,” Sun Batian softly replied, but inexplicably, his restless feeling became even more prominent! Since reaching specialized variant, he had never had such a feeling, this was too horrifying!

Damn it!

What was happening, exactly?

As he was entangled with this feeling, Housekeeper Zhang’s communication device vibrated. As the virtual screen popped out, an image appeared. It was a middle aged man. “Housekeeper Zhang, this is not good! In the west region, I managed to see a figure crazily rushing towards the Golden Nightclub!”

“Golden Nightclub?” Housekeeper Zhang asked. “Who is there?”

“Young master and a few rich kids are having their dinner there.” The middle aged man hastily said, “That is not the main point. What is more terrifying is the figure who is rushing like a madman.”

The middle aged man sent a picture. When Housekeeper Zhang glanced at it, his face changed dramatically.

“This...”

Sun Batian’s eyes were filled with killing intent as his face turned green, “The man in white?”

Yes, that’s right!

In the picture, a killer dressed in white was moving in darkness toward the direction of the Golden Nightclub. And Sun family’s young master, Sun Yaotian, was there.

The enemy’s goal was self-evident.

“How could this be?” Housekeeper Zhang’s face was extremely nervous, “Wasn’t the man in white Su Hao?”

“Kacha!”

Sun Batian finally knew where all his uneasiness came from. He had been fooled! The man in white wasn’t Su Hao. Su Hao was just a pawn! The real aim of the man in white was Sun Yaotian! When Su Hao was attracting all his firepower, the man in white’s fangs were finally revealed!

The probability statistics weren’t wrong. Just that 90% chance of him being Su Hao...

And right now, without doubt, they had stumbled upon that remaining 10%! The enemy had planned so well that they had been misled into thinking that Su Hao was the man in white!

“Quickly, go and save Yaotian!”

Sun Batian quickly ordered after thinking clearly. Without even Housekeeper Zhang answering, he already noticed a terrible fact. It was too late! Based on the route and speed of this man in white, even if the Sun family sent someone over there, Sun Yaotian would be long dead!

“Who is the closest to Yaotian?” Sun Batian urgently asked.

Housekeeper Zhang quickly replied, “Cha Lu! Cha Lu is the nearest to young master! We could ask Cha Lu to rush there now. He could definitely stop the man in white before he makes any move. Then we asked Meng Tai to change direction and soon they will meet each other. Between the two men, the man in white definitely has no route to escape!”

“Great!” Sun Batian nodded firmly and immediately issued order, “Immediately contact those two. Prepare the car, too. I want to go there immediately! This time, I want to see who exactly this man in white is!”

“Hong!”

A thunderbolt flashed in the sky. Daring to harm his son, no matter what the real identity of this man in white was, Sun Batian would definitely let him die without a burial ground!

Jianghe City, Jianghe Hotel.

“Peng!”

“Peng!”

“Hong!”

It was again two successive rapid attacks along with a powerful burst of origin ability energy. Su Hao produced a concentrated amount of energy from his fist, yet it was easily blocked by Cha Lu’s flaming sword. The burst from fighting points was formidable, but in front of such a huge gap difference, there wasn’t even the slightest effect!

“Heng, resistance is futile!” Cha Lu sneered. His attacks were getting more ferocious. In less than five minutes, he would be able to kill Su Hao on the spot.

“Really?” Su Hao coldly smiled, his eyes showing a trace of madness. His right hand gently fell his waist, the bottle of liquid which he didn’t want to use if possible. Never would have he thought that it had reached such a stage. Of course, since he could deal with the incident regarding blue dream butterfly, naturally he would deal with this Cha Lu today, too.

A specialized variant esper is strong?

A bottle of origin ability liquid bomb qwas definitely more than enough to take the life of both of them. To explode at such a close range, there was absolutely no escape.

“Go die!” With killing intent filling his eyes, Su Hao was ready to throw this bomb out and then cling with all his life to Cha Lu. holding him on the spot! However, at this moment, a vibrating sound was clearly audible.

Cha Lu frowned. He had a look at the virtual screen and slowed down his attack.

“Housekeeper Zhang, what are you...”

“Immediately cease the mission. Forget about Su Hao, go quickly to the Golden Nightclub and protect young master!”

Give up on Su Hao?

Cha Lu’s face changed. This revenge for his brother...”Housekeeper Zhang, I can’t let go of Su Hao. He killed...”

“What kill are you talking about!” Housekeeper Zhang’s face changed hugely. “Stop uttering nonsense! Young master is in danger! If young master is really in trouble, can you afford the consequences? You think the chairman will let you off? If young master’s life is affected, you will have to bear all the consequences!”

“I’ll go right now.” Cha Lu swallowed his saliva. Looking at Su Hao in front of him, as long as he had five more minutes, he would be able to get rid of Su Hao!

But there was no choice!

Since the chairman had ordered him, he had to follow, let alone if the young master was in danger. If it was because of him that Sun Yaotian’s life was in danger, Sun Batian definitely wouldn’t let off him, or his family, either! Right now his brother was dead, but if he failed this mission, his whole family would accompany his brother!

Don’t be tricked by the usual calm and nice looking Sun Batian, when he made his move, his actions would definitely be so terrifying that everyone would be afraid to have him as an enemy!

“When I come back, I will find you to collect your debt!” Cha Lu fiercely said to Su Hao and then turned around to leave.

As light flashed, the flaming sword disappeared. At the same time, Cha Lu also vanished.

“What happened?” Su Hao was at a loss.

His origin ability liquid bomb was gently put down. When he was ready to self explode with Cha Lu, he suddenly noticed the enemy stop making his move. Based on his calculations, the only one able to stop Cha Lu from doing so was Sun Batian!

Why did Sun Batian order him to cease?

From those few words of Cha Lu, Su Hao was able to deduce that a major event must be happening for Cha Lu, a specialized variant esper, to be interrupted and give up the victory before him.

And to be able to make the Sun family panic to such a state, how many possibilities could there be?

“Heng, after finishing a battle, you run away. Your thinking is too easy.” Su Hao was so calm that it was terrifying. His two eyes squinted, a touch of murderous intent in them. “Little brat, you go and have a look at exactly what is happening. If the Sun family is in trouble, I don’t mind giving them more burdens.”

Shua!

A blue light flashed away.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0224 A Misunderstanding
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0224 A Misunderstanding

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

Near the Golden Nightclub.

In the darkness, a man in white swiftly moved like a ghost. Unless one looked carefully, he was totally unnoticeable. The man in white’s relaxed and smooth footwork was as if he was taking a stroll in his back garden. But that figure of him still caused many people to have goosebumps.

What kind of person was he?

As the man in white approached the Golden Nightclub, he seemed to be slightly hesitant and stayed at the same spot for a moment. His expression revealed a slightly sinister look, but very quickly, a determined look could be seen in his eyes as he charged towards Golden Nightclub. However at this moment, his progress didn’t seem to be that smooth anymore.

“Hong!”

A fiery red figure appeared and forcefully blocked him. The circles of flames from the figure’s hands had completely sealed all his escape routes!

“Huh?” The man in white was startled, for he was obviously surprised.

“Sir, if you wish to enter the Golden Nightclub, I will have to see if you have the ability to do so.” Cha Lu laughed sinisterly, as he unleashed all his anger on this man in white. He originally thought that the man in white was Su Hao, but he didn’t expect that he actually caught the wrong person.

Once he realized that his younger brother bafflingly became a sacrificial lamb, Cha Lu became even angrier.

Curse you!

If it wasn’t for this bastard who kept dodging around, how would Su Hao have become the suspect? How would his younger brother have bafflingly died? Of course Su Hao must be killed, but the fellow in front of him took priority. He would be killed too!

“Hong!”

Cha Lu who was filled with murderous intent threw a punch. Basically, he had sealed all of the man in white’s escape routes! He was trying to kill in one hit! Cha Lu’s punch was filled with viciousness and brutality.

“This is...” The man in white originally wanted to explain, but as he saw this terrifying killing intent, he gave up on that plan. Since the enemy decided to attack, then he shouldn’t be blamed for retaliating!

“Hong!”

The man in white counterattacked!

A black crack suddenly appeared in the sky, where a huge black ax rushed through the crack and directly appeared in the man in white’s hand.

White clothes, black ax!

Destroying heaven with a chop!

“Hong!”

The big black ax flew across the sky. As it crossed diagonally at a 45 degrees angle, it seemed like a black bolt of lightning. Cha Lu sneered and a red flaming sword appeared, with a flash of red flame was returned. However, when the red light and the black light collided, it was instead brutally defeated.

“Hong!”

Seemingly at the same time, the flaming sword in Cha Lu’s hand shattered, as his whole body had to bear the black ax’s full power. With a bang in his mind, his whole body flew out, unknown whether he was dead or alive.

One hit, instant kill!

“Acting recklessly!” The man in white man sneered and the huge black ax once again appeared!

However at this moment, a fluorescent light flashed, and he was obstructed by a burly man who appeared from the sky, “Who dares to kill my Sun family member is courting death!”

A grey light flashed.

The burly man actually managed to stop the huge black ax completely!

This burly man impressively was Meng Tai!

After he received the chairman’s order, he frantically rushed over. He never thought that he would witness the scene where Cha Lu was almost killed on the spot. If he did not come on time, perhaps Cha Lu would have gone to see King Yemma by now. But even so, Meng Tai had a worried expression because, from the man in white’s body, he felt an enormous pressure.

Such frightening ability!

“Another one who comes to court his own death,” the man in white said while maintaining his expression. It seemed like the huge black ax was a judge for heaven and earth, every time it chopped downwards, it was filled with an unlimited potency and killing intent. That actually was the origin ability weapon’s terrifying form! Not only did it contain substantial power, it also had the terrifying combination of ferocity and origin ability energy.

Hong!

Hong!

Hong!

Meng Tai’s abilities were slightly more powerful than Cha Lu. As he faced the huge black ax, he instantly summoned his origin ability weapon to retaliate. However, as he faced the ferociously powerful huge black ax for only a few minutes, Meng Tai felt weaker. After another 5 minutes, Meng Tai’s right leg was crippled, as if it was almost fully broken!

Too powerful!

Terrifying strength, horrifying moves!

If this continued, both he and Cha Lu would die here!

Fortunately at this moment, purple colored lightning flashed in the sky and a shadow suddenly appeared from the sky in a flash, directly blocking the man in white.

Sun Batian, leader of the Sun family!

Finally, he appeared!

Facing the imposing Sun Batian, the face of the man in white finally appeared to be slightly stern. He wasn’t worried about another specialized variant esper but this person before him... was this a test for him as a deliveryman? To show his sincerity, he had been merciful just now and didn’t act too harsh!

“Your vain attempt to harm my son and injure my brothers, you shall die!” said Sun Batian as he scanned around to understand the situation, “Meng Tai, go and take care of Cha Lu, let me entertain this man in white killer! Since he could control the clouds and rain of the whole Jianghe City, I would like to see the actual identity of you, the man in white!”

“?” The man in white clearly was slightly lost, what was this nonsense!

He was merely a deliveryman. His destination, wasn’t it the Golden Nightclub? Earlier, he received a call that requested him to quickly come to the Golden Nightclub, the other party was waiting for him in the box. But the door was obstructed. From the beginning, he thought that the other party was testing his abilities, but the Sun family members appeared!

The Sun family’s leader, why did he come here?

He didn’t get the chance to inquire. From what Sun Batian was saying, something seemed to be wrong... the man in white felt something wasn’t right. However as he was about to ask, Sun Batian attacked!

Sun Batian’s attack, showed no mercy!

“Shua!”

Purple bolts of lightning seem to engulf the sky, together they brushed towards the man in white. Every lightning bolt contained countless murderous intent.

F*ck!

The man in white’s face finally changed!

Such strength...

The rumor said that one of the four giants, Chen Haonian, used a camouflage artifact. One day, he battled with people all around him and killed a few specialized variant espers! Sun Batian, being one of the 4 giants, naturally his ability wasn’t ordinary. But the man in white never thought, that his actions would be so lowly that he used his trump card for his first move! Such power - definitely came from a camouflage artifact!

Retreat!

Without hesitation, the man in white retreated.

With a white flash, the main in white disappeared from the sky like a ghost without leaving a trace. Murderous intent flashed in Sun Batian’s eyes, the purple lightning swiftly followed the moment the white uniformed man disappeared. Lightning viciously struck his body. In the air, there was a trace of a burning smell.

“Urgh!” With a dull groan, the man in white completely vanished.

“Hmmph!” Sun Batian’s killing intent vanished. The moment he made his first move, he already used his camouflage artifact. Today, he was so mad. His son was nearly killed, Cha Lu was seriously injured and unconscious, Meng Tai’s right leg was almost wasted. Although with the current technology used for treatment, all these injuries could be healed. But that feeling of being toyed around, that really made Sun Batian seethe in anger.

“Who?!” Sun Batian suddenly looked behind him, but there was nothing.

“Strange. Why do I feel like I am being watched?” Sun Batian frowned, then he shook his head. Ridiculous! Who could spy on him without him noticing? Perhaps it was just his imagination. As his emotions were not stable, he began to lose himself, it wasn’t really a positive manner.

After forcefully stabilizing himself mentally, Sun Batian confirmed the safety of his son, he then personally escorted his two specialized variant employees to the hospital.

The huge battle quietly concluded.

Jianghe Hotel.

Su Hao inconceivably looked at the blue dream butterfly as she flew here and there and described the exciting scenes she saw to him.

The mysterious appearance of the man in white... Cha Lu severely injured and unconscious... a specialized variant esper that goes by the name of Meng Tai being injured... Sun Batian’s powerful abilities.... The man in white’s escape...

The blue dream butterfly splendidly described as she reenacted the whole scene.

Sometimes when some parts weren’t clear, blue dream butterfly would use her abilities and drew the entire scene. This stunned Su Hao from what he saw.

So, this was the actual level of specialized variant espers!

So, this was absolute strength!

“With that said, the appearance of the unfortunate main in white, perhaps he would have solved my identity?”

Su Hao didn’t know whether to laugh or cry when he had this thought.

Too inexplicable!

The same white robe, perhaps this white robe really belonged to a certain mysterious organization. And at that time, this person coincidentally was passing by this place? Later he sadly got muddled in the battle between Su Hao and the Sun family, and eventually was targeted by the Sun family?

No matter what he thought, this seemed to be the biggest possibility.

Poor man in white...

The appearance of the man in white ingeniously solved all of Su Hao’s problems. From today onwards, no one would ever suspect Su Hao to be the man in white.

But does that mean that everything was resolved?

Cha Ting’s death...

The destruction of Team A...

Those really were the result of Su Hao’s own doing. If Cha Lu wakes up later, Su Hao also couldn’t escape!

“Since you started step one, don’t blame me as I do step fifteen.”

Su Hao looked at the direction of the Sun family. A cold ray of light flashed across, and brought a huge inexplicable amount of self-confidence. That’s right, confidence! Facing the Sun family giant, once he knew the abilities of the Sun family, Su Hao actually still had this disdainful confidence!

“Su Hao, what do you think you are doing?” Blue dream butterfly said as she felt Su Hao’s devious plan and nervously looked at him.

“Of course, I’m going to give them a present” Su Hao indifferently shrugged his shoulders, and smiled indifferently, “I remember, a long time ago I did say this, if you want to attack me you can, but there must be preparations to pay the price. I have received the Sun family’s present, naturally, I also want to give them a huge present.”

“Ah!” Blue dream butterfly said nervously, “Are you crazy, didn’t I just show you Sun Batian’s abilities, that frightening power...”

“Heh, power?” Su Hao’s lips revealed a sinister look, “In this era, when it comes to absolute strength, any plan would be useless. Unfortunately, he, Sun Batian has not reached that point yet! This time, I will personally pay a visit to the Sun family’s leader!”

Hong!

Blue dream butterfly almost fainted, did she hear wrongly?

Su Hao actually wanted to meet with Sun Batian! With his current ability, wasn’t that courting his own death? But seeing Su Hao’s insanely carrying his confidence, she was slightly infatuated. This Su Hao was the most frightening, but also the most attractive!

Perhaps.... It would really work?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0225 This Madman!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0225 This Madman!

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

The chaotic battle had ended. In fact, less than half an hour had passed.

When Su Hao went back to eat, naturally he had to face complaints from his sister. After enjoying his meal for a bit in the hotel, only then did he return back home with everyone. As the night gradually turned darker, everyone already fell asleep and the street returned to calmness.

However, in a dark area, a figure jumped out from a random window.

Jianghe City, First Central Hospital.

At this time, the hospital was embroiled in a hot discussion. This was because just now, the chairman of Sun family, Sun Batian, had personally brought over two underlings of his who were injured, Cha Lu and Meng Tai. He waited there for a full hour, until Cha Lu’s surgery was done, before slowly leaving the hospital.

Such patience...

Such care for his own subordinate...

In this whole city, how many people would do that?

The four giants in Jianghe City were indeed worthy of their reputations!

Everyone in the hospital were whispering among themselves about this. They secretly praised the bodyguards standing in front of a ward. After all, this was indeed the Sun family. A few nurses looked at the Sun family members with eyes twinkling. Such a state only lasted for a few minutes. Finally, when the bodyguards stared back at them, they unwillingly dispersed.

At this moment, in the hospital lobby, a handsome young man with his clothes all in white walked in. When you looked at him, he seemed to be pretty mature and full of flair. After taking a turn in the lobby, the young man’s mouth raised a smile, it was so charming.

This young man was none other than Su Hao!

Tidying his white coat for a bit, Su Hao openly went toward the intensive care unit. He was so calm and every part of his body was screaming confidence. However, if someone was to look at Su Hao’s eyes, they would be able to see blue light flashing within Su Hao’s eyes.

His model analysis had been kept active!

As Su Hao walked into the room, the bodyguards were alarmed and looked over there. Just before they opened their mouths, a young nurse came out from the ward.

The young nurse who just came out from the ward, walked a few steps and was stunned when she noticed Su Hao. Who was this? He was wearing a doctor’s uniform... such a young face... didn’t seem to be one from their hospital! However, the young man in front spoke out before the nurse had the opportunity to do so.

“Xiao Xuezhen? It’s you?” Su Hao glanced at the nurse’ name tag for a second. As he was running his model analysis simultaneously, card after card began to appear within his mind.

“Do you know me?” the young nurse asked cautiously.

“Of course,” Su Hao smiled indifferently, “Your evaluation, the President has shown it to me. An interesting talent, mastery of surgical technique. Yet, you became an ordinary nurse. The head of surgery department has told me many times that such a talented person like you remaining in the nursing department was such a waste.”

Xiao Xuezhen’s face turned red. Although she was a specialist in surgery, becoming a nurse was her dream. That was why she chose to be a nurse. At first, she thought she could hide the fact. Never did she think that her seniors in the hospital actually knew about this...

“If you’re interested in going to the department of surgery, come and find me then,” Su Hao casually continued as he frowned, “Sun Batian called me just now to quickly see the patient. He told me that he is a Sun family’s member. Heng, I as a dignified First Central Hospital’s doctor, since when I have become their private doctor? If not because of President’s face... heng!”

Xiao Xuezhen was blushing and dared not interrupt.

This matter regarding the upper class wasn’t something she could comment freely as a nurse. “A member of Sun family just finished his surgery and hasn’t woken up yet. You can come in and see.”

“En,” Su Hao calmly nodded and walked inside with the young nurse.

Those few bodyguards in front respectfully stepped aside. The conversation between them they had naturally overheard. This young new doctor was obviously an attending doctor, but also with a scary identity. Even daring to curse their chairman, such a person must not be provoked!

Cha Lu had finished his surgery and still hadn’t woken up at this point. However, the injuries on his body were slowly recovering under the effect of various medicines. As long as he woke up and rested for some time, he would recover completely back to normal. Medical treatment in the origin ability era was so remarkable!

Standing beside the bed, Su Hao looked down at Cha Lu lying on the bed. His mouth raised in a smile.

En... seems that his injury is pretty serious since he still hasn’t woken up yet.

Su Hao took a step forward and pretended to do some examining before softly saying, “The surgery is not bad. No serious problems, but to not wake up by this point, that seems to be quite a problem. Go to the pharmacy and get a few bottles of stimulant elixir. I will see what is actually happening here.”

“Yes!” The young nurse respectfully walked out to get the medication.

“Hehehe...indeed worthy of being the Sun family.” Su Hao looked at Cha Lu who was lying on the bed safe and sound with some surprise. When the blue dream butterfly narrated the story to him, Cha Lu’s injuries were so serious that he fell unconscious, was covered in blood, and had almost died. But now, he was safe and sound. To achieve such a recovery, Sun family must had paid quite a price!

Such a pity though...

Su Hao sighed. Looking for a moment at the cabinet nearby and finding a few bottles of medicines, he mixed them all up before patting on Cha Lu’s face, “Hey, man. Wake up!”

The pungent smell of medicine and herbs he mixed up had a super intense stimulation on one’s mental state. The hospital definitely wouldn’t dare to use normal drugs that could harm one’s mind.

“Eh~”

Cha Lu coldy groaned and gradually woke up from his coma. He could smell the pungent odor of medicine. Yet, he felt relieved inside, this was the smell of a hospital...

If he was in a hospital, that meant he didn’t die!

That meant the Sun family had made their move and he was saved. That horrifying man in white, that terrifying strength... when he recalled the moment, he still had some lingering fear.

Such strength was even comparable to his chairman!

Was this the true strength of the man in white?

He wondered if the chairman had killed that man. But, no matter what, a person with such strength wasn’t one he could provoke. His brother’s revenge... Su Hao! Cha Lu who had just woken up changed his target. Since he couldn’t kill the man in white, then he would kill Su Hao. After all, it was him who personally killed his brother!

Wait until this daddy recovers completely. The first thing I will do is to slaughter you!

Cha Lu had made up his mind.

Drowsily opened his eyes, he saw a man in white coat moving in front of him. He gradually regained his senses and knew that this was a doctor.

“Doctor, thanks.”

“En, you’re welcome,” Su Hao smiled as he watched Cha Lu gradually regain his senses. Suddenly he found that this was an interesting thing.

Huh?

This was a familiar voice...

Cha Lu was somewhat dazed. Noticing that this doctor was someone he knew, the surrounding scenery became clearer. Cha Lu had a clear look. It was indeed a hospital. Standing in front of him was a young handsome doctor who seemed to be pretty familiar. Thinking back to the voice he heard just now, Cha Lu had a closer look again.

En, the more he looked, the more this young man looked familiar.

Suddenly, Cha Lu’s pupil contracted. His eyes revealed a look of disbelief. He finally recalled who the owner of this voice and face was!

“Hong!”

As if a lightning struck through his mind, the blurry mind of Cha Lu after being comatose for a long time disappeared. His whole person was extremely nervous right now.

Su Hao!

The doctor in front of him was Su Hao!

How was this possible!

“You...” Cha Lu’s expression suddenly turned into somehow worried.

Su Hao sat on the side of the bed with a sinister smile, “Still remember what I said? A dead person won’t have the chance.”

“Not good!” Cha Lu suddenly became pale. He felt the killing intent of Su Hao and subconsciously wanted to flee, but a terrifying force came from Su Hao.

Peng!

Su Hao leaned his body forward, his right elbow directly aimed at Cha Lu’s chest and immediately pressed him down. He pinned Cha Lu down the bed, rendering him unable to move no matter how he struggled.

“You...” As Cha Lu’s chest was forcefully compressed, he simply couldn’t breathe well. If he was his usual self, how would he even care about this force? Hwever, at this time he had just finished being operated on and was currently recovering from serious injuries. The strength which he could use right now was just 1% of his usual form. With such pitiful strength, how could he compete with Su Hao!

Su Hao took out a paper towel from his pocket; to be precise, it was a wet towel, and it was stained with the weird colors of various drugs.

Cha Lu glanced at it and his whole body began to shake He began to struggle desperately. Looking outside and noticing two bodyguards of Sun family, he suddenly shouted, “Save...”

“Wu!”

Without any hesitation, Su Hao pressed the wet towel down on Cha Lu’s mouth, forcefully pinning him down the bed. All sort of weird smells entered his body as Cha Lu crazily struggled. With his veins exposed, face turning green, and the bed almost crushed, he still couldn’t slip through Su Hao’s grasp.

“Kuang!”

“Kuang!”

In ten seconds, Cha Lu’s strength gradually disappeared. Even his pupils began to dilate. Even when he had lost the power to struggle, he still looked at Su Hao with begging eyes showing despair. He didn’t understand; Su Hao could have easily killed him long ago when he was in a coma, why had he woken him up before doing so?

Su Hao noticed his eyes and said, “Directly dying is boring. Don’t you think watching someone madly struggle for life while slowly being devoured by darkness is fun? Isn’t that what you were thinking when you attacked me? This is the price you have to pay for trying to harm me.”

Madman!

This madman!

Looking at Su Hao’s cold expression, Cha Lu suddenly felt a chill coming from his spine all the way to his forehead.

What kind of man did he provoke?

Cha Lu revealed a very horrified look and tried to struggle one last time. However, under the power of Su Hao, he could only slowly give into despair. Soon, his pupils gradually dilated and lost their luster. Before dying, the remorse in his eyes was clearly visible.

If there was another chance, even if he had to defect from the Sun family, he wouldn’t want to provoke Su Hao.

He would never provoke such a madman.

Cha Lu was dead.

A dignified specialized variant esper, one of Sun Batian’s right hand men; Cha Lu didn’t die from an intense battle, but was now dead on a bed in the hospital.

However, this was only the beginning!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0226 Goodbye, Captain Meng Tai.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0226 Goodbye, Captain Meng Tai.

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

“What’s with him?” asked the young nurse who had just came back from fetching the medication after seeing Cha Lu’s strange expression.

“Don’t worry. I just gave him some stimulation. If nothing goes wrong, he should be awake in two hours.,” Su Hao casually said.

“Wow, you’re so good!” The young nurse’s eyes were filled with stars. Before this, the vice president had come and said perhaps he would be able to wake up tomorrow. Even he couldn’t give an exact time. Never did she expect this senior to just be able to predict with a look. This was too incredible!

“En, take me to Meng Tai,” Su Hao faintly said. With his terrain modeling, he was already well aware of the layout of the hospital, but it would still be a better idea for others to lead him. Especially, Meng Tai only injured his right leg and wasn’t as seriously hurt as Cha Lu.

“Alright!” The young nurse brought Su Hao out of the special ward. Sun family bodyguards respectfully opened the door.

“Wait...” Su Hao suddenly frowned, “Cha Lu’s case is a bit special. Although I predict it to be two hours, but he might wake up earlier. It is better if you’re here to take care of him. Later when he wakes up, it would be much easier.”

“Yes.” The young nurse’s face was a bit red. This senior was so thoughtful. How could she not think of this. If Cha Lu was to wake up at this moment and nobody was there to take care of him, she would have been punished for neglecting her duties. This senior, not only was his skill good, his character was good, too, the young nurse happily thought.

“As for finding Meng Tai...” Su Hao faintly glanced at the left bodyguard, “You lead me then.”

“Alright!” The bodyguard nodded and led Su Hao there. As for Su Hao wanting to see their captain, he didn’t bother thinking much. After all, this doctor was one who dared to curse their chairman from the very beginning...

Unlike Cha Lu, although Meng Tai’s right leg was crippled, it was still an ordinary injury. With current technology, such injuries could easily be fixed. At this era, what was most difficult to heal was spiritual damage. For example, Cha Lu, who was ‘in a coma and wasn’t awake yet’.

Physical injuries were just a small matter to the hospital.

That was why Meng Tai was staying at an ordinary ward. The burly guy didn’t care much about it. His right leg was still in IV treatment. In a few more hours, he would be completely healed. He would be able to show his full strength as usual once his recovery time was done.

The bodyguard brought Su Hao here and glanced at two other men in front of the ward. As bodyguards from Sun family, naturally they knew each other.

“You’re?” Looking at Su Hao, Meng Tai was a bit surprised. He was already used to the doctors here and he had never seen this young man before.

The bodyguard who followed Su Hao quickly stepped up and explained, “This is a doctor hired by chairman to have a look at both captains. Just now he had a look at Cha Lu and predicted he should be able to wake up soon. Now, he is here to have a look at you.”

After finished saying so, this bodyguard who was afraid this Meng Tai wasn’t giving any face to the doctor quickly stepped forward and whispered, “Captain Meng, this man is one who even dared to curse chairman. His background must be not ordinary.”

“Oh?” Meng Tai’s heart jumped.

He even dared to curse chairman directly?

This man was definitely not one he could provoke! From the outside, he seemed to have a dignified identity, being strong in Sun family; but to put it frankly, he was just a advanced hired thug! Even when he met someone like Sun Yaotian, he had to be respectful. As for this person before him, to even dare to curse the chairman...

Of course, he believed his brothers.

Being bodyguards of Sun family, what kind of characters they were, he was clear about them all.

“Alright, you guys can leave the room.” Meng Tai waved his hand and smiled at Su Hao, “Doctor, looking at my injury, you must know that I can’t get off the bed. How do I call you?”

“Stop trying to get close with me!” Su Hao sneered. “If not because of the president, you think I would obey Sun Batian? I want your arm out. After I have a look, I will leave. Today I am having a date with a beauty.”

Meng Tai’s face turned stiff.

Damn you, can’t you give some face?!

Being scolded by Su Hao, Meng Tai’s face turned ugly. However, thinking of the man’s identity, he could only endure. Obediently extending his right hand, Meng Tai felt alarmed at this character with extreme attitude. Such a person, he couldn’t afford to offend.

“Still okay, you won’t die,” Su Hao said after faintly glancing at his arm. “Under normal circumstances, in a few hours, you could be discharged. After the treatment is done, you just have to rest two more hours.”

Wasn’t this all nonsense?

Meng Tai turned pale. What was this he wouldn’t die? He injured his leg! Resting for two hours after treatment done, was this something you have to inform? Even normal people knew about this! This was a skillful doctor hired by chairman? This doctor’s level was too...

“Heng!”

Noticing his expression, Su Hao sneered, “What I said is normal circumstances. Right now, with me here, it won’t be normal anymore. You think I am here to just make your injury recover? Wrong! In half an hour, not only your injury will recover, I will put you back to the peak state!”

What?

Meng Tai’s heart skipped a beat.

Peak state! As he grew older, his body felt a bit weaker and his movement wasn’t as good as before. Peak state... it seemed to be a topic long ago. But this time, the doctor actually said he could bring Meng Tai back to peak state. Suddenly, he remembered this doctor was hired by chairman.

Grateful!

An enormous amount of gratitude emerged within Meng Tai’s heart. The chairman specifically hired someone to restore him back to peak state? Such a thing, if it was others, that seemed to be fake; but for Sun Batian to do so, it was absolutely credible! Recalling back to Sun Batian waiting outside the surgery room for a full hour for Cha Lu, he felt his heart warming.

“You still want or not?” Su Hao looked at his expression and impatiently asked.

“Of course I want!” Meng Tai said without hesitation. Having the opportunity to bring his body back to peak state, he understood the impatient and arrogant character of this young man. After all, a person reaching such a level at such a young age with a huge background would definitely develop his arrogance.

Su Hao seemed too lazy to bother him. Taking out a few medicines from his pocket, he began to mix them, before taking out a syringe and withdrawing them. Soon, the syringe was filled with a strange colored liquid.

“This...” Meng Tai looked at the liquid in the syringe and felt strange about this. “Doctor, this drug, this color, there is no problem with it?”

Su Hao glanced at him coldly, “The medicine in the market just adds coloration. If you don’t like this color, I can give you one with nice blue color. Just that Sun Batian only gave me 80 million. If you want to change the color, give me an additional 8 million then!”

Damn!

So expensive!

Meng Tai’s face turned pale. Where would he get such a sum of money out? But since the formula was still the same, just a different color, what was there to be afraid of?

Thinking of this, Meng Tai grit his teeth and fiercely said, “I don’t need that. Just inject it now!”

“En,” Su Hao replied indifferently and then directly injected into his arm.

“Ci...”

A shot of medication was injected all at once.

“Pu...”

Meng Tai suddenly spit out some blood. He suddenly felt his body twitching, with an unimaginable pain. His face began to turn white, “Doctor... what, what is happening?”

Su Hao faintly said, “Normal reaction. You think that recovering to peak state was so easy?”

“What?” Meng Tai covered his stomach and felt strength from his body disappearing. He was so weak on the bed that the pain in his right leg disappeared.

Something isn’t right!

His strength... was all gone!

Meng Tai felt something wasn’t right and endured the pain. Looking at the doctor in front, what he heard was the sinister laugh of Su Hao.

“Who... who are you!”

Meng Tai’s was dumbfounded. Recalling back to the bodyguard who recommended this doctor, Xiao Liuzi, had he betrayed Meng Tai? No, it was impossible! He knew Xaio Luizi’s family well. If Xiao Liuzi betrayed them, he had nowhere to run. What was the situation here?

“Huh, finally you realized?” Su Hao looked at him while smiling, that proud disguise look of his was removed and returned back to his usual expression, “Let me introduce myself. I’m Su Hao. I believe you have heard my name before.”

Su Hao!

Meng Tai’s face drastically changed!

Of course he knew about Su Hao. The mission he accepted tonight was to kill Su Hao with Cha Lu. However, because of the sudden appearance of the man in white, they temporarily changed targets. After being injured, he then came here.

Unexpectedly, Su Hao actually came!

“You’re courting death!”

Meng Tai revealed a cold expression as he made ready to kill Su Hao. As he tried to clench his fist, he noticed something sad. His fist was so soft that none of his strength could be gathered. Then, he recalled back the drug which Su Hao had just administered to him. He didn’t died to the man in white, but here?

Wrong!

Meng Tai suddenly remembered what the bodyguard said,and then looked at Su Hao in horror. “You just came from Cha Lu’s room, don’t tell me...”

“Yes,” Su Hao indifferently replied, “He is waiting for you below.”

“Damn!” Meng Tai’s heart went cold. Knowing Su Hao definitely wouldn’t give him any chance to request help, he gathered all his strength desperately and suddenly jumped over to the outside window .

He actually intended to jump out the window to win himself a chance to live!

Such a decisive move!

Merely, would Su Hao gave him that opportunity?

Sou!

A blue light flashed. Meng Tai suddenly felt a burst of unknown force coming from his chest. His whole person was forced back to the bed. At this time, Su Hao took out a wet towel and casually pressed it over his mouth and nose.

“Goodbye, Captain Meng Tai.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0227 Bright Fireworks
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0227 Bright Fireworks

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

“Kuang!”

“Kuang!”

Meng Tai was struggling desperately. After being administered all sorts of drugs by Su Hao, surprisingly he still had the strength to struggle. Such strength was more powerful than Cha Lu! However, no matter how he struggled, Su Hao’s figure was immovable. One arm held him firmly while another closed his mouth with a wet towel.

Struggle?

Su Hao sneered.

Light flashed within his eyes as his model analysis activated. The reason why he didn’t directly poison Meng Tai was because Meng Tai still had some use.

For example, now!

Model analysis, start!

Character modeling!

Shua!

The model of Meng Tai was successfully established. Countless cards were hovering around. When Su Hao glanced at them, he managed to find a card which was sufficient enough to attract his attention.

Advanced origin ability transition technique!

Sure enough, Meng Tai had mastered it! For an ordinary esper, intermediate origin ability transition technique was more than enough. Only when one had insufficient energy to sustain their origin ability did they start to learn this advanced origin ability technique.

But, don’t judge someone like Cha Lu, who was a specialized variant esper, for he had only mastered the intermediate origin ability transition technique.

The origin ability cultivation technique had little effect on strength. The main point here would be personal origin ability talent and energy demand. If demand was high, naturally more energy was needed. Of course, someone like Su Hao, who basically would never have enough energy no matter how much was available, was a rare occurrence.

Card modeling!

Establish!

“Card selection completed... advanced origin ability transition technique... card model analyzing... card model establishing... card model begins to form...”

A few seconds later, the card model was successfully established.

Once again, an additional gray card containing the advanced origin ability transition technique appeared within Su Hao’s mind.

Meng Tai’s struggling strength gradually turned weak. As his pupils began to dilate, he gradually lost consciousness and collapsed weakly. Su Hao then threw him to the bed, wiping his hands before casually left the room.

“I just finished treating your captain. Within two hours, don’t disturb him.” Su Hao walked out with his poker face as if nothing had happened. The two bodyguards quickly agreed. Just now outside, when three of them had a talk, that bodyguard named Xiao Liuzi had already warned them of how powerful this doctor’s background was. He even dared to curse their chairman. This doctor was definitely someone whom they could only look up to.

Model analysis activated.

Su Hao easily avoided the so-called leaders and walked into the empty medical room. Taking off his white coat, he then left swiftly through the window.

The night was late.

Sun Batian walked into his house with a tired expression.

He was too exhausted!

Coming out of the hospital, he quickly rushed back to the Golden Nightclub and the result? He saw Sun Yaotian still happily lying on a woman’s belly. All his anger began to erupt! Every time, when everyone was fighting for him, this young master of Sun family would always do such lecherous things.

All these irregular events tonight really exhausted Sun Batian mentally.

“Master, what about Su Hao?” Housekeeper Zhang asked cautiously.

“Su Hao...” Sun Batian halted his steps, “Did Cha Lu make his move?”

“En, when I contacted him, it seemed like he was confronting Su Hao. Later, because of the young master, he was forced to leave.” A faint light flashed within Housekeeper Zhang’s eyes.

Sun Batian pondered for a moment before coldly said, “Kill him, then. Since we have already made our move, then don’t leave any traces behind. All the consequences, I will bear them!”

Both of them talked as they walked into the living room.

As the living room’s automatic door opened when Sun Batian and Housekeeper Zhang approached, however at this time, Sun Batian’s whole figure stiffened on the spot. When Housekeeper Zhang looked inside, his whole body was covered in cold sweat! At this moment, a young man was leisurely seated on the leather sofa in the living room.

Pouring a cup of good tea, he leaned back on the sofa while reading a worn newspaper. Occasionally he would take a sip from the cup of tea. He looked so comfortable. Seemingly noticing that both of them came in, the young man looked up and then revealed a smile, “Long time no see, Chairman Sun.”

“Hong!”

It was as if lightning struck his mind. Sun Batian’s soul nearly jumped out of his body.

His whole person was stunned on the spot as he looked at the young man in front of him in disbelief. He had done numerous assessments on the young man in front of him, and also praised him numerous times. In any case, he would never have imagined that this young man could appear in the Sun family manor without alarming anyone!

Housekeeper Zhang was even more dumbfounded.

Cold sweat covering his whole body, being intruded upon without being noticed, that was his negligence as a housekeeper. Just that, he didn’t understand that with such tight security around here, all the guards here had a minimum of 15 points of origin ability. There would be guards all the time, yet how did this young man break in?

What was even more terrifying was the identity of this man before them!

Being in charge of ordering an assassination, Housekeeper Zhang was very much familiar with this young man’s face. Impressively, it was Su Hao!

Jianghe City, one of the large hotels.

In the presidential suite at the top, a young man leisurely sat in front of a window. In his right hand, a coin was being flipped gently. Watching through the room window, he could see the scenery of the entire landscape of Jianghe City.

“It is about time...”

Brother Chen gently smiled. A terrifying energy suddenly fluctuated within his hand. In the entire presidential suite, countless pieces of glass moved as they seemed to be affected by the energy. Such an effect could be caused, just by absorbing energy? This force was too horrifying!

All the energy was like a storm entering the coin and then disappearing without a trace.

“Xiu!”

Brother Chen gently waved his hand and the coin pierced through the window, disappearing into the sky without causing any damage.

Jianghe City was as calm as ever.

A coin falling into Jianghe City wouldn’t cause any ripple effect.

But was that really true?

On the west side of Jianghe City, a man in white was moving like electricity in darkness. Occasionally there would be a drop of blood coming from his body. This time, he was seriously injured. Soon, a suspension car came and the man in white quickly forced himself in and then lay down weakly.

“Boss, what happened to you?”

“Fast, body recovery drug!”

In the car, a few of his brothers exclaimed. They quickly stabilized the man in white’s injuries, and at the same time, they also vaguely smelled the odor of burnt flesh. The man in white who had regained a bit of mental clarity, the first thing he said was, “Drive. We’re withdrawing, quick!”

Those brothers of his glanced at each other and then immediately drove the car away.

To be able to reduce their boss, who had such formidable strength, into such a sorry state, definitely wasn’t something they could handle. If the enemy managed to chase here... But what they didn’t understand was it was just a normal delivery job yet why it turned out like this!

“Boss, what is happening?” a man, who was usually close to his boss, cautiously asked.

Shua!

The man in white suddenly ripped off his clothes, revealing horrifying scars and wounds. However, this time, this man, Da Han was full of murderous intent and chilling anger. With a gloomy expression, he looked at his brothers and then coldly said, “I’m not sure. But when I was on the way to deliver the product, I was intercepted by Sun Batian.”

Pu~

His brothers nearly burst out laughing!

Damn!

Was this a joke?

Sun Batian? What kind of person was that? One of four giants in Jianghe City, would he come and bully someone like the man in white?

A brother of his obviously felt something wasn’t right. Although this big boss of his was tough, sometimes he might act out of the line and might have stepped on the Sun family’s tail. But still, such method of doing things didn’t seem to be the style of Sun Batian. “Boss, the situation wasn’t right. Perhaps we have been schemed against?”

Schemed?

Da Han was stunned for a moment. He suddenly remembered those few words which Sun Batian said. His whole person was dumbfounded on the spot. All those accusations by Sun Batian which made him feel this Sun leader was a retard, but now it seemed that he was the retarded one! Damn, he was really being schemed against!

Da Han suddenly understood what happened.

F*ck!

“Shua!”

Da Han flushed red and then grabbed his communication device, immediately calling the man who he called Brother Chen. “Brother Chen, I need an explanation!”

“You didn’t send the product. What is there to explain?”

Opposite of the virtual screen, Brother Chen still looked indifferent.

“Go your ass!” Da Han finally couldn’t control his emotions anymore and raged, “You don’t want us deliverymen, to do business in Jianghe City? Although you’re forced to accept this business, in the end, you decided to call it off and kill me, right?”

Brother Chen’s smile was a bit cold, “Let me remind you. Daring to scold me is a crime which is more serious than trying to do your delivery business here.”

The brother beside Da Han cautiously reminded, “Boss, after all, he is Brother Chen...”

“Get lost!”

With a kick, Da Han kicked him away, “This daddy doesn’t believe that someone who doesn’t have combat ability and is always hiding behind like a bitch would be able to touch a single hair of mine! He is still in the hotel and we’re now in the west region. What is there to be afraid of?”

After speaking and cursing till his heart’s content, Da Han suddenly felt his heart shudder in alarm.

What happened?

“Boss, boss, look! What is that?” A nervous voice of his brother could be heard. Da Han suddenly looked up and could see a mass of fiery red flame was heading toward their suspension car with a long tail of smoke dragging behind. It was too late to avoid!

“Xiu!”

In a blink, the flame reached in front of them. Everyone in the car was shocked to discover that the so-called flame was actually an aircraft. Such a bad luck that this aircraft after being malfunctioned, it actually landed on top of their car. Remembering back to the rumors about Brother Chen, everyone was scared. It couldn’t be real, right...

“Hong!”

A high-speed suspension car and an uncontrolled aircraft crashed into each other on top of the west region. The flame bursts from the explosion dyed the west region red.

It was like fireworks, so bright and beautiful.

After the blink of an eye...

The flame disappeared, and the west region returned to normal.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0238 Threatening
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0238 Threatening

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

“Beautiful fireworks, aren’t they?”

At Jianghe City, in his presidential suite, Brother Chen happily looked on from afar. That beautiful flame that suddenly appeared in the sky make him crack a smile.

“It’s time to go home,” Brother Chen sighed and he turned around to look at the two figures in the room. Suddenly, his expression became slightly dejected. “Su Tiancheng.... Su Hao.... Heh. The debt I owed you in the past, I have already settled. The road ahead, you should walk yourself. The basic stage is the toughest part for model analysis. I will eagerly await your time to soar!”

After brother Chen finished speaking, he walked out of the room.

Tick!

The automatic room door closed. All the information in the room immediately was destroyed including the display screen. Everything was exactly as if Brother Chen had never appeared.

Jianghe City, the Sun family mansion.

Su Hao’s sudden appearance stunned Sun Batian and Housekeeper Zhang in place!

But after the momentary shock, Sun Batian’s expression returned to normal. No matter how panicky his heart was, on the surface he had recovered to his normal calm self. As he looked at Su Hao’s calm expression, Sun Batian didn’t ask how he came, instead he directly asked, “What do you want!?”

Su Hao shrugged his shoulders, “That would depend entirely on your response.”

“Hilarious!” Sun Batian’s eyes immediately became ice cold and his gaze was filled with killing intent. “Su Hao, today you have gone overboard! The power of the citizens of Jianghe City all have their own boundaries, and that is not to harm the family members of others. Hence I have been patient and didn’t attack, but don’t force me to attack the ladies of your family!”

“Oh?” Su Hao raised his head and smiled slightly, his smile was magnificent, “Earlier I went to visit aunty, yes - aunty was sweetly sleeping. At 40, she still maintains the looks of a 30 year old. Such a natural beauty, if I was born 20 years earlier, perhaps I would have to fight with you for her, ha ha!” Su Hao laughed happily.

Both Sun Batian and Housekeeper Zhang were numb to their scalps, neither of them were able to laugh.

Threat...

Only both of them knew?

Su Hao knew, too!

And looking at it, it seemed that he was even more skillful. When they returned, even the bedroom upstairs had been entered! If he had any intention to harm anyone, perhaps...

Once he thought about this, Sun Batian shivered profusely.

As he faced Su Hao, he finally didn’t have a Jianghe giant versus the younger generation type of attitude, the only attitude he had was a deep dread and concern!

This young man, was very terrifying!

He must be killed!

Su Hao’s strength instead stirred up the brutality in Sun Batian’s heart, he definitely could not be spared!

While Sun Batian considered it, his expression kept changing. His violent aura kept changing. Under such a terrifying aura, the temperature of the hall even decreased a few percentages. But Su Hao’s expression opposite him remained unchanged. He quietly sat there without batting an eyelid.

“You shouldn’t have come here!” Sun Batian sneered. “Do you think I will let you leave here alive?”

Su Hao laughed indifferently, “I am afraid that is not your decision to make.”

“Shua!”

Sun Batian clenched his right hand. A terrifying wave appeared immediately in the empty air as a ray of purple light flashed and directly struck towards Su Hao. At such speed, no one would be able to dodge it!

“Hong!”

Sun Batian’s expression suddenly changed. The purple lightning that struck actually forcefully changed direction. It hit under Su Hao’s feet and crack marks appeared. The hall’s floor tiles instantly turned into a pile of ruins.

Cold sweat appeared from Sun Batian’s forehead. He watched Su Hao take out a few items, his whole body shivering a moment...

This madman!

When he attacked, Su Hao simply took out a few items and put them in his hands. Even if it was Sun Batian, he couldn’t help but stop.

Origin ability liquid bomb...

Origin ability solid bomb....

Poison radiation....

Origin ability wave catalyst...

......

A total of nine items, all of them causing Sun Batian’s lips to twitch slightly. These items all contained extremely dangerous banned substances. The origin ability liquid bomb could be considered the weakest! The solid bomb was ten times more powerful! Not to mention the other gas-spreading poison attacks; if one detonated, everything within five kilometers would be affected.

When these items were combined, exploding under the influence of the catalyst...

Within a five kilometer radius, everything would be wiped out!

Su Hao calmly said, “As I said before, if anything happens to my family members, the whole of your Sun family will be buried along with them. It doesn’t matter if it’s me, or my master, we will do the same. This is my last warning, otherwise, even at the risk of being in danger, I will ensure that your Sun family will disappear from the face of the Earth!”

Threat!

A blatantly obvious threat!

The Sun family was capable of threatening Su Hao, but Su Hao also was naturally capable of threatening the Sun family! Sun Batian was really depressed; ever since he had become a giant of Jiang He City, who had dared to speak to him this way? Since when he had received such threats? The most depressing part was, he held a super killing weapon, like a camouflage artifact, yet when facing Su Hao, he couldn’t help but lower his head!

“The same statement, I send it back to you,” Sun Batian calmly replied.

“Very good.” Su Hao smiled happily and walked towards the exit. However, when he reached the door, his footsteps slightly slowed, “Oh, yeah, as the price of you making a move, I also gave the Sun family a present as a token of our connection. I think you will like it.”

After he laughed heartily, Su Hao turned around and left.

Present?

Sun Batian was stunned. He crossed eyes with Housekeeper Zhang as both of them felt that something wasn’t right. It was at that moment that Housekeeper Zhang’s communication device vibrated, and a virtual screen popped out. It was one of the bodyguards from the Sun family, his face pale as he said, “Housekeeper Zhang, not good, Captain Cha Lu and Captain Meng Tai are both dead!”

“Hong!"

Sun Batian felt an explosion ring in his head, his whole person almost collapsed to the ground.

Specialized variant esper!

In the Sun family, there were no more than three. Although Meng Tai and Cha Lu were slightly old and didn’t have any hope of improving, they were after all still specialized variant espers! And they weren’t any ordinary ones! How could they die in such a manner? Once he remembered Su Hao’s words, Sun Batian shivered profusely.

In the whole of Jianghe City, its population of a few hundred thousand, how many of them were specialized variant espers?

Specialized variant espers were extremely valuable!

“Video recording, produce me the video recording!” Sun Batian shouted furiously. Even when he was threatened by Su Hao, he hadn’t lost himself in such a manner.

After he saw the video recording, Sun BaTian fell silent.

Earlier, he had thought Su Hao was a lunatic who just wandered around with bombs on his back. Such people, once targeted for attack, that would be their escape route. Just now, he was still thinking how not to trigger that explosion and successfully kill Su Hao. But, when he saw the contents of the video recording, his heart went cold.

Su Hao was in the hospital, as naturally as if he was in his own home. Very skillfully and easily, within a short ten minutes, he killed two specialized variant espers.

Casually, without the slightest bit of fireworks, the two of them were squished to death like ants.

Although he took the opportunity of them being heavily injured and during the handover shift time in the hospital, it was Su Hao’s viciousness and the decisiveness of his actions that shocked him.

Blame Su Hao?

From the earlier negotiations, his hidden intentions were very clear. From today onwards there wouldn’t be any more interactions. Obviously, Su Hao had made earlier preparations for this. That was why his grasp of timing was so accurate.

Blame the hospital?

Although the Sun family was powerful, they were severely weakened from this battle. To provoke a richly backed First Central Hospital was pointless. Although victory was certain, the Sun family’s short end would be completely exposed and they would be completely swallowed by other powers who saw the opportunity.

Until they recovered back to their peak strength, the Sun family wouldn’t dare to do anything rash again.

Su Hao saw this clearly.

“Dong!”

Sun Batian sat down on the sofa, lying against the back weakly. It was as if he had grown older by a few decades. He was extremely exhausted. Even more, he felt a deep sense of helplessness. This was something he had not experienced for over ten years. And all of these started when he clashed with Su Hao.

The blue dream butterfly incident, causing the Sun family to suffer heavy losses.

And today, the deaths of two specialized variant espers had shaken the foundation of the Sun family all the more. After losing their two warriors, was the Sun family still qualified to remain as one of Jianghe City’s 4 giants?

“That time, I really should have killed him,” Sun Batian suddenly said.

Housekeeper Zhang’s heart tightened. He was still in astonished disbelief. What Sun Batian said, he naturally knew about it. Not long ago, he thought of letting Su Hao be Sun Yaotian’s stepping stone, to sharpen the young master, and that was why he had mercy on Su Hao.

But the result? The young master had become Su Hao’s stepping stone instead!

And when the Sun family moved against Su Hao, they had already lost their best opportunity!

Sun Batian’s sentence naturally meant that at the very beginning he should have killed Su Hao! Even if it would have offended Zhang Zhongtian, he should not have shown any hesitation!

But now, after the family had received his threats, Su Hao’s ferociousness, the experience and viciousness displayed to everyone for the first time, all these caused their hearts to be extremely frightened.

But the matter that caused Housekeeper Zhang to be most alarmed was Sun Batian... actually regretted!

As one of the 4 giants of Jianghe City, had Sun Batian ever shown regret before?

Even if he was wrong, he would persist in sticking to his path!

But today-

He regretted, frankly.

Sun Batian wanted to smoke a cigarette. The result was his hand slightly shivered and he didn’t manage to light it up the first few times.

Housekeeper Zhang’s nose was slightly sour. He quickly helped his master light the cigarette. Following Sun Batian for the most of his life, watching this old man in high spirits calmly control the lands of Jianghe City. When he faced the other giants, he wasn’t inferior. In fact, he was secretly the number one man of Jianghe City.

Since when had he seen this version of Sun Batian?

Slightly anxious, embarrassed, and impetuous; when the glory of being one of Jianghe City’s four giants disappeared, the Sun Batian before him was just an ordinary old man.

“Today I think it is better to rest early,” Housekeeper Zhang couldn’t help but say. Sun Batian silently nodded agreement.

“Hong!”

The villa’s huge door was opened suddenly. Sun Yaotian had returned in good spirits. When he walked into the hall and saw Sun Batian sitting there, the pleasure he had for himself immediately vanished, “Dad, as per your instructions, I have sent them back. That... weren’t you fighting against Su Hao, did you manage to kill him?”

Sun Batian raised his head and looked at him, his expression was slightly cold.

Sun Yaotian was slightly afraid and shrunk his neck, thinking that his dad might take him out again.

However at this moment, Sun Batian patted his shoulder, sighed, turned around and walked up the stairs. Sun Yaotian sighed in relief. Fortunately his dad didn’t teach him yet another lesson. As he saw Sun Batian climb up the stairs, he quietly asked Housekeeper Zhang. “Housekeeper Zhang, in the end, was Su Hao killed or not?”

Housekeeper Zhang felt slightly sorrowful.

For a legendary name like Sun Batian, why did he have such a son?

A father like him didn’t even have the strength to teach his son a lesson. It was obvious that he was already thoroughly disappointed, yet this young master still cared about whether Su Hao was killed or not?

Such a damn disappointment!

This was the very first time Housekeeper Zhang made such a judgment towards this young master.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0229 A Battle Between Hundreds of Cities!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0229 A Battle Between Hundreds of Cities!

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

“Hu~”

After Su Hao came out from the Sun family’s residence, he was finally able to completely relax.

Nailed it!

Today’s threats only had one purpose; to clearly inform Sun Batian that if he wanted to touch Su Hao, he would have to pay a huge price. He was like a small country with a nuclear bomb. He wasn’t strong, nor would he try to find trouble. However, if you tried to step on his tail, you definitely would not get away unscathed. (TL: sounds like NK to me!)

Su Hao’s strength wasn’t great.

However, his performance and means today clearly showed he possessed a nuclear warhead.

Later that night, Su Hao recalled everything that happened that day. Surprisingly, there were still some lingering fears. It all seemed to be pretty smooth, but just one wrong step and everything would have gone wrong. This confrontation also made Su Hao realize that Jianghe City’s giants weren’t really as strong as he had once imagined.

Provided he had the strength!

The conclusion to the negotiations between Su Hao and the Sun family was equivalent to signing a temporary cease fire. When the Sun family had enough strength, they definitely wouldn’t hesitate to make a move and reveal their fangs.

Of course, this also applied to Su Hao.

“Such a pity...” Su Hao looked at all the items in his hands, and sighed in regret. He really was eager to test out their power.

Unfortunately, once these items were used, most probably the death toll would exceed four figures. The Sun family might be wiped off the Earth, but the Origin Ability Association definitely wouldn’t sit still, and likely kill him promptly. Unless he was at the point of facing death, these items must not be used at all. Of course, the most important thing was... these weren’t his items to begin with.

If Zhang Zhongtian knew that Su Hao secretly took out all these babies of his that he had accumulated for more than ten years, just to make a bluff, he would definitely be enraged.

Returning to the pharmacy store, he found Zhang Zhongtian still immersed in his experiments in studying the enhanced version of the black market strengthening medicine. While he worked hard to create a new milestone in the pharmaceutical industry, Su Hao bringing along blue dream butterfly was like a little devil, quietly sneaking into the store and silently putting things back in place before he left.

The night in Jianghe City was now as quiet as ever.

Nobody truly knew and understood what had happened during that short night.

The following early morning...

Su Hao went to the studio and finally met his employer, Jin Cheng, from the Jin family of Jinhua City, a kindly-looking old man. He seemed gentle and well-mannered, but the assessment software revealed that he was a specialized variant esper. This startled Su Hao...were specialized variant espers a normal occurrence?

Jin family, specialized variant; these two points were important.

Based on his understanding of Jinhua City, it wasn’t the same Jinhua City that had existed before the 21st century. Jinhua City was built due to the presence of two huge family businesses. During the chaos of the origin ability era, the Jin family and Hua families rapidly rose to the top and established Jinhua City.

With both families marrying into one another, their relationship was so close that there was practically zero gap!

In this situation where there wasn’t any internal struggles, Jinhua City developed rapidly and soon became the strongest city in the area!

And the Jin family and Hua families were well-deserving bellwethers.

To some extent, they were one entity, the iron rulers of Jinhua City. Excluding the Origin Ability Association and some external forces, nobody was able to shake their position.

Because Jianghe City and Jinhua City were pretty close to each other, and there was a huge gap in their strengths, Jianghe City was something of a subordinate city to Jinhua City in some ways. This was also why when Jinhua City lacked an architect, the very first place they considered searching for manpower was Jianghe City.

After Lin Yue introduced both of them, they then went to the Origin Ability Firm to register the task.

After registering the task, the small group then took a flight out that same day to leave Jianghe City. As for Su Hao leaving Jianghe City for the first time, Lin Yue wasn’t worried much about it. He specifically accompanied Su Hao on the plane all the way to Jinhua City.

Su Hao naturally and readily accepted this. “In fact, if I ignore the gender issue, Lin Yue really has that big sister style of character.”

“Get lost!” was Lin Yue’s standard answer.

The plane flight went smoothly, being surrounded by a layer of origin energy shielding. Since the start of the era of origin ability, the natural accident rate of aircraft had dropped to nearly zero. With protection from origin energy, the plane’s safety was increased at least tenfold! Looking out through his window, Su Hao was somewhat amazed.

Jianghe City gradually turned smaller and smaller in his field of vision.

The city which pressured him so much, like a huge monster, had just turned into a small thing. The Sun family, the four giants, specialized variant espers; they were all just a small part of the huge planet, and not much worth mentioning.

Inexplicably, Su Hao had an insight.

Jianghe City was so small...

“What’re you thinking about?” Lin Yue asked as he felt something strange. “You feel strange because of your first time taking a plane?”

“A little bit,” Su Hao smiled. Feeling a bit puzzled, he then asked, “A suspension car seems to be quite fast. Why didn’t we use that instead?”

Lin Yue pursed his lips and laughed.

Jin Cheng also laughed when he heard this, “Su Hao, do you know why suspension cars can fly?”

“Huh?” Su Hao frowned, “Magnetic fields. Through the repulsion of magnetic fields, it can achieve a floating effect. Then, origin energy would be used as fuel to change directions...wrong, if it is magnetic fields, then two poles are needed for it to work...” Su Hao began to analyze as he frowned.

Lin Yue and Jin Cheng were all dumbfounded. Why didn’t they use a suspension car? In fact, it was a very silly yet amusing question. Later, when others explained it to them, only then did they know that how ignorant they were. Thinking of this, they felt embarrassed, too. Seeing Su Hao asking the same question, they felt better about themselves.

“Haha, Su Hao, actually...” Jin Cheng coughed for a moment before opening his mouth in satisfaction. “Underground magnetic field!”

Su Hao’s eyes lit up. At that moment he managed to solve the question. “If a suspension car has such a strong magnetic field, then below the city, there must be another huge magnetic field. A city contains such a field to be used as a driving force! That is why suspension cars are able to float in the sky!”

“Er...” Su Hao’s reaction was so quick, it took them off guard.

Jin Cheng was a bit depressed. But after hearing Su Hao’s reply, he was somehow a bit relieved, “Su Hao, you only know a part of it. As for the second half-”

“An origin ability magnetic field!” As if Su Hao hadn’t heard what Jin Cheng had said, he kept analyzing, “If the magnetic field covered the entire city, the city would be in chaos and affect everyone. This world would be a mess. Thus, the magnetic field was definitely not one which spread all the way to the surface, and using the concept of surface to point, achieved the effect of a point to point magnetic field!”

Jin Cheng and Lin Yue were both stunned.

They didn’t understand the point to point and surface to point thing, all they knew was that suspension cars could fly because of an origin energy magnetic field. Jin Cheng only casually mentioned a bit about it and Su Hao was already able to figure it all out. Such analytical ability really shocked them.

Still in his own world, Su Hao’s eyes were glittering. “The effect of a point to point magnetic field, only origin ability energy could achieve such a thing. Using origin energy to surround the magnetic field, and the same thing within the suspension car, covering the magnetic field with origin ability energy. When the point to point between these two spots are in contact, it would then let the car float in the sky. This should be the main mechanism of how suspension cars work.

“Having said that, when the car leaves the city, there won’t be any coverage from the underground origin magnetic field. That would be when the suspension car loses its role. Only normal means can be used to travel out of city. Coupled with the reality of being attacked by berserk beasts, the best transport for long distances would still be a plane!” Su Hao made his own conclusion.

Lun Yue rolled his eyes. Su Hao asked and answered the question himself, and what he deduced was more than what they knew. Thinking of the moment when they asked their friends about this matter, they felt sad. Was Su Hao too smart, or they were too retarded?

“Hai.” Jin Cheng was obviously experienced. Skillfully changing the topic, he said, “Su Hao, when you reach Jinhua City, you have to tone down your words. Although we Jin family and the Hua family are one, a lot of specialized variant espers will be participating. Those with bad characters naturally won’t be small in number.”

“How many will be there?” Su Hao asked, interested.

“There are 90 cities registered. At least one specialized variant esper will be representing each city. What do you think then?” Jin Cheng faintly sighed.

Ninety!

Su Hao’s face stiffened. At least one specialized variant esper from each city, there would be more than a hundred specialized variant espers this time? Specialized variant espers, just pick any one of them and they would be able to get rid of him easily. And now, with more than a hundred... this wasn’t mushrooms blooming anymore. This was even more than a mushroom field!

With more than a hundred at one place, was this a wholesale on espers?

At this moment, Su Hao finally realized how serious this problem was.

In Jianghe City, only a few powerful forces would have specialized variant espers. All added up, there weren’t many. This time, it would be a battle between countless cities. And some were even more powerful than Jianghe City.

Generally speaking, this was a battle between hundreds of cities!

The ruins would be the place for the battle. Even this time, with him acting as a spectator, it won’t be as easy as he had imagined. If he accidentally made a wrong move, he would be eradicated immediately.

Of course, this didn’t meant there weren’t any benefits...

Su Hao’s eyes brightened.

In Jianghe City, he would always had to take risks whenever he made a move, but now, in the ruins, things were different. Such a place...

Hehe...

“What’re you thinking of?” Lun Yue glanced at him weirdly, “If you think there are too many espers, you can cancel the task. After all, you still haven’t started it yet.”

Jin Cheng nodded, he was deep in thought.

To find someone with a weak mentality would only create more trouble.

“Nope, I just need to take a break,” Su Hao said indifferently. After finished his words, he then closed his eyes. Numerous scenes flashed within his mind as he began to calculate the gains and losses of this operation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0230 The Domineering Origin Ability Association
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0230 The Domineering Origin Ability Association

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

His model analysis was launched as he began to evaluate the operation this time. However, since that three star card was still not in his hand, Su Hao’s own way of deduction was too weak.

First prepared plan...

Second prepared plan...

Third prepared plan...

...

Su Hao didn’t hesitate to establish one plan by one plan. Then after undergoing lots of analysis, he then got rid of those unreasonable parts. Considering all the danger he might meet and the solutions in case he was in such situations, like boiling a snowball, analyzing layer by layer which caused his energy consumption to be larger.

His origin ability energy dropped at an incredible rate.

After a moment later...

“Shua!”

Light flashed within Su Hao’s eyes.

The initial deduction had reached the limit. With his current capability, if he is to analyze further down, his energy won’t be able to support. Before he mastered that three star card, he could only reach such a level.

“Weng...”

A slight vibration startled Su Hao’s mind.

His communication device rang.

However, it wasn’t the one on his wrist but the one in his backpack. The long-awaited task had finally arrived!

Leaving his seat to enter the bathroom, Su Hao then took out the Piao Ling Organization’s communication device.

__________________________________

Piao Ling Organization Assassination Task

Target: Jinhua City’s Jin family members, Jinhua City’s Hua family members.

Location: Ancient ruins

Task reward:

Jin family members, 100 killing points

Hua family members, 100 killing points

Specialized variant esper of the Jin and Hua family, 1000 killing points

______________________________________

“This is...” Su Hao’s pupil shrinked. Such a generous reward!

All these days, when he was bored, he did spend some time to understand further about this Piao Ling Organization. To some extent, killing points were even more precious that task points. And this time, the task reward was so generous, even more than the previous one.

Obviously, this was the all due to the strength of someone who wanted to get rid of the Jin and Hua family.

“Jin family...Hua family...”

Su Hao pondered for a moment. This time, what he accepted was a task issued by Jin family. He should be considered as one with Jin family. Under normal circumstances, if he saw such task, he should quickly warn the Jin family for them to be well prepared. Just like what he did with Chen family, but this time, Su Hao didn’t do this.

Instead, he chose, “Accept!”

Which fool won’t accept it?

Both the Jin and Hua family dead had nothing to do with him.

If they were in a chaotic fight, if he had the opportunity to get rid of one, then he could earn easily. If he didn’t have the chance, then he would just act along. After all, there won’t be anything for him to lose. For him, this task would make this trip much more worth it. Why wouldn’t he accept it?

In fact, if he accepted this task and was unable to kill even a single ordinary member of the family, he would lose his credibility, but it didn’t matter to Su Hao. Until now, he still didn’t know his position in the circle of killers.

Not to mention the credibility.

Su Hao accepted the task without any hesitation. It seemed that he didn’t realize that after confronting the Sun family a few times, he had begun to change from an inexperienced weak student into a decisive and vicious killer!

For this dark society, surprisingly, Su Hao was able to accept it.

“Even Piao Ling Organization had released this task...”

However, after accepting this task, Su Hao’s mind moved. This time, these ancient ruins, had attracted attention from many people. If the Piao Ling Organization already released the task, what about other places?

Su Hao quickly opened his school’s task panel.

Retrieving task related to ancient ruins, as he expected, nothing appeared.

The school’s main aim was to nurture its students. To release such a task to a student where specialized variant espers participate in, such a move was just like sending their students to deaths!

However, if the school didn’t have it, that didn’t mean that the Origin Ability Firm didn’t.

Su Hao quickly changed his target and after a search, a little message popped out, “Sorry, your origin ability is too low. You have no right to view this.”

Su Hao bitterly smiled.

After updating his origin ability to 16.1 points, he searched for it again. Interestingly, among the lists, he found out one small line of words.

“The following information is only available for those with 15 points and above in origin ability.”

So that was it!

Su Hao finally understood the intention. This was to prevent those hunters who tried to court their own death due to greed. Mankind’s greed is limitless. If this task was open to the public, perhaps even those hunters with less than 10 points in origin ability would rush there too, hoping for a chance to harvest something.

Shaking his head, Su Hao continued to read.

___________________

“Constructing blueprint.”

Task grade: Three star

Requirement: 15 points and above in origin ability

Description: The ancient ruins, due to the impact of origin storm, it then formed a new environment. Those who accept this task would go there and build a new blueprint for Origin Ability Association to contribute to the study. (All information about this task completion would be kept confidential. The submission of the blueprint will be all done via the Internet.)

Task reward: 10 million star dollar

Task publisher: Origin Ability Association

______________________

“A task to build a blueprint? Origin Ability Association?” Su Hao’s mind moved. He finally understood a bit.

Origin Ability Association must have been wanting to compare the blueprint of the ancient ruins before and after the origin ability storm and study the impact of the storm on its surroundings. As for the words inside the parentheses, it was even more interesting.

Such a sentence was obviously for the sake of the one who accepted the task.

Because under normal circumstances, to go to such a place for an adventure must not be leaked. To explore the ruins, it wasn’t an easy task. People who had worked hard to open new routes would definitely not be happy to see you selling off the information. If the identity of the one selling the blueprint was leaked out, won’t that attract hatred instead?

“This is interesting, this task fits my identity.”

“Accept!”

However, when Su Hao accepted it, he didn’t accept it with his own communication device but Dao Ba’s instead. In case if anything out of his expectation happens, at least he would be able to control the situation well. Anyways, everything was done through the Internet. Safe, reliable and hidden.

When he looked further down, Su Hao sprayed out a mouthful of blood.

Although Origin Ability Association won’t put those with ordinary skill in their eyes, never did he think that the gap between two was this huge!

_______________________

“Camouflage artifact purchase”

Task grade: Three star

Requirement: 15 points and above origin ability

Description: Unlimited purchase of camouflage artifacts. (Everything related to the task will be completely hidden and confidential. Task completion and delivery would be done via the Internet.)

Task reward: Every camouflage artifact would be paid 100 million star dollar.

Task publisher: Origin Ability Association

_________________________

100 million star dollar?

Unlimited purchase?

Origin Ability Association actually phrased it in such a way?

If 100 million star dollars could buy a camouflage artifact, how many powerful people would Jianghe City have? Then, previously they won’t be beaten into such a sorry state. All those people in the party, which one of them were not worth hundreds of millions of star dollars? On that day, only one camouflage artifact appeared, and it was in the hand of Chen Haonian.

Camouflage artifact wasn’t something which could be bought with money.

Whoever sold it for 100 million is truly a fool!

However, Su Hao felt that this task from Origin Ability Association was directed to those who had a camouflage artifact in their hands but for whatever reason, they were not able to dispose of the artifact. Especially at this moment, releasing such a task was like telling the public, “Look, make a move! Don’t be afraid to offend someone and not able to sell it! Find us, the Origin Ability Association, and you will be satisfied!”

This association was so cunning.

Su Hao wiped off his sweat and continued to read further.

_________________________

“Ancient ruins record”

Task grade: 3 star

Requirement: 15 points and above in origin ability

Description: Every adventure is a rare experience but also a rich one. Bring a silent exploration device along and capture every scene during the adventure, including each battle and confrontation. As one of the ancient ruins, it was worth to be recorded.

Task reward: 30 million star dollar

Publisher: Origin Ability Association

_____________________________

Damn!

Su Hao’s heart started beating fast. There was even such a task?

This silent exploration device, he was too familiar with it. That time when he was sprinting in the berserk beasts’ domain, he had used it once to show the real life situation to everyone. That was also used to have a better view of his sprint to earn more task points.

But in the ancient ruins...

This absolutely can’t be used!

Not only couldn’t he use it, he mustn’t allow others to use it! It was already an agreed rule that such a device is banned during a group exploration.

“This task is a joke, pass!”

After finished reading all the tasks, Su Hao then returned to his seat.

A moment later, the plane landed. There was someone from the Jin family came to the airport to pick them up. Lin Yue took another flight to return while Su Hao followed Jin Cheng and another member to the Jin family residence.

Jinhua City was huge, much larger than Jianghe City.

The degree of how bustling the city was, the quality of life was much better. The degree of luxury in Jin family as a leading family was needless to say. Su Hao lived with the Jin family for a few days. Everything was automatic with AI aid which made him felt like one from a village coming to a city for the first time.

A duration of two days, it was enough for him to return to his peak.

And at this time, people from all the other cities had arrived. All people who were eager and waited for a long time finally got ready and rushed to the ruins.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0231 Pathfinders!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0231 Pathfinders!

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

In the ancient ruins...

The calm for the past few days had already broken. The faces of those few guards who watched the main entrance were a bit pale. Occasionally there would be one or two specialized variant espers coming and having a look. But not like today! Today, there were actually a whole bunch of them!

Specialized variant espers!

Each and every one of them!

Every few minutes, there would be a wave of representatives from different cities coming in a team of two or three. One specialized variant esper, one deputy, and one more assistant. When all these forces arrived, they surprisingly didn’t cause any ruckus, but quietly selected a spot to wait.

The guards glanced at one another. Their eyes revealed a hint of excitement.

Such a huge scene; if they weren’t mistaken, today was the day for them to explore the ancient ruins! After being forced to guard this place for several days, finally now was the time!

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

Yet another explosion. A few phantoms flashed by. The representative of this city actually came with three specialized variant espers. Upon arrival, they were extremely arrogant and occupied the front spot forcefully, which annoyed quite a number of people.

If not because of the strength of Jinhua City, they would have started to fight by now.

Half an hour later, both the Jin and Hua families finally arrived.

As the hosts of hundreds of cities, no one doubted their strength. However, when they saw the representatives sent by both families, they were shocked. Wasn’t this a bit too much?

The families weren’t giving any face at all!

A total of twenty specialized variant espers!

Ten each from both families, when added up, it was a total of twenty specialized variant espers. And what was more horrifying was the strength of these people was no joke, and each had a solid foundation. All of them were veterans, there was not even one who had just broken through to that level. It was obvious that both families had carefully selected their representatives.

“F*ck, twenty specialized variant espers in total. Even the weakest one is third level!”

“Yeah, other cities’ representatives are only hovering around first and second level. Isn’t this a clear bullying?”

“Damn, look at the leader of the Hua family. Level five! With him alone, he could easily eradicate many of us at once. Such a shameless act, are they trying to hog the whole ruins for themselves?”

“As for the leader of Jin family, I can’t see through him. But from the look, it seems like he is at least level 5. That’s it, this time there is no hope for us.”

When both Jin and Hua families made their appearance, everyone was stunned.

Too formidable!

The strength of the top city was finally revealed!

So what if we impose quotas on you all? Do you have the ability to take it away? This clearly showed why Jinhua City was willing to open the ruins to other cities. They were trying not to look bad and showing some courtesy.

What made everyone rejoice was the most powerful one was only level 5.

Even among specialized variant espers, they were divided into many levels. Once one broke through into level six, most probably he could kill everyone on the spot immediately. Although both the Jin and Hua family were strong, that didn’t meant they were almighty and invincible. Soon, other cities began to form alliances.

With ninety cities added up together, there were a full two hundred specialized variant espers! Impressively, there were a total of three at level 5 among them. The one selected as the leader was impressively one of those reaching level 5. Coupled with their numerical advantage, this alliance somehow managed to step up on equal footing with the Jin and Hua families.

While the exploration of the ancient ruins hadn’t even started, the atmosphere had already dropped to freezing point.

“Everyone, welcome to Jinhua City.”

The leader of the Jin family stepped forward. He had an appearance of an ordinary middle-aged man, but his powerful aura was enough to stun everyone.

“As for the situation in the ancient ruins, I believe everyone knows about it and no more things need to be explained. The previous exploration caused me to suffer heavy losses. Thus, this time, I have invited a number of architects to help us. As for the job of finding the path, we will leave it to these pathfinders!”

“I agree.” The alliance had a discussion for a moment before their leader, Song Biao, came out with an answer.

“Great!” Jin Feng laughed in a cheerful manner, “If so, then I won’t add any nonsense. The ruins entrance is here. With these pathfinders, if there is any danger, how about leaving it to us?”

“Alright!” The crowd nodded in agreement.

Pathfinder...

Su Hao’s heart jumped. Following the team of the Jin family, he didn’t say anything, but silently listened to the conversation, capturing a trace of information.

Specialized variant espers actually were divided into levels.

From the whispers between the crowd, he easily obtained information regarding specialized variant espers.

To break through into specialized variant from beginner variant, you must first integrate your origin ability talent. The requirement for the integration was fighting technique 400 points, 400 points in physical fitness, and 20 points or more in origin ability. With these conditions fulfilled, you could try to integrate your origin ability talent. As for one succeeding or not, that would depend on one’s own strength.

After successfully integrating, you would become a specialized variant esper.

Specialized variant esper were divided according to level, from level one up to level nine. As for higher than that, Su Hao couldn’t analyze it since nobody here mentioned anything about it.

However, such information was enough for Su Hao to have a rough understanding of everyone’s strength here.

And now a new term came to his ears.

Pathfinder!

Based on the task given by the Jin family, he could generally guessed the job of these pathfinders. It seemed safe, but was actually the most dangerous one. Because while they were exploring for a path, obviously the pathfinders would be the ones walking in front. When anything happened, they had no one to protect them.

Sweeping off everyone, soon the results came out from the evaluation software.

Su Hao’s mind spun. Sure enough, because of the leaked news, basically every force brought along a pathfinder. A total of 92 pathfinders!

So many pathfinders, was he even required?

Su Hao was doubtful about this.

If it was an ordinary origin storm, these people would have been on a killing spree by now. Because of the danger in the ruins, they were acting cautiously for now. After both parties had discussions, they decided to share information. Based on respective path mileage, they would then try to match their data.

The so-called path mileage, was when the pathfinder detected origin whirlpool or danger in advance and had the espers get rid of the whirlpool and danger from a distance.

This was path mileage.

To put it plainly, after the pathfinding was completed, based on the amount of path mileage, the distribution of Nitai artifacts would then be done accordingly. Everyone looked at each other. Danger and opportunity coexisted at the same time. The higher the path mileage, the further the distance, the better the reward. This was common sense. (TL note: Decided to change camouflage artifacts to Nitai artifacts due to editor complaining it to be awkward)

When this idea was suggested, everyone agreed. The alliance who had one and a half more pathfinders obviously agreed with this suggestion. As for Jinhua City, they had long ago prepared for this. Of course they happily agreed to their own suggestion.

As for the results of the discussion, Su Hao didn’t really bother much.

His eyes were sweeping around the crowd. Using the assessment software, he picked out every specialized variant esper and then concentrated on the combat-weak pathfinders. Model analysis activated... character modeling... ability investigation...

Each of their ability talents and origin abilities were carved into Su Hao’s mind.

“Seem a bit too weak...”

After Su Hao glanced around, his brows furrowed. At first, he thought of getting a few new cards from them, but their origin abilities were surprisingly low, mostly below 10 points. As for those few who exceeded 10 points, there weren’t any good cards.

Bitterly smiling while shaking his head, Su Hao came to understand.

Any casual specialized variant esper would have easily got him a new card, but since their senses were so strong, unless they were focused on something else, Su Hao would definitely be found out. This time, he actually had this feeling of coming here for no harvest.

Damn it!

200 specialized variant espers around, yet I couldn’t find one with a card to read?

Shaking his head, just when he was about to give up, Su Hao was suddenly startled. Behind Song Biao, a young man was standing there. He looked imposing and had a good appearance. Of course, what was more important was the strength of this man was stronger than him, but had definitely not reached specialized variant esper yet.

“Here comes the opportunity!”

Su Hao’s mind churned. His model analysis subconsciously activated.

“Hong!”

What a surprise that his model analysis was forcefully interrupted! The young man’s eyes lit up and looked in the direction of Su Hao from a distance. The character modeling wasn’t even completed, and his plan was already noticed by the other party.

This man...

Su Hao was alarmed. Most people would have a vague understanding of model analysis. But this man’s reaction was so perfect that at the exact moment the character model was being built, it was ruined. As for the cards, naturally Su Hao couldn’t see them.

He was interrupted...

Su Hao’s eyes revealed astonishment...

Being discovered by another, he could still understand. A person who had much higher strength than him could easily detect him. But to be interrupted in such manner, it was his very first time. Just as his energy fluctuated and was about to touch the young man, it was instantly cut off!

Shua!

The young man directly stared at Su Hao, his eyes filled with an endless chill.

Su Hao had glanced over and felt a strong hostility.

With doubt in his eyes, Su Hao began to analyze what had happened just now. To cut off his model analysis, detect him, and show hostility to him, the identity of this young man was self-evident. He was a pathfinder who had mastered model analysis!

Su Hao’s mouth rose in a smile. This time, the journey would be very interesting.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0232 The Best Opportunity
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0232 The Best Opportunity

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

“Who wants to go first?” Jin Feng squinted his eyes as he asked.

“Let us start first.”

From the conversation, Song Biao knew that Jin family had already explored a few times. Not sharing any information with them, they could only helplessly ignore. After all, they hadn’t arrived at that time yet.

Hence, he felt that he would personally explore for a bit.

“Okay!”

Jin Feng smiled happily, he even gave way on his own initiative.

Song Biao looked at him suspiciously, then he said to his family’s pathfinder, “You go and have a look.”

“Okay!”

This pathfinder lifted his head and raised his chest high as he walked up. To be called first by his boss, that showed the trust the boss had for him. Feeling full of satisfaction, he walked to the entrance of the ruins. This pathfinder faced the entrance of the ruins, and directly used his origin ability energy, in an imposing and impressive manner he shouted, “Open!”

No reaction whatsoever.

The pathfinder’s face turned pale because he didn’t see any response.

“Open!” The pathfinder continued to shout, and his face grew even paler.

Song Biao stood at his original position as he waited for the good news, but after he saw the pathfinder’s face turn to be paler, he immediately sensed something bad, “How far is your exploration?”

The pathfinder’s face had already turned white as his head was full of sweat, “None, my origin ability response was blocked, totally unable to explore further.”

“What?”

Song Biao was shocked, “Change person!”

One minute later, a pathfinder whose face was pale came down. After ten minutes, a whole line of pathfinders lined up there with their faces pale. After half an hour, Song Biao’s face turned green. This ninety cities alliance actually only had five to six low-level architects who managed to explore for two-three meters. The rest were useless!

As he saw Jin Feng’s slightly interesting expression, Song Biao sneered.

This brat, sure enough, knew about this.

These ruins, only those who have model type origin ability talent can infiltrate. Other types of origin ability were totally not able to find out anything, Jin Feng was prepared to enjoy them being played a fool.

Unfortunately, his plans this time were about to fail.

This time they who come from Tianfeng City managed to obtain internal news in advance and had made preparations. Being the city that was second only to Jinhua City, Tianfeng City’s strength was also very strong. As of this point, it was clearly shown based on his ability as a level 5 specialized variant esper. For a once in a century opportunity, they had to fight for it!

“Heh heh, Brother Song, pathfinders are very crucial but seems like the preparations weren’t enough.”

Jin Feng smiled very happily.

One sentence was enough to gently caused the crowd from the alliance to be depressed. A city overpowered ninety other cities! Although Jinhua City was the host and was the top city out of hundreds, the gap, was too huge! The meaning of Jin Feng was obvious. Those who didn’t have strength, better not act like one.

“Really?” Song Biao declined to comment, “The exploration is not finished yet. Brother Jin, aren’t you slightly too pleased with yourselves.”

After finished speaking, Song Biao turned his head over, and spoke to the young man beside him and said, “Yao Haochen, you go and give it a try. Don’t embarrass us.”

The young man named Yao Haochen walked up. He looked quite handsome and had a strong build. His face was brimming with huge confidence. As they saw him walked to the ruins entrance, his right hand lightly pressed the ground. As his eyes had a flash of cold light, he immediately closed his eyes.

Jin Feng’s heart skipped. He looked at Song Biao’s smiling yet unsmiling expression and felt that something wasn’t quite right.

“Indeed it’s him!”

Su Hao’s face revealed a clear expression. The one called Yao Haochen was impressively the one who interrupted his model analysis. Looking at the man’s posture, he was actually analyzing the relic entrance.

“Quite interesting. Normally you would have the time to block my model analysis, but during the exploration to find a path, do you have the time?”

Su Hao sneered. When Yao Haochen was analyzing the landscape, his model analysis was immediately activated.

Whoosh!

Countless information and cards flashed in his mind. Su Hao’s expression changed slightly. One by one, familiar cards were mapped into his mind, he finally knew why they were so familiar.

Model analysis!

Yao Haochen’s ability was actually model analysis!

This was the very first time he had seen someone with the same origin ability, and it was so powerful! By merely making a deduction based on his cards, this person’s origin ability index was greater than his own! The origin ability assessment software was pointed at him as Yao Haochen’s detailed information was perfectly displayed.

Name: Yao Haochen

Origin ability talent: Model Analysis

Origin Ability, 20!

20 points!

Su Hao was shaken, this person’s ability...

His theoretical foundation was rather low, only 150 marks. When he saw when the points were last updated on the display screen, it was one year ago. This was the defect of the origin ability assessment software where the theoretical foundation points were only taken from the database. If the opponent didn’t update it, then the marks will remain the same.

Physical fitness 300 points.

Fighting technique 300 points.

Apart from these, his origin ability index was as high as 1250 points! As he saw that his own points were only 570 points, Su Hao shivered. The gap between their origin ability was actually quite huge. The strength that Yao Haochen possessed definitely shouldn’t be underestimated. For Su Hao knew the weakness of model analysis all too well.

Unless there was an appearance of a special card, if Su Hao wished to go to the next level, he dared not imagine how many years were needed for him to get there.

But this Yao Haochen, he actually used ordinary model analysis and forced himself to this level. The gap between him and this specialized variant esper was just a step, this was definitely horrifying! Without even being told, Su Hao knew this person definitely emphasized on his origin ability index and then proceeded to try breaking through into a specialized variant esper.

This person definitely wasn’t simple.

After Su Hao had made an evaluation on Yao Haochen, he became even more alert. However, while being alert, Su Hao became even more ecstatic because he suddenly discovered, these horrifying ability cards that Yao Haochen possessed, weren’t they be his perfect step ladders? For an origin ability index that was greater than his own, he saw various types of model ability cards that he had never seen before...

It simply was heaven’s greatest gift!

If it was not for the anxious atmosphere that reached its boiling point, Su Hao wished he could laugh hysterically at this moment. This was too good!

As he thought of making the next action, Yao Haochen had already withdrawn his ability with an expression full of confidence. At the same time, he also stared at Su Hao ferociously. As the two looked at each other, such a scene was so passionate and full of bromance.

Su Hao withdrew his greedy gaze and showed his poker face.

He was not in a rush. This ruins exploration had just begun. It was not necessarily to be exposed to danger by reading the card. During this journey, what he had most was time. As long as he could find an opportunity, heh heh. No matter how many card techniques you have, even if you are a specialized variant esper, as long as he was interested in the card, he would read them all!

Nobody knew Su Hao’s thoughts.

In reality, in the Jin family team of architects, his presence was very weak. If he didn’t say anything it was possible that no one knew of his existence.

The only thing that caught Su Hao’s attention, was the concern he had for Jin Cheng who was beside him.

This old man was already sixty years old. He was someone from the 1990s, that chaotic period. At this moment Jin Cheng noticed that Su Hao was staring profusely at Yao Haochen, immediately causing him to feel a sense of chill.

This guy, could it be...

“How is it?” Song Biao asked Yao Haochen.

Yao Haochen didn’t reply. Instead, he turned his virtual screen to public mode and easily outlined the route which was thirty meters in front of the ruins. Every road, every wall, every corner was included. The total number of the origin whirlpools that frightened people, were all identified one by one.

And, seeing Yao Haochen’s relaxed appearance, he wasn’t using his real strength at all.

Once marking was complete, Yao Haochen looked at Su Hao in the eye and revealed an intense warning expression. He coldly snorted before turning around and returned to his team. However, this action was seen by the people of Jinhua City as provocative! It infuriated Jin Feng. Damn, if it was normal times, I would have killed you with a slap!

Jin Feng turned his head and looked at his own assistant.

The assistant nodded with a bitter smile, signaling that Yao Haochen’s route map, was correct.

Jin Feng’s face immediately turned black.

The furthest the exploration of the both Jin and Hua families previously were only reaching twenty meters. Plus, due to the existence of the origin whirlpools, two specialized variant espers were killed.

He looked at Yao Haochen’s relaxed and pleased expression. Was the difference really that huge?

For model type, was it this casual?

Jin Feng put his gaze on his family’s own architects, “You all go and try.”

Him acting first without confronting the other party seemed to have broken the rules. However, Song Biao obviously didn’t mind. With an expression of wanting to watch a good show, the crowd put their gaze on the pathfinders that were brought by the Jin and Hua families.

A total of thirty six people.

It included most of Jinhua City and Jianghe City’s virtual model architects. This time both the two families of Jin and Hua were obviously upholding the fine tradition of spreading the net. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have picked a weakling like Su Hao.

In the light of Yao Haochen’s earlier performance, the group of pathfinders confidently went up and after a few minutes, all of their faces went black. Being slightly stronger than the alliance, the investigators that were intentionally invited by the two Jin and Hua families obviously could explore and identify routes. However, the gap of the exploration caused Jin Feng and his comrades to look very bad.

One meter...

One and a half meters...

Three meters...

One meter...

Two meters...

There was even one who could only obtain a third of a meter. A total of thirty six people, the average distance explored was actually only two meters! That was such a low figure that would cause people to boil in anger. And, with so many people, after completion of the exploration, they were all exhausted. Obviously, within a short period of time, they wouldn’t be able to explore.

F*ck!

Jin Feng couldn’t help but curse. A bunch of people went up, and they were all inferior to one member of the other family? Too useless! This action of his had tried to shame others but backfired causing him to be extremely embarrassed.

Su Hao’s face was very calm.

He saw the crowd from Jin and Hua family went up one by one. Squinting his eyes, he then analyzed the crowd’s abilities.

Earlier he again saw a person who had model analysis talent. But notoriously, this person’s origin ability was only 5 points. After exploring for three meters, he failed to continue further. The cards in his mind were even more pitiful. There wasn’t anything that was worth for Su Hao to read.

Very quickly, the pathfinders in front of him had all left.

Su Hao calmly walked towards the entrance of the ruins.

Raising his head, he noticed that Yao Haochen was looking towards him with a cold impassionate expression. Su Hao smiled indifferently. With his terrain modeling, he was confident that he would able to instantly destroy Yao Haochen’s confidence!

But as he was preparing to take action, Su Hao suddenly had a thought. To reveal his talent was inevitable, but how to reveal and how to obtain the biggest profit, that would be true skill. As long as he performed decently, the harvest of these ruins definitely would be beyond his imagination....

Subconsciously, Su Hao’s eyes squinted once again.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0233 Insane Feast
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0233 Insane Feast

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

“What’re you dreaming for, go faster...” Jin Cheng urged from behind.

“En,” Su Hao nodded. Sweeping across the crowd, he could clearly see the ridiculing faces of the people from the alliance. To be frank, the pathfinders from Jinhua City were really an embarrassment.

“This time, Jinhua City’s plan to shame us has backfired.”

“Hehe, a bunch of people adding up still couldn’t compete with one Yao Haochen. This time, as long as Yao Haochen performs as he always does, a large portion of the final harvest will belong to us.”

“But still, people still have the possibility of making a comeback. Isn’t there still one left?”

“He? You didn’t install assessment software? His origin ability is only 8 points, yet still dreaming to make a comeback? Are you trying to be a joke? If he could make a comeback, I will eat eat these leather shoes.”

“What? 8 points? I really didn’t pay much attention to this.”

As everyone was discussing amongst themselves, Su Hao stood there indifferently. His face was still the same. Occasionally there would be a trace of smile, as if he was mocking everyone.

“What ability does this kid have?” Jin Feng’s eyes lit up. To be so calm in front of such a large crowd, this kid’s attitude wasn’t bad.

“Model analysis,” Jin Cheng reported.

“O? It’s the same as Yao Haochen then?”

Jin Feng’s eyes shone. “This kid, although his origin ability is small, being a pathfinder with such ability talent is not bad. Yao Haochen is able to explore thirty meters with his 20 points origin ability. This kid with 8 points origin ability... he should be able to get ten meters for us, right?”

Jin Cheng was embarrassed.

How could it be calculated like this? If origin ability could be calculated with adding and subtracting, then everyone just needed to compare their origin ability points without doing anything else. Wouldn’t that be sufficient?

However, Su Hao was really looking forward to his performance. As long as he managed to get ten meters, just ten meters, even if they lost, the Jin and Hua families at least would be able to save some grace of their face.

“Hu~”

Su Hao took a deep breath. As his figure half squatted, he gently touched the ground.

Model analysis, start.

“Hong!”

A powerful energy fluctuated and momentarily spread to the surrounding. This time, Su Hao didn’t hide and even openly expanded the range.

At the same time, the energy fluctuation swept through everyone at the scene. Some espers in the scene had a change to their faces and almost made a move on the spot. However, thinking of Su Hao’s identity, they then relaxed.

He was a pathfinder.

His talent was model analysis.

This was an ability talent recognized by the public, used for assisting without any offense. It was exactly the same as Yao Haochen, but his performance was so different. Compared to quiet Yao Haochen during exploration, Su Hao’s usage was so rough with such outrageous energy fluctuation.

“Such a poor control of origin energy.”

“Yea, it is simply not in the same league as Yao Haochen. Such a huge movement, the consumption must be large, right? With only 8 points in origin ability, very soon his energy will be totally exhausted.”

“Yes, compared to Yao Haochen, there is a huge difference in realm.”

As everyone talked among themselves, both Jin and Hua families turned even darker. Even if they didn’t mention anything, both families could clearly see... such movement was too huge! Not to mention those specialized variant espers, even one of the pathfinders with 5 points in origin ability could sense the energy fluctuation too.

Yao Haochen revealed a disdainful look. At the beginning, he felt Su Hao’s aura and planned to make him his opponent. But when Su Hao started to use his ability, his face changed.

Such a shame!

To use model analysis in such a way, it was really a shame to the world of modeling!

Not far away, Jin Feng could only bitterly smile.

To expect a young man with 8 points in origin ability to make a comeback, indeed he thought too much...

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

Wave by wave of energy spread to the surroundings. Everyone looked at Su Hao’s crazy energy consumption with interest and guessed that he could hold on for a few more seconds. If they knew that all their cards were exposed to Su Hao at this moment, would they laugh?

Shua!

Shua!

One by one, each character appeared within his mind. With a combination of assessment software and model analysis, everyone’s strength was clearly visible in the eyes of Su Hao.

Three hundred people, two hundred were specialized variant espers!

As his model analysis scanned through them, most of specialized variant espers were able to prevent it from revealing anything. However, there were still ten of them being exposed by Su Hao due to their weaker talent and old age, even though they had reached specialized variant level.

Five percent results!

Out of two hundred specialized variant espers, only ten of them were able to be sourced for a model. Such a percentage was too low! Although he could build the model of these ten men, once Su Hao aimed at them, that energy fluctuation would expose him, causing them to attack him directly. Thus, whenever he met a specialized variant esper, Su Hao would always be depressed.

But today was an exception!

Wasn’t it easy to detect energy fluctuations? Then I will let you notice it. Exposing his terrifying energy fluctuation openly, causing everyone to be shocked. Under such circumstances, who would still dare to make a move on Su Hao?

Nobody!

Now that was the right move!

This ancient ruins with danger lurking from every side would be Su Hao’s insane feast!

Su Hao sneered as he established ten character models in his mind. The very next second, he had a quick look at the cards in the models.

From the aspect of origin ability, some had mastered the beginner origin transition technique, some had mastered the advanced origin transition technique. And what was amazing, there was actually one who had mastered a higher tier technique, beginner origin star technique! Origin star technique... Su Hao targeted this card and engraved it in his mind. Once he had completed his advanced origin transition technique, he would then be able to start this origin star technique!

As for talents, there were an abundance of cards, all kinds of strange and magical specialized techniques. Too bad, they had no relation to model analysis, so he could only watch.

As for origin techniques, the cards were not lacking. However, Su Hao regretted that these origin techniques were for their own talents. The one similar to Mountain Crashing was sadly not available. Being able to learn this technique from Cha Lu was just his luck.

After checking the strength of everyone, Su Hao finally made his decision.

Any normal skill, he would obtain from these specialized variant espers!

But skills related to his ability talent, he would obtain them from Yao Haochen!

After he finished his matter, it was time to concentrate on the job given by Jin family. Su Hao calculated for a bit before beginning his terrain modeling.

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

Strange lights flashed within Su Hao’s eyes. The surrounding scene, ruins entrance, ruins structure, every origin whirlpool was clearly visible.

Su Hao closed his eyes and began to sense the conditions here.

At this time, the crowd looked at him in surprise, “Damn, this man is no joke. With only 8 points in origin ability, he could persist for such a long time. Seems that he will be able to produce some results!”

“That is not something for sure. Just now wasn’t there one who could last for half an hour, but could only detect ahead five meters?”

“Oh, that’s true, too.”

“Hey, look. He can’t hold on anymore.”

From how the crowd looked, Su Hao persisted for a moment before finally admitting defeat. Watching him covered in sweat with a pale face, apparently his energy must be depleted completely.

All the pathfinders from Jinhua City were defeated by Yao Haocheng!

Su Hao’s body stumbled as he almost fell.

Jin Cheng quickly went and supported him, “Su Hao, how was it?”

“I’m alright. Just that my energy is depleted completely,” Su Hao replied with his somehow pale expression.

“Sigh, you’re too desperate.” Jin Cheng bitterly smiled, “Look at those few. Even if they only explored three to four meters, they still weren’t willing to use all their energy.”

Su Hao shook his head. “I don’t want to lose to them!”

Everyone from the alliance was stunned and burst into laughter. With courage, you need capability to prove yourself too, right? With just empty courage, it would still be useless.

“Well said.”Jin Feng coldly smiled and patted Su Hao’s shoulder, “No matter how many meters you explore, with that sentence earlier, I will cover for you, kid!”

Su Hao smiled indifferently. After connecting to his virtual screen, he then showed it to everyone.

Shua!

Numerous beautiful lines were drawn at this moment.

When everyone had a look, they were stunned!

“Damn!”

“Forget about the radius, he actually explored thirty-five meters!”

“This is madness! With only 8 points in origin ability, he could explore for such a distance. This young man has a very thorough understanding of his ability talent.”

“Yea, if only his energy control wasn’t weak with such huge fluctuations, perhaps he might have gone even further. Such a shame...”

The crowd was shocked. Jin Feng was obviously stunned before his eyes finally lit up, “You’re Su Hao, right? Nice! After this exploration finishes, follow me back to the Jin family. The Jin family will reward you handsomely.”

“Thanks a lot!” Su Hao smiled indifferently and looked at Yao Haochen.

Yao Haochen sneered, “Don’t be proud. I only used half of my ability. If I used every bit of my strength, at least I would reach fifty meters and above! As for you? Just thirty-five meters and you’re already tired like a dog. What qualification do you have to be arrogant?”

When everyone listened to him, they realized it, too.

When Yao Haochen explored, he was doing it casually. Although Su Hao seemed to be able to explore more, but it was obvious his strength compared to Yao Haochen was still miles apart.

“So what?” Su Hao seemed to be instigated by Yao Haochen as he pointed at him. “Anyway, my efficiency is higher than yours! Isn’t it just the energy consumption right? As long as I have energy recovery potions, recovering my energy is not a problem!”

Huh?

That was true, too!

Jin Feng’s eyes shone. It seemed he had been awakened and immediately patted Su Hao’s shoulder. “True, there is nothing to fear! As for this energy recovery potion, our Jin family is not lacking. Just say how much you need and we will provide it. You just have to concentrate on exploring.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0234 Death Event
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0234 Death Event

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: Fireclaws

“Really?” Su Hao was so excited that he almost trembled. With a look of disbelief, he looked at Jin Feng, “Jin... senior Jin, is what you said true?”

“Of course.” Jin Feng laughed out loud, “You’re opening the path for us, Jinhua City. Naturally, we will provide the energy recovery potions. The more you consume, indicates the longer you have explored. You don’t have to be reserved in using them, our Jin family can still afford the costs.”

“Heng!” Song Biao sneered, “Jin Feng, what you said sounds nice. But I don’t believe your Jin family brought that many energy recovery potions.”

As if looking at an idiot, Jin Feng looked at Song Biao and then silently opened his communication device, before clearing his throat. “Underlings of the Jin family, send me ten boxes of advanced energy recovery potions!”

Ka!

Everyone’s chin dropped.

Especially Song Biao, his face was very ugly. He had actually forgotten that this was the home of the Jin family. Behind them, they had an endless stream of resources. Although advanced energy recovery potions were expensive, compared to Nitai artifacts, they were worth nothing. That was why Jin Feng was so generous.

As for Su Hao...

He was totally dumbfounded.

He knew that Jin family would provide him with energy recovery potions, but he was still somewhat shocked by the figure that Jin Feng said. Damn, those were advanced energy recovery potions... not any mushroom on the roadside! Even at his master’s place, it was counted bottle by bottle, but this Jin family actually used boxes to determine the quantity!

Ten boxes!

Su Hao felt that his eyes had turned completely green.

“Heng, dishonest practice! Hope your ten boxes are enough!” Song Biao coldly smirked, “Let’s see whether your Jin and Hua family or our alliance will be the one that explores further. Men, open the path!”

Shua!

A few staff members took some tools and carefully walked up.

In accordance with Yao Haochen’s exploration map, they then walked towards the spot marked as having an energy whirlpool before slowly pointing their energy whirlpool absorber tools at the rock.

“Xiu!”

The staff members activated their tools, causing a flash of light to shine forth. The absorber tool flickered for a moment, as the screen on the tool instantly changed from zero to one.

The first energy whirlpool was successfully absorbed.

Once the energy whirlpool was absorbed from these rocks, only then did a few espers come forward and move the rocks away.

In a moment of effort, this road section was already cleared.

It was a clean procedure.

The remains of the ancient temples didn’t turn into complete ruins. After the intersection was opened, everyone was able to see the spacious temple corridor. Along the corridor were all sorts of ruined stones. The originally straight path now became crooked.

Everyone carefully walked along.

No matter how much bad blood was between them while they were outside, inside the ruins, everyone was calm and being cooperative. This was the ruin of an ancient temple, every step they took was dangerous. To create trouble here was just to court one’s own death!

Su Hao quietly followed everyone.

Because he consumed all his energy, Jin and Hua families gave the energy recovery potions on hand to him. Anyway, they had logistic support, so there wasn’t a need to worry about a consumption problem. Without any hesitation, Su Hao drank the entire bottle of energy recovery drug in his hand. Breakthrough!

Currently in his mind, there were two cards.

One of them was the most important three star card, beginner model deduction. Although these last few days he hadn’t had the time to read this card, due to the breakthrough that day, he had progressed more than seventy percent!

The other one was a two star card, advanced origin transition technique!

The cultivation technique which he obtained from Meng Tai; as long as he read this card completely, his origin ability would once again increase. Not to forget he had access to the next level of energy cultivation techniques.

Energy star technique!

From quantitative to qualitative change, he had been looking forward to this day!

Breakthrough!

Once the potion entered his body, origin energy began to madly flow within him. After all, this was an advanced energy recovery potion, the best recovery potion during the beginner variant stage.

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

Su Hao could even feel the fluctuation of energy within his body. Like waves hitting the beach, it kept spreading around his body.

Advanced energy transition technique, card reading!

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

Under the guidance of Su Hao, the waves began to launch a breakthrough! After all, this advanced energy transition technique was only a two star card. Su Hao had been completing the progress for quite some time now. Under the influence of the advanced energy recovery potion, very soon the progress would be complete.

Shua!

Completed!

“Hong!”

Countless amounts of information began to flow into his mind. They were all routes to train in the advanced energy transition technique... the method used by Meng Tai to train this technique, the experiences Meng Tai obtained while training this... scene by scene began to appear within Su Hao’s mind. This was all knowledge regarded as important for this technique after being sorted out.

Su Hao subconsciously began to train according to the route in his mind. The energy in his body began to flow. In a moment, the training was complete and the energy in his body soared! The volatility of his energy was about to spread, but luckily Su Hao was able to quickly suppress it out of fear of being noticed by others.

Hold it!

Suppress it!

Usually, when he had a breakthrough, it would be in his own house or dormitory. Right now, if he advanced here in the ruins, he would be in danger once his real strength was exposed.

Suppress!

Suppress!

F*ck, can’t hold it anymore!

Su Hao sweated like a pig. Without any hesitation, he used his energy to breakthrough this beginner model deduction, the three star card!

Breakthrough! Breakthrough! Breakthrough!

After a full five minutes, the surging energy within his body disappeared. The energy during breakthrough was so huge that he was nearly not able to hold it. Even so, Su Hao’s forehead was covered in layers of sweat.

“Hu~”

Su Hao gently exhaled and sighed in relief. This was so horrifying.

“Heng, heart like a rat!” Looking at his expression, Yao Haochen smirked. Everyone looked back and noticed Su Hao sweating like a pig. Beginning to ridicule him, they thought this young man who just entered the ruins was already scared to such level? What would happen when a battle happened here?

“You’re alright?” Jin Feng looked at him with some concern.

“I’m fine.” Su Hao shook his head, “Just that the air isn’t good. I’m just a bit not used to it.”

“En, if you’re fine, that’s great. Let’s move on!”

As the team continued to advance, the useless pathfinders were quickly eliminated. Those left were the ones with some capability. With dozens of pathfinders, they took turns to explore and open the paths as the team moved forward slowly. Whenever it was Su Hao’s or Yao Haochen’s turn, the speed forward would be greatly increased. Instantly, hundreds of meters were able to be explored. Just after it was Su Hao’s turn, when they were on the way to the innermost part, a mishap occurred.

“Hong!”

A huge explosion rang out.

A rock in front of a pathfinder suddenly burst apart. Strong energy began to disperse into the surrounding. The pathfinder and a specialized variant esper were swallowed together!

Both were dead instantly!

Everyone was stunned!

This was the first death since they entered, and it was two deaths at once.

“What happened?” Song Biao quickly asked. The ones who died were from the alliance.

“It should be an energy whirlpool which exploded,” a luckier pathfinder said fearfully. “It exploded when the pathfinder was exploring.”

“Damn it!” Song Biao cursed before looking at Yao Haochen, “Do you know what is happening?”

Yao Haochen pondered for a moment, “It must have been triggered when exploring. This wasn’t a problem with the pathfinder. Just that when we’re getting closer to the innermost ruins, the energy whirlpools became more unstable. With just a little fluctuation in its surroundings, problems would then occur.”

After he finished his sentence, everyone’s heart sank.

Even the explorers were in danger, was there any need for this team to continue the exploration? Out of this alliance, there really wasn’t any solution to solve this?

“Change people and try,” Song Biao asked another pathfinder to come forward. Just that, this time, everyone stepped back and nobody dared to come forward.

The pathfinder walked up trembling.

Shua!

Safe and sound!

“I succeeded!” The pathfinder was shocked and immediately outlined the next route that was three meters ahead before quickly retreating. Everyone sighed in relief. It seemed that the incident just now was just an accident. After clearing off the energy whirlpool, the team once again headed forward three meters. When it was the next pathfinder’s turn, the mishap happened again.

“Hong!”

Another energy whirlpool exploded!

What was more terrifying was when the energy whirlpool exploded, it also triggered another nearby energy whirlpool. When both whirlpools exploded at once, the force produced increased dramatically.

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

With a series of explosion, a few people who were close to the energy whirlpools were swallowed up by the blasts. The others who were nearby suffered serious injuries, too. When the explosion subdued, the death toll was impressively five people! And more than twenty people were injured.

In front of the energy whirlpools, even if you were a specialized variant esper, everything was still the same. As long as the energy whirlpool exploded directly in front of one, they would instantly die!

“This...” The crowd looked at the quiet temple corridor in front as if they were watching a devil.

Damn, they had only started the exploration!

The situation doesn’t seem to be right.

Su Hao raised his eyebrows. Just now, he even specifically had a closer look. The energy whirlpool here was very stable and definitely not as Yao Haochen described it to be. After the first explosion, he had been paying more attention to them. The second time the energy whirlpool exploded, it was very unexpected.

It was as if...someone purposely detonated it!

Purposely detonated?

Su Hao’s mind thinking. Thinking of the bullshit theory Yao Haochen came up with, he quietly shifted his gaze to Yao Haochen.

Could it be that this grandson had done something?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0235 Another Three Star Card!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0235 Another Three Star Card!

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

“Hong!”

A succession of explosions could be heard. Everyone’s face turned pale.

One by one, the pathfinders were killed on the spot. In just a blink, the total death of pathfinders had already exceeded ten people! This seemingly ordinary stone wall in front of them turned out to be a wall of death!

The pathfinders behind were so scared that nobody dared to go in front.

No matter how much Song Biao persuaded or even tried to cancel the task reward, the pathfinders insisted. What joke is this, just a touch and you’re dead! This wasn’t opening paths anymore, but paving the way with their own life! Who dared to step up!?

Sure enough!

Su Hao looked at this scene while deep in thought.

Basically, he could be sure that the death of these pathfinders were all the work of Yao Haochen.

When the general pathfinders stumbled upon an energy whirlpool, what they would see was a blank. Because energy whirlpools were a special existence, unless you could directly see the energy whirlpool, you wouldn’t be able to create a model of it. In the wall, the energy whirlpools were like an entity from a different world.

While the others were exploring, Su Hao noticed an inexplicable strange energy fluctuation and then locked on the energy whirlpool to create a model!

The result was self-evident, it exploded!

At that moment, Su Hao also had an epiphany. These pathfinders, they had to do nothing but to create a model of the energy whirlpool. Wasn’t that just courting their own deaths? After such occurrences happened many times, he was doubtful if when the pathfinders explored, they had accidentally created a model of the energy whirlpool? Were they all killed because of their weak control?

But soon, Su Hao noticed one thing.

Each time the energy whirlpool detonated, he would feel a familiar aura from Yao Haochen. That was the aura when model analysis activated. If Yao Haochen could feel him making a move and forcefully cut him off, then wouldn’t he feel Yao Haochen’s own move, then? Ridiculous!

The only thing which puzzled Su Hao was that action.

How did Yao Haochen detonate the energy whirlpool, then? He had already tried just now. But unfortunately, he couldn’t see anything. The energy whirlpool was hiding in the wall, but because of its special characteristics, when he tried to construct a model, what appeared was just a blank, which was how the energy whirlpools were detected and marked.

Unless you directly saw an energy whirlpool, you wouldn’t be able to create a model of it!

If he couldn’t see it, how could he create a model, then?

Hold on...

Su Hao’s eyes suddenly lit up, he thought of one matter. If he couldn’t see it, then these pathfinders definitely wouldn’t be able to see, either! They simply couldn’t detect the energy whirlpool except as a blank. As long as they marked out the blank spots, that would be where the energy whirlpool located. In that case, who would be the one locking the position of the energy whirlpool?

For that purpose, the only one who was stronger than him here was the one and only Yao Haochen!

All his doubts fell on Yao Haochen. Su Hao was pretty sure Yao Haochen was the culprit. He must have mastered some kind of technique to detonate energy whirlpools and was using it to kill others. In order to prevent doubt, he would make a move regardless of friend or foe.

Whether it was the alliance or Jinhua City, all the pathfinders were tragically killed at his hands. If he killed the other pathfinders, then nobody would be able to threaten his position!

This guy had such a huge ambition!

Was this his own idea, or Song Biao’s?

Su Hao looked calm.

Unfortunately, at this time, Yao Haochen eyed on him, “Su Hao, your strength isn’t bad. Don’t you want to try?”

With that sentence, everyone looked over.

Yea, those pathfinders’ strengths were weak. Su Hao’s performance was pretty good. Perhaps he could dodge those energy whirlpools?

“Why don’t you go and try?” Jin Feng said hesitantly.

Su Hao’s eyes flashed with a cold light. Yao Haochen, at first I thought of letting you off but since you’re knocking on my door, then don’t blame me for being ruthless! However, it would be a waste to let you die before getting all the benefits!

“Yao Haochen, you’re afraid to go and then urge me? My origin ability is only 8 points, yet you have 20 points. You’re afraid to go and want us to be sent to death, hehe! Such a mindset is too impure!” Su Hao smirked.

With a sentence, the limelight was pushed back to Yao Haochen.

“Heng, who said that I don’t dare?” Yao Haochen seemed to have already prepared and came forward without hesitation. Glancing at everyone indifferently, “Since I have accepted the money, of course I will fulfil my job. Seeing that nobody dares to step forward, then I will go!”

Song Biao glanced at him and sighed, “Be careful.”

“Alright.” Yao Haochen was showing a look of integrity. “You all back down first so that nothing will happen to you guys.”

Everyone looked at him gratefully.

“Open!” Yao Haochen carefully looked at the wall in front and then closed his eyes. A trace of energy fluctuations spread to the surroundings.

Everyone was watching Yao Haochen closely and didn’t take it easy for a single second.

Su Hao secretly sneered. This was the moment he was waiting for!

Model analysis, start!

Character modeling!

Shua!

A character model of Yao Haochen appeared within Su Hao’s mind. Card by card began to appear. The very next second, Su Hao focused his target at those cards for model type.

Image analysis!

Plane origin refinement!

Model range expansion!

There were a total of three!

Su Hao was shocked. Indeed worthy of being a pathfinder with 20 points in origin ability! What was more interesting was that these cards were all cultivation techniques, not origin techniques! Based on Su Hao’s own understanding, cultivation techniques were all about the inner body, but origin techniques were about body movement!

It was easy to understand.

Forget about its usage, let’s just create a model of the card first.

Su Hao gently shook his head. With energy flowing through his body, the very next second, he locked onto the cards and began to crazily read them.

“Card selection completed... image analysis... card model analyzing... card model establishing... card model completed!”

_________________________

Name: Image Analysis

Rating: 2 star

Description: A derived skill of model analysis. Greatly enhances the special factor of efficiency when capturing a picture. Models created will be even more realistic and have increased visual detail. Reduces modeling energy consumption and improves modeling efficiency.

___________________

“Card selection completed... plane energy refinement... card model analyzing... card model establishing... card model completed!”

________________________

Name: Plane Energy Refinement

Rating: 2 star

Description: A derived skill of model analysis. After completing the mastery, you can easily change a 3D model into 2D. To a certain extent, 2D views are more accurate than 3D. P.S: This is suitable for a pathfinder, architects please choose wisely.

_______________________

“Card selection completed... model range expansion... card model analyzing... card model establishing... card model completed!”

_______________________

Name: Model Range Expansion

Rating: 3 star

Description: A derived skill of model analysis. Improves the great defect in model analysis. After complete mastery, the model range expands from what is seen by the eye and is upgraded into every area covered by your origin energy! As long as your energy can scan the area, a model can be established!

______________________

Three cards, the first two, Su Hao was still a bit foggy about them. But when the third card appeared, Su Hao was stunned.

Three star card!

Yet another three star card!

This model range expansion seemed to be more intuitive than beginner model deduction. As described by the card, it improved the greatest flaw of model analysis! Only by looking at real life objects could he currently create a model. This was what depressed Su Hao so many times.

But if he learned this card...

Any model could be built!

If his energy was sufficient, when he used life detection, all character models around him would appear in his mind. Who owned what cards with what kind of ability, he would know them all! When he created a model of others, he could be even more hidden!

The three cards were completely established.

Within his mind, three gray cards appeared. Su Hao was excited. Seeing Yao Haochen still had a few cards left, just when he was about to read them all, Yao Haochen’s squatting position suddenly changed as he stood up.

Shua!

Su Hao instantly recovered back his energy.

At this moment, regarding the doubts of energy whirlpool, they were all about Yao Haochen. Using the tremendous advantage of his model range expansion, he easily separated the wall layer by layer. Silently creating the models of the energy whirlpools, he then detonated them.

Ruthless!

Ambitious!

This was Su Hao’s evaluation about him.

Shua!

Shua!

As Yao Haochen stood up, he easily outlined the path twenty meters ahead. Every energy whirlpool was successfully marked out accurately. It seemed that he had achieved the first rank among pathfinders. The crowd looked at him with eyes of praise and admiration.

After countless deaths where Su Hao didn’t dare to step up, Yao Haochen became a hero and managed to explore twenty more meters. Compared to him, the other pathfinders were too weak.

Yao Haochen smiled. Obviously he was satisfied with his performance.

As everyone was looking up at him, Yao Haochen glanced at Su Hao. He felt strange. Why was it when he was creating a model, Su Hao’s energy would swept over him? With the same model analysis, he naturally knew about the aura. Just that...

Why?

Why did Su Hao use model analysis on him? Perhaps it was some kind of special origin technique? He had never heard of model analysis having any godly technique.

His thoughts moved. Looking at Su Hao again, he made a silent decision.

Don’t kill him first. I will only decide that after I interrogate him.

The poor Yao Haochen obviously didn’t know that while he was still clueless about Su Hao, all his abilities and techniques were all being revealed by Su Hao cleanly...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0236 A Hardworking Young Man
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 0236 A Hardworking Young Man

Translator: Yorasu | Editor: RED

After Yao Haochen had settled the problem, the team continued to move on.

The corridor of the temple seemed to go back to normal after the incident. All the explorations by the pathfinders returned back to normal. Everyone was relaxed after knowing that such incidents seemed to be just accidents. If there were such incidents again, Yao Haochen should be able to handle it.

There were two more times such incidents happened halfway.

Without exception, all the incidents were due to sudden explosions of energy whirlpools. While everyone had no idea of what to do, Yao Haochen saved everyone from the dangers and enjoyed the admiration of the crowd. Without a doubt, this was all just a drama directed by Yao Haochen himself.

Should I expose him?

Su Hao considered carefully, but still he decided not to expose the acting.

It was important to be faithful after getting benefits from one.

How could he expose Yao Haochen after getting so many benefits from him? While Yao Haochen gained prestige from saving everyone from danger, Su Hao quietly got another new card, advanced origin control!

Su Hao himself was at the level of intermediate origin control, 70 points of origin energy!

If he was able to master advanced origin control, he could improve himself to 100 points. Although it was only 30 points of improvement, as long as the skill managed to reduce the consumption of energy, it would be a good cultivation technique!

Meanwhile, Su Hao reexamined his own ability.

He had five cards in his body now.

Plane origin refinement, 2 star card, progress 0%.

Advance origin control, 2 star card, progress 0%.

Image analysis, 2 star card, progress 0%.

Model range expansion, 3 star card, progress 0%.

Beginner model deduction,3 star card, progress 78%.

Theoretically, the 3 star card ‘beginner model deduction’ would be the optimal choice.

However, Su Hao decided to put all his energy into the other 3 star card, model range expansion, after considering several factors.

Beginner model deduction was a cultivation technique; it was more about deduction after analysis and calculation.

It would only be useful after it was mastered completely. There would be a great improvement in both combat and deduction by then. However, he needed time! Hence, beginner model deduction was barely useful in these ancient ruins.

In contrast, intuitive cultivation techniques like model range expansion could improve his ability significantly!

Upon finishing reading this card, he could improve through trial and error on the spot. The most important thing was that Su Hao already had an idea on how he should apply the use of this model range expansion. Was a huge energy consumption needed for a 3 star card? Indeed. However, under the full support of Jin’s family, the energy needed to do so was not a problem anymore.

It was his best opportunity right now.

Explore -- consume potion -- card reading -- explore, Su Hao repeated the steps continuously. There were 10 boxes of advanced energy recovery potions standing by the side. Due to the unlimited support by Jin’s family, he started to consume them while neglecting the risks. The progress of the this three star card increased rapidly under such efficient supply.

It was at a speed which Su Hao couldn’t even believe himself.

5%...

10%...

20%...

...

Su Hao was fully immersed in reading the card.

The dangerous relic ruins were a perfect training spot for Su Hao right now.

However, the perspective of others was totally different then Su Hao.

In other’s perspectives, Su Hao was exploring the topography very seriously. Upon finishing all energy, he would return to the team with a pale face, recharge his energy and get ready for his turn again. He was just repeating it quietly without a single complaint.

“Such a wonderful young man!” Jin Feng praised Su Hao for his hard work and never raising a single complaint. He gained high praise from the top figures of both the Jin and Hua families. The only thing that distressed them was the consumption of advanced energy recovery potions. A box of them was finished in a blink. That was a huge consumption!

Usually, a bottle of the potion could fully recharge one’s energy. However, Su Hao consumed a few bottles at once. Indeed his energy consumption was extremely high! If they couldn’t get a Nitai artifact this time, the expenditure for advanced energy recovery potions alone would be an astronomical figure!

“Hong!”

A piece of wall exploded. There was a new route created out of the temple’s corridor. However, there was only a dark entrance behind the wall. A cold breeze blew out from the dark entrance, causing everyone to shiver.

“It was so cold!”

“Yea! Super-duper cold!”

“Wait, a cold breeze?”

Everyone was awakened with great excitement in their eyes. It was absolutely abnormal that there was a cold breeze blowing out from the endless ancient ruins.

“Be careful!”

“Get ready for a fight!”

Everyone was nervous and getting alert. Although there were plenty of espers at the specialized variant level, all of them were alertly staring at the dark entrance. A few specialized variant espers who were good at defense carefully stepped into the entrance. After ensuring it was safe, others followed along.

As a few lights were turned on, everything was made clear inside.

It was a temple! There were countless temples inside the ancient ruins, and finally the team was able to step into one of them. The temple was spacious and able to accommodate the more than two hundred people in the team without feeling crowded.

The reflection of the lights made the temple even more magnificent.

“It is so beautiful!”

“Yes, it is indeed an ancient ruins. Not mentioning its actual value, those antiquities are only able be seen in the movies!”

“For sure it will be worth it to bring all these back!”

Everyone was discussing with one another while Jin Feng and Song Biao looked at each other, feeling there was something wrong.

It was too abnormal!

The whole relic had turned into ruins, yet this place was still well preserved. For sure something was wrong here. However, the two of them eventually thought of something else, showing great excitement in their eyes. There was only one possibility for this place being so well preserved; there must be a Nitai artifact here!

Soon, everyone was able to realize the same thing. They were aggressively looking around for unique items within the temple.

Who knows, there might be a Nitai artifact!

No matter how powerful a person was, they would be greedy for such a powerful weapon! With a Nitai weapon, one would be able to kill an enemy who was higher level than themselves with ease.

While everyone was seeking around excitingly, Su Hao was standing alone at his initial position, consuming potions bottle by bottle, recovering the energy in his body. By noticing that, the other espers felt pity for Su Hao.

“Hey Su Hao, why don’t you give a try seeking a Nitai artifact?” Jin Feng asked with a smile.

Su Hao shook his head gently and said, “I am not a profession for combat, it has no use for me. My job is to create a path for you all, naturally I have to do it seriously.”

“Good!” Jin Feng praised, “There are rarely any young men like you nowadays.”

Su Hao scratched his head shyly.

Rare?

He wanted to take it, but could he? All these grandsons had already decided on how to allocate their rewards. Even if there were people who luckily found Nitai artifacts, eventually they would still have to give them to the big forces. So, rather than becoming free labor for others, why not rush his progress for this 3 star card?

To be frank, the Jin family really had such generous resources.

Shortly, the 3 star model range expansion card was almost half completed. Soon, it would be complete. After that, Su Hao would become even more powerful. Meanwhile, the dangers at this place had nothing to do with him.

“Ah———”

While Su Hao was doing planning for himself, a sudden scream came from the other side, causing everyone to freeze on the spot.

A specialized variant esper was killed by a bronze hand that punched through his chest before he was even able to show his strength. A bronze figure dropped down from the sky and stared at everyone with an endlessly murderous look!

It was a bronze Buddha statue.

It had a weird face and its body was made of bronze. Impressively it was the arhat style which usually could only be seen in a temple. However, such things were already extinct since the era of origin ability and only occasionally appeared in some ancient ruins. Everyone was shocked when it appeared.

“What... what the heck is this?”

“Nitai artifact?”

“No idea...”

Everyone took one step back in fright. The excitement of discovering a Nitai artifact had fully gone. An ancient Buddha statue normally wasn’t scary, but that wasn’t true when it was alive!

“Kacha!”

“Kacha!”

The bronze arhat that was initially sitting started to slowly stand up!

A powerful wave of energy exploded from its body, striking towards everyone. The crowd was shocked; such a powerful attack, for sure it was at least at least as strong as a level 3 specialized variant!

No wonder it could kill a specialized variant level 2 esper right on the spot!

The strong wave of power caused Su Hao to feel stuffiness in his chest. Jin Feng immediately stood in front of Su Hao to block up the attack done by the bronze arhat.

“Don’t look at it, be careful.”

“Okay.” Su Hao quietly moved backward.

Looking at the people from the Jin family who protected him in front, he felt weird. Such a situation made him feel that he was in a premier vacation team... The identity as a pathfinder was so perfect that its role was finally shown right now.

“Hong!”

A level 4 specialized variant esper from the alliance joined the battle. His body moved swiftly and punched hard on the bronze arhat. The bronze arhat was defeated and turned into a pile of rubble.

“Heng, easy.”

The level 4 specialized variant esper sneered. However a moment later, his face turned gloomy after glancing around.

The ground surrounding the team started to shake. More and more bronze buddha statues slowly emerged from the surrounding. The buddha statues all had various face expressions, such as ferocious, anger, or happiness. No matter what expression they had, all of them were full of killing intent.