

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 1 - 1: The Beginning
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"My name is Kyle and what can I say? My life is the definition of shit…" A man standing at the edge of a bridge typed his final message on his phone.

There was no doubt that this was a suicide letter but the question was, what led Kyle to the decision to end it all?

-

"Damn it! Another shift!?" A young man cussed out, he had green eyes but there was no life left in them but that was to be expected working an extra shift in a minimum wage paid job.

There was no doubt that this job was taking a toll on his body but he understood that this was something that he couldn't escape, unfortunately.

"Kyle, the boss wants you to close up!" Another employer said but Kyle was already lost in his head, regretting the choices he made to land him at this point of his life.

"I will be going! Don't stay too late…" The man cracked a joke that Kyle didn't find funny.

Kyle couldn't complain because he was the one who asked for extra shifts to be given to him as he needed all the money he could muster.

Kyle thought about returning to school to complete his education and increase his chances of having a decent life even though he was in his mid-twenties.

The sun was nowhere to be seen as it was well into the night, Kyle sighed in defeat but the thing about his store was that they rarely even had customers and it would only be a matter of time before it went bust.

Kyle lived in one of the busiest cities in the United States and that was Los Angeles, the place where stars resided and that meant that the cost of living was exceptionally high.

It would be a miracle to see anything of real value around without breaking the bank, it wasn't designed for the average man.

Kyle sat and just stared blankly at the door, he momentarily thought about a bullet flying in and putting an end to his miserable life but the cackling thunder in the distance brought him back to reality as his thoughts were already entering dangerous territory.

Before he knew it, rain began to pour outside and Kyle realized at that moment that he had forgotten his umbrella at home.

The moment he realized this, he just began to laugh at how ridiculous fate had it out for him.

This had to be something supernatural, there was no other explanation at this point.

"Zeus! Is that how you face me!" Kyle shouted at the top of his lungs referencing one of his favourite games but during his shouting, a customer walked in.

Kyle immediately shut his mouth as his eyes settled on the person who had walked in.

She was drenched from head to toe and most likely entered the shop for shelter however Kyle was amazed by how stunning she looked.

She could be a supermodel but considering this was Los Angeles, there was a chance she probably was.

Kyle's eyes couldn't help but trace her figure in the body-hugging black dress she had on that left just enough space to let her cleavage out, she stood at the door without even acknowledging him.

Kyle didn't expect much from her because this was his reality, no one ever took him seriously especially beautiful women.

He was tempted to ask her to get the fuck out, the camera in the shops wasn't working but his boss left it there so it would deter theft.

But before he could speak, she began to walk around the shop like she got the memo.

She began to walk around the shop but all Kyle saw was more work because each step she took, dirtied the floor.

He was already overstimulated and knew that his breaking point was just around the corner.

The lady walked through the aisle but she came out with a bunch of snacks and a pack of cigarettes that didn't even cost up to $15 but that was a decent amount.

Kyle didn't notice the bag hanging from her shoulder was a Louis Vuitton, this cost more than what he made in a lifetime but this was mainly because of the angle at which the label was tilted.

"That will be $15.56, ma'am," Kyle tried his best to give her the necessary respect a customer was entitled to.

"Here…" The lady handed him a card but the perfume that oozed from her body was alluring, it felt like she put Kyle under a momentary spell.

There was this look of disgust on her face because she caught Kyle sneaking a peak at her chest but who could blame him, it was right in his face.

Kyle quickly collected the card and swiped it, it was normal that people didn't carry cash around with them.

Kyle handed her back her card but he knew that she wasn't going anywhere, the fact that they had yet to restock their umbrella section meant that they both had no choice but to stay here.

"Um… Do you need a chair?" Kyle tried to be polite but immediately regretted it as she glared at him like it was forbidden to speak to her.

She brought out a cigarette but it was forbidden to smoke here and Kyle wasn't about to let her have her way. It was clear that she was used to having her way as she lacked respect.

"You can't smoke in here, ma'am. I am afraid you will have to go outside for that," Kyle instructed her, pointing to the bold sign that clearly showed that smoking was prohibited.

But this was the single moment that ultimately shaped Kyle's life.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 2 - 2: Troublesome Customer
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The rest of the night passed by in a blur and Kyle found himself back home wondering what the deal with the lady he encountered in the shop was.

People in Los Angeles were typically disrespectful but not only did she make a mess of the shop with her wet clothes and muddy shoes, she was rude at that.

Kyle didn't understand why it was so hard for people to be kind but he didn't care much as long as they didn't bother him like this lady did.

She walked out of the shop after receiving a call soon after he forbade her from smoking but something told him that she would have done whatever she wanted either way.

In hindsight, if it was anyone of prominent stature then he would be in trouble even if he was in the right as the store owner would most likely side with them.

Celebrities were everywhere in this city and they always got preferential treatment but with so many upcoming people in the industry, it was impossible to keep track.

Kyle didn't understand the worship but once again, as long as his bills were paid.

He didn't care about anything outside of his immediate sphere.

The one-bedroom flat he lived in barely had any furniture, just a chair and a table with an old TV hung on the wall.

It wasn't like he was getting any coochie so there was no point spending more money than needed as he didn't even have time to have a social life.

Kyle heard his stomach rumbling like an earthquake was about to tear it down and at that moment, he realized that he hadn't gotten dinner.

He was supposed to pick up leftovers at a discount from the restaurant, they did this for meals that weren't touched or barely eaten.

It was against restaurant policy but Kyle used the neat old "it is for my dog" trick to escape judgment.

The fact that they resold it to him, however, was strange but Kyle didn't complain because he knew the cost of these things.

"Fucking hell… Universe 7. Kyle 0," Kyle said under his breath as he unwillingly took himself to his fridge but he already knew that there was nothing there to eat.

He just opened it and stared at it, all there was milk that he didn't even know was good or not with leftover food that wasn't suitable for human consumption.

"You do only live once…" Kyle thought to himself, weighing the option before him before quickly pushing the idea out of his head.

"I guess no dinner tonight…" Kyle muttered to himself in defeat, dragging his feet across the floor as he crashed into his bed.

But his phone buzzed, Kyle already knew who it was as he didn't have anyone that check up on him.

He had no friends and just as he thought, it was his landlord threatening to evict him if he failed to pay rent this week.

Kyle couldn't be mad at Mr Jones, he was a kind man that has been understanding of his situation and even waved a few payments but he wasn't running a charity, he was running a business.

Kyle was living paycheck to paycheck, if he missed a month's paycheck, he had no idea what he would do if he lost his job but the good thing about the life he lived was that nobody would miss him or even notice if he suddenly disappeared.

Kyle slept on an empty stomach because he knew that he would rectify this dilemma tomorrow.

-

The night passed by in a blur and Kyle was ready on time, he wasn't looking forward to this but he needed all the shifts he could get. Each day he lived, it felt like something inside of him died.

He lost the ability to feel shame, he would do everything in his power to make money even if it meant walking down the street butt-naked.

Kyle walked to work but this time, he made sure to carry his umbrella to avoid another mishap.

His place of work was a few minutes from where he lived, the bustling street of Los Angeles never slept.

"Hi Kyle, you're in early today," One of his coworkers greeted him, he was a young college student with everything to live for but even with that, he was getting paid more than Kyle due to his looks.

His presence alone brought certain customers because he was attractive and was good with his words so women kept returning to have a go at him with his wavy blonde hair dangling just above his shoulder with his ocean blue eyes making a certain place rather wet, it was no wonder he was an eye candy.

Sex appeal was something that has always sold, be it in commercials or movies, attractive people had advantages that average-looking people couldn't even dream of having.

Kyle didn't particularly care about him because he was a part-timer but he always had one question, why did he choose to work here?

The day progressed as it normally did with Nate ending his shift by noon and heading out but with the lack of customers the store generally had, the man had to cut corners in terms of labour meaning that it was Kyle who was going to be in the shop for the rest of day.

But his day was about to take an unexpected turn, a man opened the door for a lady to walk in, and Kyle instantly recognized her as the lady from the night before but the man that held the door was huge.

It looked like he was some sort of bodyguard and Kyle immediately tightened up.

"Hello, can I help you with some-!" Kyle was shut down when the lady screamed at the top of her lungs.

"I WANT TO SEE THE MANAGER!" She screamed and this startled Kyle, he had to take a step back because he found this situation threatening.

The man that held the door soon joined her but before things could escalate, the manager came from his office. And Kyle instantly knew that he might be in trouble, he was right.

"Calista Wave!?" Mr. Ryder was a bit too excited but Kyle understood that this woman was someone famous but for what? Being a bitch?

Mr. Ryder was a divorced man in his late forties that almost got wrecked by his last marriage but he was standing at 4' 11 as opposed to Kyle, who was standing at 6' 0.

Calista rolled her eyes at the attention she got, in reality, Calista was a small-town actress who gained a little popularity due to a nude scene in a low-budget film that didn't even make it to the cinema.

One could liken it to softcore porn but it said a lot about Mr. Ryder that he knew who she was but who could blame him?

He was a divorced man in his late forties, he didn't exactly have many options in the dating market.

"Your man boy here ruined my bag and I request a full refund!" The lady barked at Ryder and only then did Kyle see that this bag had a Louis Vuitton logo embedded on it but he was sure that it wasn't the same bag she had brought here the day before.

However, he knew that no one would believe him so he wanted to see how his boss would react to this news.

"That bag… It probably can feed me for a month or two…" Kyle thought to himself, realizing that there was no way in hell he could afford that bag and would go into debt if he tried.

"I-I'm so sorry! I will make sure he pays you every penny this bag's worth!" Ryder said and the disgust Kyle felt building inside of him was unlike anything he had felt.

This was his life, people thought they could take advantage of him whenever they pleased but who could blame them?

He had no way to fight back and the man with her, Kyle noticed he had a badge on him so this was a policeman.

"Do you have any evidence?" Kyle asked, he was soft-spoken to the point that people mistook him as timid.

"What?" Calista questioned, her tongue ready to lash at him at any given moment.

"I asked if you had evidence?" Kyle repeated himself and that was when the police officer brought a device and showed Kyle a video that he couldn't even recall happening.

The video showed Kyle being aggressive towards her by basically ripping her bag strap.

"What the fuck is this?" Kyle thought but little did he know that this was how far AI had come.

This was a struggling actress and she couldn't exactly sponsor the life she lived so she had to find other means for that lifestyle to be maintained.

Kyle didn't even know how to defend himself and wasn't to, no one would believe him.

"That is fine… How much is it to sew back the handle?" Kyle said but this was the biggest mistake he could have made at that moment.

If he denied it then they would have to have a proper investigation but the fact that he accepted it acted as a confession.

"Luckily for you, Miss Calista is not interested in pressing charges as long as you get her a new bag," The officer said and Kyle simply chuckled.

"Did he say something funny!?" Calista barked, of all the people to scam she chose him but Kyle knew that this was payback for stopping her from smoking in his shop.

"Oh right, let me just get out the $6,000 I have lying around gotten from my luxurious job…" Kyle mocked her but this only made his situation worse.

Long story short, the police officer allowed Kyle to transfer everything he had in his account to her, which was barely up to $1,000 but that wasn't the worst of it, Kyle also lost his job.

And that was how he found himself at the edge of a bridge, ready to end it until an event that changed his life transpired came to pass.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 3 - 3: Cashback System Activated!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

[Ding!]

[Cashback System Activation Requirement Met!]

[System Binding In Progress...!]

[System Successfully Linked!]

[Spent $1,000. 10X Critical Hit. Earned $10,000! The money has been transferred to account XXX-XXX-XXX!]

[Spent at least $1,000 on a beautiful lady!]

You have received 1 lottery ticket!]

[Do you want to draw?]

[YES][NO]

Kyle was a man that never had any luck in life and he was on the verge of ending it all after being fired from his minimum wage job due to a customer's complaint which turned out to be a lie but due to the customer being an attractive lady, no one believed Kyle.

Beautiful people, they had it easy, didn't they?

This was his last step and he knew that he wouldn't see tomorrow as he searched for a river to throw himself in.

He thought his mind finally broke as there was no explanation for the Cyan Screen that popped up as he clicked the [YES] button.

[Congratulations! You have drawn Charm!]

[Charm: There is nothing the user can't charm his way out of or into! The universe has blessed you with charisma!]

"Hahaha! I must have lost my marbles…!" Kyle muttered to himself as he readied himself for the impact below but his phone soon rang out to show that he had a notification.

And to his surprise, he saw $10,000 sitting in his account and his jaw dropped.

"THIS IS FOR REAL!!!" Kyle screamed at the top of his lungs but this nearly sent him tumbling over the edge, Kyle immediately moved away from the edge.

"Fuck that! I want to live!" Kyle barked as he stared at his phone for a full minute.

He couldn't believe what his eyes were seeing, this was a lot more than what was in his account previously. a

"Holy fucking shit!" Kyle screamed at the top of his lungs and quickly recalled that he was out in public and had to compose himself.

There was one thing he took note of, the requirement for such a thing to come to pass in the first place was spending money on beautiful women.

That was way too easy but Kyle noticed that it was already in the middle of the night and crime was high in this area.

Kyle didn't waste time and headed back home in a heartbeat, his room was a mess but this was the least of his problems.

He jumped on his bed and instantly scrolled through his phone to see which girls he had saved there but the reality of this alone dawned on him.

"Damn… I really do get no girls…" Kyle muttered to himself but there was no use feeling sorry for himself.

He had to take care of business first and that was paying his rent or he would be homeless in no time.

After that, what he needed to do next was to find the next beautiful girl to spend money on the next day.

Kyle went from almost ending his life to having renewed hope for a potential future.

The night came to an end and Kyle was unemployed but who needed a job when life had given him a second lease?

Kyle didn't hesitate, he transferred $6,000 to his landlord because he had backed up rent so why not clear everything at once to get a clean slate?

It wasn't even up to a minute he sent the money but someone was banging on his door.

"KYLE! KYLE!" The voice called out, this was no doubt the voice of his landlord.

Kyle hurried to the door to see what prompted such a reaction and the moment the door opened, the landlord was out of breath.

It was clear he ran up here the moment he received the

"Have you sold your soul to the devil!?" Mr Jones questioned, shaking Kyle to see if he was still in there because there was no way he could cough up that amount from thin air.

"Hahaha! I did sell my soul to the devil but there is a catch…"Kyle said, pausing dramatically.

"Anyone that touches the money will forfeit their soul as well…" Kyle said expecting Mr. Jones to panic.

Mr Jones just stared at Kyle before letting out a faint chuckle and turning around.

"See you in hell then, buddy," Mr. Jones said before leaving the house.

He knew this was an obvious joke but this only showed the relationship between both men as Mr. Jones had a family to feed.

Kyle didn't know what to do for the rest of the day as he was now unemployed but he could recall the name of the lady that had fucked him over.

"Calista…" He muttered under his breath, realizing he might have the power to tame her in one way or another.

He quickly flipped through the internet, searching for her but to no avail, she must have been anything but famous hence why she resorted to such a trick in the first place.

Kyle sighed but just as he was about to give up, he stumbled on a page with a lady that looked exactly like her with the bio clearly pointing out that she was an actress/model in need of a gig.

Kyle smiled to himself, there had to be a way he could use this to his advantage but he needed to get his money up first.

He put on the nicest clothes he had but there was nothing fancy about his clothes seeing as he got them from the thrift store with his sense of fashion being anything but impressive.

Kyle noticed there was no money coming back to him upon paying for his rent so this thing only registered when he spent money on women or at least that was the information he managed to get from it.

Kyle stepped out but there was a spring in his steps as he had something to look forward to, this was California, Los Angeles, crawling with some of the most beautiful women in the world.

Maybe, just maybe he would bag himself an A-list celebrity but there was one thing he was sure about. He could only go up from her.

Kyle knew he had to be careful with the money in his possession because the condition for multiplying was spending it on beautiful women.

He looked around, desperately trying to find a pretty woman but the busy streets of Los Angeles only gave him seconds to approach them with everyone always in a hurry to get somewhere.

Kyle knew his best bet would be to visit a store and offer to pay for any pretty lady's goods.

But the store couldn't be too expensive, how embarrassing would it be if he offered to pay for something only to find out he couldn't afford it?

Kyle looked over his shoulder and luckily, there was an Apple store around the corner and what better place to blow money than Apple devices?

The moment Kyle took a step into the store, he was hit with the fresh air that reminded him the earth wasn't made up of heat.

But a lady slowly approached him with a wild smile on her face, Kyle could recognize that smile anywhere, it was the smile marketers wore right before advertising a product.

"Welcome sir, how may I help you?" A lady with blue eyes said.

Kyle found her mildly attractive as she was a bespectacled lady with somewhat of a slender build.

"I would like to buy a phone and I want to pay it in full…" Kyle pointed out and this was surprising as most people paid in installments but this made her suspicious.

"What is up with this guy?" She thought to herself, this lady was in her early twenties, she was exactly 20 years old but this information didn't matter to Kyle.

All that mattered to him at that moment was getting his money up as his eyes glanced around the store to see if there was anyone worthy of spending his money on.

However, his eyes met an almost empty store with employees all wearing an artificial smile.

Kyle sighed as he looked at the girl's name-tag before him.

"You're Jane… So Jane, how would you like an IPhone?" Kyle asked right away prompting Jane to raise a suspicious brow.

"Um… Sir, are you sure about that?" Jane was taken back by this, she had an old Apple device that was in need of replacing but it was still in optimal condition so she never got around to getting a new one. It wasn't like a phone was her top priority.

"I am absolutely certain! Let's get you the IPhone 15 Pro Max and a Mac Pro with a little phone insurance to sweeten the deal." Kyle said in an upbeat tone.

"Are you one of those Youtubers?" Jane questioned, looking around frantically for a camera but her eyes saw nothing.

The moment it settled on the man, he was already paying for the items, Jane was speechless but she wasn't going to turn down this act of kindness.

[Ding!]

[Spent $5,000. 10X Critical Hit. Earned $50,000! The money has been transferred to account XXX-XXX-XXX!]

[Spent at least $5,000 on a beautiful lady!]

[Congratulations! System upgrade requirement met!]

[New system function unlocked!]

[Congratulations! You have unlocked the Harem function!]

[You have received 3 lottery tickets!]

[You have received 1 extreme lottery ticket!]

[Do you want to draw?]

[YES][NO]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 4 - 4: System Upgrade!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle had no idea what was going on but the first thing he did was to check his phone to make sure the money had been reflected in his bank account and the smile that crept up on his face made the cashier take a step back.

"Fuck yeah!" Kyle thought to himself, that he had over $50,000 in his bank account, which was more than he had ever had in his life.

Kyle didn't even realize that the system had added a new feature, it sunk in a second after checking his balance.

"Wait, what? Harem function?" Kyle thought to himself. He didn't need to verbalize his thoughts as the system took it upon itself to explain what it was.

[The harem function allows the user to recruit women into his harem by gaining their affection. A special cashback bonus is given in addition to the cashback granted by the system tier with each amount spent on the women within the user's harem.]

Kyle was perplexed by this, he thought this was all about money but he just found out there's a way to earn even more.

"Holy shit!" Kyle thought to himself, to everyone else he was staring at the cashier and making funny faces.

"Um, are you okay sir?" The cashier finally questioned, snapping Kyle back to reality.

Kyle realized he was in public and quickly composed himself, his items were packaged for him and he handed them to Jane.

Kyle looked at his Cyan screen and pressed the [YES] button so the draw could begin, he noticed that he had something called Extreme Lottery and hoped it was something decent otherwise it would be a waste.

[Congratulations! You have drawn Extreme Memory Recall!]

[Extreme Memory Recall: This user has the ability to recall every information or events experienced right down to the most insignificant details.]

[Congratulations! You have drawn Vehicular Mastery!]

[Vehicular Mastery: The user is an innate master of operating vehicles. Be it cars, bikes, or even planes!]

[Congratulations! You have drawn a Jaguar XF!]

[The Jaguar XF: The user owns an exotic car! It can be found in the driveway!]

[Congratulations! You have drawn JPD Agency Group!]

[JPD Agency Group: The user is now the owner of a small acting Agency in Beverly Hills! It is promising and has the potential to be among the best! The necessary documents can be found in your car alongside the address!]

Kyle had the biggest smile on his face, his life was turning around in the blink of an eye and he wasn't about to question it.

Kyle walked out of the building and the only car that looked out of place hence easy to locate.

The car key spawned within his pocket.

Kyle ran to the car but not before someone tugged at his shirt, Kyle looked back and realized that it was Jane.

She gave him her number on a piece of paper but she couldn't even hold his gaze, Kyle noticed her colleagues giggling at the back as he realized that they were probably the ones who urged her to give him her number.

[Harem Members: 1/2]

[Name: Jane.]

[Age: 23

[Affection: 5%]

Kyle stopped in his tracks and spared her another glance only to see her stealing a glance at him before averting her gaze once again.

The system not only told him women that are interested in him so he didn't need to guess but it also granted him items that spawned in real time.

This felt surreal, if this was black magic, Kyle hoped the caster wouldn't stop because he wasn't even half-done.

Kyle wanted to check out the property that he had acquired, opening the door to his car and the new car smell hit his nostrils.

"Now that's a new car!" Kyle thought, luckily he had a driver's license due to one of the jobs he had gotten in the past involving delivery.

Kyle, thanks to the skill acquired by his system, could drive the car with relative ease

He instantly knew how to operate it but he first needed to find the documents of the agency he now owned and just as he suspected, it was there.

Everything was signed and official in his name.

-

"Damn it, this agency might as well eat a double-decked shit sandwich! I chose you and I haven't had a half-decent gig in years!" A lady barked at a woman with a clipboard who just stared at her blankly.

"The lack of jobs isn't because of our inability to find jobs, I think it is time for you to consider actual acting classes…" The woman responded, her face unmoved as she looked unimpressed by what she had seen.

"You bitch! I am naturally born talent!" The lady continued to bark prompting the woman to take a deep breath.

But before she could respond, one of her employees called her to the side.

This lady had a powerful aura around her, she was clearly in her mid-twenties but the power she exuded showed that she was used to leading.

She had that

"What is it?" The woman asked in a dismissive tone, the truth about this was that this agency was about to go under, they were barely floating above water as people would rather choose the more established agencies.

"Miss Isabella, I have great news!" The employee responded, she was giddy and Isabella could instantly tell that it might be something worth listening to.

"Speak Carly, I'm a busy wo-!" But before Isabella could complete her sentence, Carly interfered by showing her a page on her phone.

Isabella's face went from neutral to surprised, she immediately snatched the device out of her hand.

"What is this!? Someone bought the entire share of the agency!? This means…!" Isabella screamed before clasping her mouth shut.

"We are saved, boss!" Carly responded.

"Are you done!? I have places to be!" The talent-less upcoming actress exclaimed and Isabella realized at this moment that she didn't need to put up with this anymore.

She walked up to the lady, she had to tolerate her before because they needed all the money they could get but that problem had been solved by Kyle.

"I am afraid you're no longer qualified to work with us, you will be refunded your agency fees. Leave or I will throw you out myself, you spoiled brat," Isabella felt the weight lift off her chest the moment she said this, she had wanted to say this for the longest time.

She already knew that the new shareholder would be coming here at any moment and realized she had to prepare the place to welcome him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 5 - 5: JPD New Owner!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle arrived at his new agency and it was a lot bigger than he thought, it had an intricate design that exuded elegance with top-class infrastructure.

It stood out compared to the buildings around it but this was one of the more expensive parts of Los Angeles.

Kyle realized only after he arrived that he should have bought something fancy to wear as first impressions mattered.

The clothes he wore weren't a reflection of his status, anyone would mistake him for an average bum.

Kyle exited the car and Carly was already waiting outside to welcome him.

When Kyle left the car, Carly was surprised that he looked like the average American.

He didn't stand out but this only made her mistake this as humbleness and not the fact that he was indeed a bum only a few hours ago.

"Good day sir, I have come to personally welcome you to the JPD," Carly greeted with a smile but Kyle was surprised that this was a genuine smile.

She was truly glad to see him prompting him to wonder why but this was an insignificant detail.

"Thank you…" Kyle said, pausing abruptly as he looked at her name tag.

"Carly, are you the CEO of this agency?" Kyle questioned but this only made Carly blush at the thought of him thinking she could hold that position not knowing that Kyle had no idea how a CEO should look.

"I'm afraid not, sir. She has been expecting you," Carly responded as she led the way.

"Alright," Kyle responded, he didn't know what else to say as he was still shocked this was happening.

Kyle entered the building and the fragrance that invaded his nostrils sent him into a trance.

"This place is so fucking fancy!" Kyle thought to himself as he was led to an office at the end of a corridor.

"Miss Isabella will see you now," Carly said but she emphasized the Miss as if subtly telling Kyle she was single. However, Kyle wasn't paying enough attention to pick up on this.

Kyle made his way into the room and to his surprise, there sat a woman in a white uniform top with a black shirt just above her knee, exposing a little bit of her thighs in the process with long socks and high heels.

But the thing that got Kyle's attention was how her shirt was barely able to keep those weapons of mass destruction intact without the buttons popping off.

Kyle gulped as he stepped inside the room, there was a transparent table separating them but that was an interesting choice.

She got up the moment Kyle entered, he was officially her boss and what he did to the agency was up to him however this was her moment to show him her vision.

"Mr. Kyle! So nice to meet you, I'm Isabella!" Isabella greeted, stretching her hand for a handshake.

She was confident no doubt but this didn't scare Kyle, he has met women like her at his various jobs and they all had one thing in common, they were stuck-up bitches.

And Kyle knew she was no different from them, the only reason she was like this was due to his position and it wasn't a reflection of who she was.

*Isabella, that's a great name but I would like for us to get down to business," Kyle knew he had to make a strong first impression.

"O-Of course, please sit," Isabella stammered, she didn't know why but just as Kyle knew how important a first impression was, so did Isabella.

"You don't need to be so nervous, I'm not the grim reaper or anything," Kyle made a silly joke, trying his best to break the evident tension in the air.

Isabella was embarrassed that he noticed that, even if Kyle didn't have the skill granted by the system, he would still have spotted this without a doubt.

"I'm sorry, sir," Isabella quickly apologized. Kyle thought she was a powerful woman when he walked in here but she was awfully submissive right now.

"I have to ask, why the transparent table?" Kyle couldn't hold his curiosity as it was a bizarre choice, to say the least.

"Our motto is transparency so this is a literal demonstration that we hide nothing," Isabella responded, she knew how corny this sounded but it was a clever marketing strategy.

"Ah, that is clever! Now that is how you get the client!" Kyle was a little more excited than he should have been and Isabella blushed as she didn't expect this reaction from him.

If anything, she expected him to point out how corny it was but upon closer examination, this man was around her age if not younger.

She kept her mouth shut as he carefully examined the document before him, thanks to the ability he had gotten from his system, he could remember everything he read almost to a fault even though he didn't quite understand what it was exactly he was reading.

"You know what Isabella? How about I leave the technical issues to you, keep running it how you have been running and if you need anything, give me a call," Kyle encouraged her and this was the best case scenario considering this allowed her to retain control over the agency.

Kyle snuck a peak at her chest once again when she was putting away the documents before averting his gaze.

"Things those big should have their gravitational pull…" Kyle thought to himself.

[JPD Agency Status Change: Congratulations, you just entered the top 1,000 promising talent recruitment agency!]

"Well, not bad I guess," Kyle thought to himself while exiting the building.

He stood and stared at the sign, wondering if he should change the name to something that speaks more to him as he didn't even know what the acronym JPD was derived from.

"Move it!" A voice barked at him from behind but Kyle recognized this voice without even turning around.

" Calista?" Kyle muttered under his breath.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 6 - 6: System's Quirks
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle couldn't believe his ears but before he could turn around to see her, she brushed past him and waltzed into the agency like she owned the place.

Kyle couldn't believe his eyes, there was no way that the stars were aligning this quickly because what were the chances of this happening at this exact moment?

At that moment, Kyle could feel nothing but disgust but he realized that if that event never happened he would never have awakened whatever this was as there was no way he was going to ever spend $1,000 on any lady when he could barely even pay rent.

That would be absurd but he had that luxury right now, Kyle was tempted to call out to her to see her face but he owned the agency.

So whatever she came here to do would ultimately become his business, he realized that he needed to get new clothes because he did look like a peasant.

"Calista…" Kyle muttered under his breath as a smile creased his face on his way to his car.

He needed to do more research to see just what kind of movies she had been in.

He also needed to do more research on the movie industry as this could be his gateway into Hollywood and allow him to mingle with all A-list celebrities.

Kyle smiled at the thought but this might be a fantasy right now but in the future, it would most certainly become a reality.

He could become the richest man in the world with this power in the space of a day if he played his cards right but Kyle knew something like this would raise suspicion.

The last thing he needed was the government coming to ask questions because the bank he had was in their system so he had to be extra careful.

Kyle got into his car and took a deep breath, he recalled how big Isabella's breasts were and how she was able to carry them around daily. The fact that he could remember every single detail he had seen only made this a lot more difficult to resist thinking about.

Kyle recalled their interaction and just shook his head, he hoped the impression he left was a good one.

Kyle knew he would have to give Jane a call not because he liked her but rather because she was a means to increase his wealth.

That was all he cared about and the system was set up in a way that he couldn't spend on himself and earn so he was forced to interact with women even if he didn't want to.

Kyle was driving but in transit, a car nearly rammed right into him but thanks to his innate mastery of operating vehicles, Kyle reacted just in time by swerving to the left to avoid a head-on collision.

Kyle hit the break to stop himself from hitting a stop sign, he didn't know what the hell happened but that could have been the end of his life right there.

"That was close…" Kyle thought to himself as this incident generated some traffic.

Kyle left his car to see if the person that nearly ran into him was alright only to see the car in a ditch somewhere.

People gathered around to make sure they were alright but Kyle waved it off, he was without a scratch but he wasn't sure about the other driver.

Kyle simply needed to see if it was a lady so he could pay for the damages even though insurance would cover it, that's if they had any, to begin with.

A lady stepped out of the car and she wasn't anything but attractive, she looked worn out and it was clear that she had little to no sleep due to the eye bags hanging on her face.

Kyle could tell this was a young lady but life must be winning against her, he was in a similar situation just a day ago and for the first time in years, he had a proper night's rest.

"Are you okay?" Kyle questioned the woman but she was dazed, she had a little blood dripping from her forehead but it was nothing to worry about.

"OH MY GOD! I AM SO SORRY!" The woman immediately apologized and Kyle experienced something that seemed hard to come by and that was someone taking accountability.

"I SHOULD HAVE WATCHED WHERE I WAS GOING! DO YOU NEED MY INFORMATION?" The lady was rattled, Kyle noticed her hands were trembling and realized that unlike him, she wasn't blessed with the motor mastery he had.

"It is fine, allow me to pay for the damages…" Kyle said and the woman was confused by this considering she was the one that caused the accident.

She simply burst into tears and Kyle didn't know how to react to this but after a few minutes.

He got her account details and sent a sum of $10,000 for the little dents and the shattered glass, this was more than enough to cover the costs of these things.

The woman wailed and bawled her eyes out, Kyle knew that she needed this more than he did but there was something strange, there was no notification from his system informing him of money being transferred to his account.

"Lag?" Kyle thought to himself but a Cyan screen popped up in this moment to explain the situation to him.

[The rebate system only applies to women the user finds attractive.]

Kyle read this and looked back at the woman, he tried to make her appear attractive but the mucus running down her nose quickly made this an impossible task.

"Would I be a dick if I asked her back for the money?" Kyle thought to himself as this was something that he did consider doing.

Once again, Kyle realized he didn't know the quirks of the system and he had just dashed a woman $10,000 with no cashback.

This meant he was down to $40,000. He had to find a way to turn this $$40,000 into $400,000 as he couldn't risk going back to zero.

Kyle was glad he didn't give her every penny he had or that would have served as a cruel lesson to learn more about his system.

He got back into his car but he didn't go home, Kyle was on the hunt for beautiful women and they were everywhere he looked.

However, he had to find just the right one as he parked his car by the sidewalk, it got a little attention due to its vintage exterior but nothing lingering.

"Should I have spoken to Calista?" Kyle thought to himself, he flipped through his phone and quickly searched for his bank transaction history which he found.

He searched for the account number the $1,000 was deposited in and had a thought, what if he transferred the $40,000 into her bank account?

This was sure to not only get her attention but multiply his wealth, it worked the first time so there was no reason why it shouldn't work the second.

This meant that Kyle found her attractive and Kyle for some reason knew he had to have her wrapped around his fingers.

This was his opportunity to get some sort of payback and he did just that, Kyle transferred the $40,000 to Calista's bank account with a memo.

"Here's my number, XXX-XXX-XXX." attached to it and like clockwork, the system responded.

It took nothing less than a minute before a Cyan screen appeared to inform him that this was successful.

[Ding!]

[Spent $40,000. 10X Critical Hit. Earned $400,000! The money has been transferred to account XXX-XXX-XXX!]

[Spent at least $40,000 on a beautiful lady!]

[Harem Members: 2/2]

[Name: Jane, Age: 23, Affection 5%]

[Name: Calista, Age 21, Affection: 25%]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 7 - 7: Bonus System [Abridged]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was surprised that Calista was added to his list and all he needed to do was send her money to get this but he also noticed the harem capacity was filled which made him wonder what would happen now?

But before he could process his thoughts, his phone rang out loud, he checked his phone and noticed it was a number he didn't have and instinctively knew that it must be Calista.

"That was fast…" Kyle thought to himself, he expected her to play hard to get but she called in less than a minute.

Kyle took a deep breath, he didn't want her to find out anything about him just yet but he didn't wish to pick up the phone call.

Unlike her, he had every intention of leveraging his position, she was a money hungry lady so he wasn't surprised that money was all that was needed to sway her considering she tried to scam him for her damaged bag.

She couldn't afford it or she wouldn't have done something as silly as that and his phone suddenly came to a halt.

Kyle took a deep breath, he was so close to making his first millions but he needed to send more of this money.

That was all that was on his mind, he remembered the crying face of the woman responsible for the accident and cringed.

"Damn, that lady was fugly," Kyle muttered under his breath as his car came to a halt at the front of his apartment.

Mr. Jones was sitting outside of the complex with his five year old daughter running around.

He caught a glimpse of the car parking in his driveway, Mr. Jones saw a potential customer and sprung to his feet but he froze in place the moment he saw Kyle walking out of the car.

"Maybe he really did sell his soul to the devil?" Mr. Jones muttered under his breath.

Kyle's life had changed and there was a certain spring to his steps, the mediocre life that had crippled his happiness was no more.

The sky was his limit, Kyle caught a glimpse of Mr. Jones and the older man started to back away from him.

"Why is he backing up?" Kyle thought to himself with a raised brow but he realized what this must look like and remembered what he had told him before.

Kyle chuckled at the thought, he was glad that this man was his landlord or he would have been homeless long before this fortune came into fruition.

Kyle waved at him before entering his apartment leaving Jones to stare at his brand new car in a daze.

Kyle entered his apartment and suddenly, everything around him disgusted him, thx furniture, right down to the peeling paint on the wall.

Kyle knew this room needed a renovation because from the look of things, he would soon start having ladies come over.

However, he knew that he would need a bigger house to accommodate them but he couldn't abandon Mr. Jones due to all that he had done for him.

Kyle would feel guilty but he had the wealth to maintain his apartment even if he wasn't going to be staying there.

It could act as a sort of second home but he didn't want to touch the money currently sitting in his bank account.

Kyle was paranoid, he had tasted poverty and every penny mattered to him right now until he crossed that millionaire status.

"That's right, I get a bonus for the money spent on the ladies in my harem, isn't that right but how much bonus are we talking about?" Kyle wondered and once again, a Cyan screen appeared to explain the situation to him.

[The bonus is based on a percentage system, the percentage of affection is divided into sections.]

[Affection Bonus]

[1-20%: X2]

[21-40%: X4]

[41-60%: X6]

[61-80%: X8]

[81-100%: X10]

This made sense and Kyle instantly knew he had to make a move, Jane would be a lot easier to woo because she worked at an Apple Store, what fancy places could she have been to?

As opposed to Calista, she had an expensive bag, go figure, yet he also knew she was driven by money but weren't most women?

Kyle was left with a choice that the average man wouldn't even consider a problem and that was which of the girls was he going to take on a date?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 8 - 8: Date Night?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Jane, are you okay? You have been in an awfully good mood since returning from work. That is unlike you," A girl on a bed called out to her but Jane showed her what she had gotten that day.

"WHAT?! YOU CANNOT AFFORD THAT!" The lady barked at Jane but Jane simply chuckled.

"I know, I know. There was this guy…" Jane said. She had a smile on her face, her face turning red as she recalled the encounter.

"A guy bought you all of that? You know he will expect you to put out, right?" Her roommate said, rolling her eyes.

"Don't be such a pervert, Ella! He has no such intention! I was the one that even gave him my number," Jane pointed out but Ella was shocked by this revelation.

"You made the first move?" Ella questioned with a raised brow, unlike Jane, Ella had the typical appearance of a goth with red hair with a black choker around her neck.

Ella had grey eyes and was by every means, a beautiful lady with quite the bust that almost ripped her singlet apart.

It was unusual for Jane to make the first move as she was a shy person so this took her by surprise.

"I know! I feel so awkward thinking about it! I don't even think he will call me…" Jane said but the excitement in her voice faded as she concluded this sentence.

"If he got you all of that, he will definitely call but I am curious to see what kind of man can make little Jane make the first move," Ella teased, trying to cheer up her friend.

Ella was not only taller than Jane but older by a year, she was the one covering the majority of the rent with Jane helping around with other bills that she could handle.

Ella didn't mind this because she knew that Jane's contribution wasn't steeped by her financial prowess but her presence.

Jane was a pleasant person to be around and this was a great addition to Ella's life.

"You cannot meet him! You will hypnotize him with that chest of yours!" Jane barked, prompting Ella to giggle.

"You know, not every man likes them this big, yours are just fine," Ella responded but she couldn't help but worry that this man would break her friend's heart.

There was no reason for him to buy her all of this but then again, he didn't attempt to even get her number, which certainly was interesting.

Ella was the lead singer for an upcoming rock band called, Splinters and she had a gig later that night. Ella was a woman who truly believed she had what it took to be among the greats even though her numbers said otherwise.

"OH MY GOD!" Jane screamed, dropping her phone but thanks to Ella's position, she was able to snatch it out of the air before it hit the ground.

She was yet to make the transition to her new phone but Ella noticed that the number wasn't saved.

Without hesitation, she picked up the phone on behalf of Jane.

"Hello…?" A voice said behind the phone but before Ella could respond, Jane snatched the phone out of her hand before running to a different compartment of the house.

"Such a drama queen," Ella said with a smile as she watched her friend close the door behind her.

-

Jane managed to get away from her roommate but she had no idea what to say as she went blank.

"Is everything alright?" Kyle asked her and Jane could feel her heart pound like it was about to rip out of her chest.

"I-I am fine… I didn't know you would call so soon…" Jane said, her voice almost hushed.

"It was hard not to. What can I say? I am a sucker for girls that know what they want," Kyle responded and this sent Jane's mind into a frenzy. She couldn't even give a verbal response but Kyle found this refreshing.

"I was thinking, maybe you and I could get something to eat tonight," Kyle proposed and this brought the biggest smile on her face.

"I would love that… Kyle," Jane said before clasping her mouth shut once she realized that Kyle never told her his name.

She got it by asking the person who had swiped his card, it showed his name on the pop-up.

"Hey, you know my name," Kyle said and Jane could feel the second-hand embarrassment creeping up on her.

"Little miss stalker…" Kyle teased her and Jane couldn't contain her giggle.

"Text me your address and get ready by 7," Kyle instructed to which Jane complied as the conversation came to an end.

"Damn, he really has done a number on you," Ella said behind the day.

"GO AWAY!" Jane barked but this was a byproduct of her embarrassed state.

None of this mattered right now, she had a date to prepare for.

-

Kyle was done with the phone call and there was a sense of relief that came with it, he didn't know women could act this way around him.

It wasn't something he was used to but it also wasn't something he disliked.

Kyle knew at that moment that he needed to go shopping, he didn't have any clothes worthy of a date. But he also had no idea what would be appropriate to wear or even the restaurant they would go to.

Kyle knew it had to be expensive, it had to be very expensive so he could spend as much money on her as he could.

A cyan screen soon appeared as usual but Kyle wondered what this could be about.

[Update in affection bar!]

[Jane's affection: 15%]

Kyle was surprised it went up at all because all they did was have a little conversation over the phone, it couldn't be that easy, could it?

Either way, this worked to his advantage and he planned to milk the heck out of it as he headed to a store to get some clothes for his date with Jane.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 9 - 9: Getting Ready.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle got into his car and went to one of the shops around the corner, it wasn't anything too fancy but they had some decent clothes.

He has never been to this store before so this was a nice change of pace.

Kyle didn't care much about expensive clothes as this would only draw unwanted attention.

The last thing he needed was a criminal following him home to steal from him.

This would be possible due to the lack of security in the building.

Kyle knew that he had to be careful and this included a safe parking space for his car even though he had yet to talk to Jones regarding this.

There was a place where they parked their cars at an extra fee but spare part thieves visited there way too often because they knew they would always find a car to steal something from.

Kyle knew that it would be best to move out of the neighborhood altogether but he needed to increase his wealth to do that. $400,000 was barely enough to do anything in a high-end neighbourhood as everything there was not only more expensive but the lifestyle that came with it would flatten his wallet in a heartbeat.

Kyle took a deep breath and walked into the shop, he had little to no fashion sense so he knew he needed all the help he could get in this case.

Luckily, one of the store workers attended to him.

"Good evening sir, what can I help you with?" The man questioned with a smile, that same goddamn smile that everyone wore like zombies, a smile he too once wore.

"I have a date so I need something casual but at the same time, fancy," Kyle said with a sigh, knowing that this wasn't much of a description.

"Right this way sir," The man instructed and Kyle complied, following him to a more exclusive section of the store.

Kyle noticed the leap in prices, this man wasted no time in trying to milk him and Kyle couldn't help but respect the hustle.

Everyone was trying to make ends meet, not everyone was as fortunate as him, if anything no one was as fortunate as him.

Kyle was led to a chair as the man brought a couple of clothes for him to check, the man didn't doubt if he could afford them or not as he had seen the car he drove and couldn't make the mistake of treating this customer poorly or he could lose the sale.

Kyle already received the address from Jane and he was looking forward to the date.

He couldn't believe that he was even going on one, the last time he did was in high school and it was a forgettable experience.

"That one…" Kyle said, picking one of the four presented to him, he saw the price tag and knew it wouldn't dent his wallet.

The man seemed pleased with this sale, Kyle could feel the aura around him shift when he picked one out.

Kyle gave the man a generous tip of $1,000 and this made his day, he could tell.

[Update in affection bar!]

[Jane's affection: 20%]

"Huh?" Kyle was confused because he hadn't done anything so why did it keep rising?

He thought that he had to use money to raise the bar but it looked like all he had to do was charm them.

That could be why he drew charm on his first draw, not that he was complaining.

This was simple, Jane was thinking about him and the more she thought about him, the more her heart fluttered.

[Update in affection bar!]

[Calista's affection: 10%]

"Wait what!?" Kyle already hated that Calista was included in his harem but he could already tell that she would be a difficult woman to keep happy.

"Of course, she has to be a problem," Kyle was already exhausted but that could also be because he declined to pick up her call.

He had seen with Jane how far a little conversation tends to go as it leaves a mental imprint, something for them to think about when he is no longer there.

-

Time flew by and Kyle found himself right in front of the address that Jane had given him.

He walked up to the door and couldn't help but feel nervous. The flower in his hand trembled slightly but he composed himself with a deep breath right before ringing the bell.

It took up to a minute, this allowed Kyle to adjust his clothing and calm his thoughts.

And the door swung open with Jane coming into view.

"My God, you look beautiful!" Kyle blurted out and her face became red instantly.

Jane was in a sleek, black gown that hugged her curves like a second skin. Made of luxurious silk, it featured a daring, plunging neckline that showcased her toned neckline. The fitted bodice highlighted her narrow waist.

A subtle slit up one side revealed a glimpse of her toned leg, adding a hint of allure to the overall design.

"Here…" Kyle said, handing her the flower in hand.

Jane noticed that he had chosen a more casual approach in his choice of clothing.

The tucked-in white T-shirt in what looked like navy blue trousers gave him a classy look.

"T-Thank you," Jane said before briefly heading inside to drop the flower with Kyle following behind her. Partly because Jane had gestured for him to come in, she couldn't leave him standing outside after he came all the way here.

She offered him a glass of water but Kyle declined, there was no need for that considering that they were about to be on their way.

Kyle glanced around her apartment and noticed that she didn't live alone, he also knew it wasn't in his place to ask questions as this would be prying too much.

Right now, he needed to focus on the date that he was about to take her on.

Jane finished what she was doing in no time and came out of the room before they both left.

Whoever was living with her was not around.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 10 - 10: Millionaire Status!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jane was nervous, she couldn't believe she was going on a date with someone she just met on the same day and was already thinking about the multiple outcomes that could be derived from this.

One of these outcomes included sex, Jane's face got a little red but unfortunately for her, Kyle caught a glimpse of this.

"Are you okay?" Kyle questioned, momentarily taking his eyes off the road.

"I-I'm fine…" Jane responded under her breath but was glad she was putting herself out there.

They arrived at one of the most prestigious restaurants in California just around the corner. Kyle had to pay a fine fee for reservations but it was nothing compared to the returns he was about to get from the lady beside him.

They found the best seat and Kyle could instantly tell this was Jane's first time somewhere so fancy.

She was dazed and admired the class of the people here but he also noticed that her confident demeanor quickly faded.

She must have been intimidated by the people here as the clothes they wore were easily some of the most expensive things she had seen in her life begging the question of what Kyle was even doing with her.

"You know…" Kyle said out of the blue, bringing Jane out of her head.

" Even if I were to choose who I want to have dinner with in this room full of these people, it would be you," Kyle said sternly, looking her right in the eye.

Jane flushed red once again.

"Where did that come from!? That was smooth as hell!" Kyle thought to himself, the words rolled off his tongue effortlessly to the point that it even surprised him, the speaker.

"Good evening Mr. Kyle and Mrs. Kyle, would you like our special menu tasting order?" A waiter walked up to the table where they were seated.

This man was handsome, Kyle has never been an insecure person as these things didn't matter to him.

Things are trivial as looks didn't matter to someone in survival mode but he was no longer in that mode.

That gave him a different outlook, he noticed that Jane had frozen in place.

"Hm… Is she attracted to him?" Kyle thought to himself but if she was, wouldn't it be indicated by the decrease in affection?

He received no such notification.

" That will be nice, thank you," Kyle responded to the waiter, he had no idea what a tasting menu was but as long as it was food, he was down for it.

He was also impressed that the waiter knew his name, this showed that they took customer service a lot more seriously than other restaurants in these parts.

No wonder they were so successful but he noticed that Jane was stiff, like a sim's character whose action was cancelled midway through.

"Are you okay?" Kyle asked, reaching his hand over the table to place on hers.

"H-He thinks we're married…" Jane said in a whisper, clearly flustered by the thought.

" So fucking cute," Kyle thought to himself, she was the polar opposite of Calista.

The evening went as planned, Jane experienced every range of emotions at that tasting, and her taste buds were violated to the point it gave her a mouthgasm.

And with each serving, she came closer to her true personality as she began making small jokes.

Kyle enjoyed the night because he was never a person who took relationships of any kind seriously but being with Jane right here and now was something he could see himself doing more often.

[Update in affection bar!]

[Jane's affection: 40%!]

This update couldn't have come at a better time because Kyle was just about to pay the bill.

They tasted every meal on the menu and bought the sum at a staggering price of $20,000.

The familiar Cyan screen appeared to inform him where he stood a few moments after the bills were paid.

[Ding!]

[Spent $20,000. 10X Critical Hit. Earned $200,000! 4X Bonus Critical Hit. Earned $800,000! The money has been transferred to account XXX-XXX-XXX!]

[Spent at least $20,000 on a beautiful lady!]

[You have received 1 lottery ticket!]

[Do you want to draw?]

[YES][NO]

Kyle's jaw dropped, and he couldn't believe his eyes because this was something that would make becoming a millionaire a lot easier, he was technically one because he had approximately $359,000 sitting in his bank account alongside this recent addition, he was a millionaire!

That would explain why he got a lottery ticket, it was to celebrate the milestone he had reached but if he was going to take over Hollywood and become the richest man in the world.

He was nowhere near his goal and he initiated the draw, hoping to get something decent.

[Congratulations! You have drawn a Bank Account Upgrade!]

[Bank Account Upgrade: The user has received an upgrade to their bank account: Your account has been upgraded to the highest tier and has become untraceable!]

Kyle realized at this moment that he was about to escape taxes, if his account was untraceable that meant that the government would have no way to track his transactions.

"A-Are you okay?" Jane asked, Kyle was staring right at her but in reality, he was attending to the cyan screen only he could see.

They were out of the restaurant with Jane facing him with her back pressed against the car as they were engaged in small talk.

Kyle's body was running on adrenaline, he just became a millionaire and it was all thanks to this woman in front of him.

"If I kissed you right now, what would you do?" Kyle asked and Jane couldn't even regurgitate a response, simply watching him.

Kyle leaned in and all Jane did was close her eyes, she was expecting a kiss but nothing ever made contact with her lips.

Instead, Kyle chose to kiss her forehead, he knew that the build-up was the best way to get the most out of her.

The anticipation, the craving as he knew what she responded to but if he was to have his way with her, the build-up until then would only be in vain.

[Update in affection bar!]

[Jane's affection: 45%]

Kyle smirked as he opened the door for her to get in, she was flushed red, her heart thumping but Kyle was beginning to enjoy this.

If it was Calista, he knew gestures like this wouldn't have a positive change in her affection bar considering the kind of lady she was.

The date night was over and Kyle had officially become a millionaire.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 11 - 11: Date Night Concludes.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle drove her back home, the ride back was peaceful as they spoke and listened to some gentle music playing in his car as they occasionally hummed along.

Kyle made sure to get some more food for her to go home with, he knew that she wasn't living alone and this was the best way to make a good impression on whoever it was that was staying with her. It would allow them to share in the experience.

Kyle knew that he had to win them over as he knew that the people in her ear would play a big part in getting her affection bar maxed out.

"Say, do you live alone?" Kyle asked her but this could easily have been interpreted as alarming if Kyle didn't just take her out on an elaborate date.

"No, I'm staying with a roommate but she won't be back tonight," Jane blurted out but the moment she did, she realized she had revealed this information without thinking.

That created a cascade of following thoughts as this could be interpreted as an invitation for sex or at least this was what Jane thought.

Kyle did find it strange that her roommate would be out all night but it wasn't in his place to snoop.

He knew that the food could be refrigerated for her roommate so he wasn't worried about it going to waste as he knew there was no way Jane would want to deprive her roommate of the experience.

They got close to her home and Kyle walked her to the door. Jane didn't want the night to end but Kyle knew that getting too much of something too fast wasn't necessarily a good thing.

"Here we are…" Jane said, facing Kyle, looking him right in the eyes.

Kyle could tell that she wanted him to come in but she couldn't bring herself to say it.

"Here we are…" Kyle repeated after her. It was no secret that he was attracted to the woman in front of him despite her plain appearance.

Jane wanted his lips on hers but she wasn't bold enough to make the first move, Kyle knew he had to give her something to keep her from forgetting the experience so soon.

"You know, I enjoyed your company tonight. If I knew a girl like you was in that store, I would have found you a lot sooner," Kyle complimented her and once again, Jane flushed, averting her gaze.

"Hey…" Kyle whispered and she soon felt a finger gently shift her gaze towards himself.

"Don't look away, I want to see those eyes," Kyle whispered, he couldn't understand why but this thing was coming to him naturally despite having no experience.

Kyle wrapped his hands around her waist and drew her in, placing his lips right on hers.

Jane wasn't expecting this, her eyes were still opened in shock until she decided to give in.

Jane closed her eyes, throwing her arms around his neck as they kissed for a full minute.

"I would definitely like to see you again, Jane," Kyle said as they broke away from the kiss to catch their breath.

"I-I would like that," Jane said and that was the end of the night, Kyle watched her turn around and head inside.

It took everything in him not to give in to his temptation but just as he expected, this had an impact on Jane's bar.

[Update in affection bar!]

[Jane's affection: 60%!]

Kyle couldn't believe the progress he had made in a day, it felt unreal but this lady must have little to no experience in this department or was she simply that gullible?

Either way, Kyle couldn't complain but he already dreaded his inevitable experience with Calista.

-

Ella was out with her gig going quite well but the turn up was a bit disappointing.

She knew something like this was bound to happen but she still had a little hope that maybe this time would be different.

It was so hard for a new rock band to break out especially when they didn't have the connection or means to promote their songs the way they needed to be promoted.

Even if they wished for it to be played on a radio station, they still had to pay for that service.

She was alone in the bar, drinking as her bandmates already called it a night.

Ella knew the chances of her dream coming to pass were becoming less likely with each passing day and tonight was a reminder of that reality.

Ella was supposed to be out the whole night but this was not fixed in stone, she expected a bigger crowd and they couldn't exactly perform in an empty bar.

That would be insane and Ella could tell that this band was soon going to disband if they didn't start making money soon.

Her phone soon buzzed, she thought about leaving it unanswered but she remembered that Jane had gone on a date.

She quickly brought out her phone to see who messaged her and just as she suspected.

It was Jane, Ella smiled at the name, this was one of the constant things in her life that she didn't want to let go of. She knew that Jane might be with her new man friend so she chose to stay out a bit later than usual so as to not walk in on them.

But she also knew it was highly unlikely he would want to spend the night at their place if he could casually buy her the new iPhone and MacBook.

[[You wouldn't believe what just happened, WE KISSED!!! HURRY UP AND GET BACK, I HAVE A LOT TO TELL YOU!]]

The message read and Ella realized at that moment that maybe her life wasn't all bad.

She still had Jane but she was more surprised that this was all the man did. If anything, Jane was ripe for the taking and this made her more curious as to who this man was.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 12 - 12: Mr & Mrs Jones
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The night came to a satisfactory end and Kyle knew that he needed to attend to business the next morning.

He didn't know anything about his agency but he realized he needed some information regarding it. Thankfully, the invention of the Internet would prove invaluable as he got everything he needed to know online.

Kyle realized that this agency was on the verge of bankruptcy and wondered why he wasn't given a top agency, this thing could spawn cars so there was no way this would be an impossible feat for it.

Kyle couldn't complain, his life was perfect as a knock on his door brought him back to reality.

It was morning already and there were no calls from Calista, it looked like she wasn't as desperate as he thought but with this agency, there was another means for Kyle to get her attention.

She knew him as a cashier at a rundown store, it was no surprise that she was losing interest so fast.

The only thing that caught her attention then was the money, nothing else.

Kyle has searched up and watched the kind of movies she has acted in, the fact that it was basically softcore porn and still didn't have any decent viewership was enough to inform him how bad it was and watching it confirmed this.

Kyle attended to the door and a few men walked in, he had called people to help him renovate his apartment, and he had enough money to cover whatever it cost.

He didn't just call anyone either, he called the best of the best and Mr. Jones was surprised that Kyle had this much money at his disposal.

He went from not being able to pay rent to having a car, paying his rent, and now renovating his room.

Kyle left them in his apartment as he stepped out, spotting a surprised Mr Jones who was staring at him.

"Good morning Mr. Jones. What can I say, blood money, am I right?" Kyle joked but Mr Jones was beginning to consider this possibility even though he knew that it was unlikely, this would be the only explanation as to how he suddenly came in possession of such wealth to begin with.

But Kyle was walking towards Jones putting the older man on alert.

"Are you okay? You look like you have seen a ghost," Kyle said with a smile.

"You're renovating your room?" Jones questioned, not even trying to hide his surprise.

"That is right and you don't need to worry about removing it from my rent either," Kyle reassured him.

This was his way of thanking him for all he had done for him and also because money was no longer a problem for him.

"Good morning Mr. Kyle…" A voice greeted but Kyle couldn't see the person because of Jones standing in their path however he recognized the voice.

"Clarissa, is that you?" Kyle asked as Clarissa peeked from between her father's legs.

This was part of the reason Jones was so understanding when it came to Kyle, it was because of his relationship with his family.

Clarissa looked at Kyle with a big smile on her face, she was no more than 7 years old and was one of two kids that Mr. Jones had.

"Boo!" Clarissa exclaimed the moment she popped out between her father's legs.

Kyle had seen her but pretended to be startled nonetheless just for the sake of it.

"You scared me half to death!" Kyle exclaimed before glancing over at Jones, who glared at him.

"I mean, you scared me real good!" Kyle corrected himself just as fast, Jones didn't tolerate certain language around his kids as they were still at an impressionable age.

"It looks like you're on your way to school… " Kyle said, noticing her backpack to which Clarissa nodded.

" The bus is taking forever, I might have to drop her myself," Jones pointed out.

" Or I could help you drop her off? I'm already on my way out," Kyle responded.

" Are you sure? I wouldn't want you to trouble you," Jones wanted to be sure he wasn't an inconvenience but Kyle didn't mind this.

"Sure thing! Clarissa, do you want me to take you to school or your grumpy old dad?" Kyle asked with a smile on his face.

Jones noticed that he was a lot happier, his smile actually felt genuine for a change.

"I WANT TO GO WITH YOU!" Clarissa barked at the top of her lungs.

"Not so loud dear…" A feminine voice said behind them and it was no other than Mrs. Jones.

Mrs. Jones was a dark-skinned woman, she was the definition of thick as she had the rare combination of these features without the stomach.

This was proof that she got this body through hard work and that would go in hand with her occupation as a gym instructor.

"Good morning Mrs. Jones…" Kyle greeted, Mrs. Jones had dead eyes also known as "fuck me" eyes so Kyle has always been uncomfortable looking at her right in the eyes.

Mrs. Jones was dressed up in a black crop top that kept the weapons on her chest concealed along with black leggings that did anything but leave little to the imagination.

She had a gym bag over her shoulder telling Kyle that she was about to head out.

"My darling wife, you see Kyle here has offered to drop our daughter in school," Mr. Jones said promoting Kyle to laugh awkwardly.

" Is that so? Does this superhero have room for one more?" Mrs. Jones questioned in a suggestive voice.

Kyle didn't want to be rude so he gestured for them to lead the way downstairs.

" I owe you one…" Jones whispered. He just wanted some time to himself, such was the life of a married man.

" Maybe slash my rent?" Kyle responded.

" Yeah, no. That's not happening," Jones responded even though he knew Kyle was kidding around.

The door shut and Kyle managed to catch a glimpse at the bazooka that Mrs. Jones carried behind.

It was impressive, the buttcheeks weren't only big but they had the perfect shape.

"Keep it together, Kyle." He thought to himself as they headed to his car.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 13 - 13: Mrs. Jones...?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle drove Clarissa to school but he couldn't help notice the perfume that Mrs. Jones had on.

Mrs. Jones didn't bother engaging in conversation with him, keeping her eyes focused on the road as she hummed the song playing on the radio.

Kyle liked the silence because this was the first time he was with Mrs. Jones in such a setting.

He noticed her initial surprise that the car belonged to him but she didn't say anything more than that.

It was clear that he had come up in a conversation with her husband but she didn't pry.

Clarissa arrived at school and Kyle made sure she got in safely by escorting her to the door.

He returned to the car and saw Mrs. Jones' eyes fixed on him.

"Is something wrong?" Kyle questioned, feeling a bit uneasy.

" Nothing, I never knew you were this good with kids," Mrs. Jones said, finally showing interest in a conversation.

" Ah, haven't you been told not to judge a book by its cover?" Kyle said, revving up the engine.

"Not when the book is a chapter long," Mrs. Jones responded.

"Did you just say I'm a chapter long? That's not very nice…" Kyle retorted but all this solicited from her was a giggle.

" I didn't mean it like that! You are always so gloomy, I didn't know you could have such a side to you," She said while laughing.

"You do know you're making this worse, right?" Kyle shook his head to exaggerate his disbelief and this only made her giggle evolve into full-on laughter.

The ice had been broken and this allowed him to ask the important question.

" Do you want to tell me where we're going?" Kyle asked and that was when she realized that he had no information regarding where she worked.

"I'm so sorry, it is the T Center," She revealed.

"T Center? Isn't that where athletes work out?" Kyle knew that this was a prestigious centre even if he wasn't one to work out himself.

" That is right, I'm an instructor there and that's why we have been able to keep our head afloat when a certain someone didn't pay their rent on time," She said, clearly aiming a jab at Kyle.

" Hahaha! That's my bad!" Kyle conceded.

Luckily, the center wasn't far from the school so it took only a few minutes for them to arrive there.

Kyle kept the conversation appropriate, he didn't try to uncover any information that didn't concern him.

He stopped at the Center and Mrs. Jones stepped out before turning back at him but unfortunately for Kyle, she caught him looking at her buttocks.

She didn't think anything of this, he was a man after all, there was no way he would be able to keep his eyes off them without even stealing a glance.

Kyle noticed this and quickly adjusted his gaze to look at her but those eyes made him uneasy.

"Is there a problem?" Kyle asked.

"What? Aren't you going to walk me too?" Mrs. Jones said but this was what confused Kyle, he didn't know if she was flirting or just messing with him.

Considering this was their first real interaction, he had no way to gauge this and this gave her the benefit of the doubt. She had to be playing, right?

"You're a big girl, I'm sure you will be fine. Tell your husband I brought you here safely or he will kick my ass," Kyle teased before driving off, he didn't want to be too casual with her and this was why he explicitly mentioned her husband in this conversation to remind her that she was married.

Kyle shook off the entire interaction despite her perfume still lingering in his car, it did have a nice scent but his next destination was the Agency.

-

Isabella arrived early as usual, she was usually the first to arrive even though she didn't need to.

However, she was big on leading by example because if the boss could do something like that then the employees had no choice but to follow suit.

Isabella opened up the Agency as she had laid off a few of her staff; she realized that most of the work they were doing was redundant.

She also needed to show Kyle that she could manage his finances and needed to show returns as soon as possible or he might change his mind in terms of management.

Kyle gave her freedom and she was eager to show she was the right person for the job.

She knew that Kyle would expect results soon and there was no way she would take this second change for granted.

She already had a few talents willing to sign with the agency but this had something to do with their place in the rankings. It had bumped up considerably and upcoming talents used this opportunity to enlist with them while their fees were still low.

It was only a matter of time before it would increase to show their new ranking.

But there was one employee who always came on time and that was her assistant, Carly.

"Good morning~" Carly sang. Once upon a time, she thought her days here were numbers but there was something freeing that came with knowing you weren't about to lose your job.

Carly came in barely ten minutes after Isabella and Isabella was already hard at work.

"Get in here Carly!" Isabella shouted from her office, forcing the young girl to rush to the office.

"Are you okay?" Carly asked the moment she saw her but Isabella simply gestured for her to come closer which Carly did.

"What's going on ma'am?" Carl questioned but her question was answered the moment her eyes came in contact with the computer.

"What is this…?" Carly questioned, she couldn't believe her eyes.

The applications they received easily entered into the hundreds, it was unbelievable that this happened in just a day. This was something that they had never experienced before.

"I bet you regret laying off those people now, don't you?" Carly said but Isabella was too excited by these numbers to give a damn about that.

She could easily hire more people because, with these numbers, the top was her only destination.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 14 - 14: Calista, Your Turn.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle arrived at the Agency but he noticed that there were fewer cars outside than the day before.

He didn't care about this irrelevant detail even though this was a reminder of his skill to remember everything he encountered.

He was greeted at the entrance by Carly, who looked surprised to see him.

He wasn't supposed to be here as there was no prior notice but then again, he was the owner of the damn place. He could come here whenever he wanted to.

"Good to see you again, sir," Carly said, showing her respect despite him only being a couple of years older.

He had on simple clothing once again, it didn't show his wealth whatsoever as one would think he was an average person.

Even the watch he wore was of inferior quality, he should be able to afford the best of the best if he could buy this Agency and drive a car that expensive.

"Is Isabella in?" Kyle asked, he knew he had to keep it professional around here or he risked losing the respect that came with his title.

Kyle hated his former boss, he didn't respect him as he was a mediocre man.

Nothing was fascinating about him except for his skills for exploitation.

Kyle worked overtime so many times, the pay didn't always tally up. Excuses set in, but Kyle couldn't complain. He was desperate, and his former boss knew that. He didn't plan to be that kind of boss.

Kyle was led to Isabella's office and she was surprised he came considering he could easily have given her a call.

"Oh, Mr. Kyle! I wasn't expecting you, is there something I could do for you?" Isabella questioned.

Kyle noticed she was dressed in something that didn't feel like constricting the melons on her chest, it was a light brown loose turtleneck sweater with black jeans to complement her look.

" I'm sorry for not giving you any prior notice but I have always preferred my conversation in person," Kyle responded with a stern look.

Isabella had no complaints because this was the perfect chance to tell him about the upturn in applicants.

"Mr. Kyl-!" She was interrupted by Kyle as the man raised a finger.

"You know what, just call me Kyle," Kyle told her.

He still found it strange that someone his age was calling him Mr instead of his name when he wasn't even married.

By removing this title, it allowed for a more comfortable conversation with the lady before him.

"Pardon me, Kyle. I have something to show you that will most definitely please you," Isabella assured him as this inevitably drew Kyle in.

Isabella began to type away on her laptop before turning it around. Kyle saw what was plastered on the screen.

"What's this?" Kyle questioned with a raised brow.

"It is the number of applicants we have received in 24 hours!" Isabella couldn't contain her excitement.

Kyle could see approximately sixty applicants already looking to be taken up by this agency.

"This is impressive!" Kyle exclaimed.

" Does this have something to do with the improved ranking?" Kyle thought to himself. This was the perfect opportunity to search for Calista's application.

She was here the day before so there was a high chance she had applied here.

" Can you help me search for a name?" Kyle requested and of course, Isabella was never going to say no.

"Absolutely, what name would that be?" Isabella asked as she readjusted the laptop to face her.

"Calista…" Kyle muttered and Isabella proceeded to type away at the keyboard.

Kyle couldn't help but admire how flawless her skin looked, her skincare routine must be topnotch.

" Calista Wave…?" Isabella asked and Kyle smirked upon confirmation.

This meant that Calista must be trying to revive her shitty acting career and what are the chances that she applied to his now-owned Agency.

Kyle couldn't help but smile at karma for bringing him this sweet, sweet dish for vengeance.

"Excellent, that is it. I want you to let her in," Kyle said.

Isabella didn't know what this was about but it wasn't uncommon for people to sleep their way into favours and this was what she thought was going on.

She didn't waste any time, the moment Kyle told her this, she accepted the application the very next second.

"Done!" Isabella exclaimed.

"Is there anything you would like me to do for you, Kyle?" Isabella asked.

"I wonder if she would flash me if I asked her to…" Kyle thought to himself but quickly pushed this silly thought out of his mind.

" That will be all, you have been very helpful, Isabella," Kyle said and with that, the meeting came to an end.

" He really could have just called…" Isabella thought to herself.

Kyle was now done with the technical aspect of the morning, it was time to meet Calista.

-

Jane had a day off from work and couldn't believe that last night happened.

She rolled around the bed like a schoolgirl each time she thought about it but Ella soon barged into her room.

"W-Who is that!?" Jane was startled.

"Who else do you live with, did I walk in on you doing something naughty?" Ella questioned with a sinister smirk.

"Not everyone is like you, Ella!" Jane fired back.

"That is right, I'm one in a million! But that aside…" Ella said, pausing as Jane fixed her eyes on her.

" W-What the hell is wrong with your stomach!?" Jane barked only for Ella to rub it like an old man.

"I think I might be pregnant…" Ella tried to be funny but there was no doubt that she had devoured the food that Jane had brought back.

There was no way that she could eat everything in one sitting, was there?

Well, that question was answered the moment Jane opened the refrigerator and saw that everything had entered the abyss known as Ella's stomach.

"So your boyfriend, when am I going to meet him?" Ella questioned but in truth, Jane was insecure about Ella meeting him.

Ella was more sexual than her and she had better attributes with a prettier face, what if he liked her better than her? This was what Jane battled with as it has happened on multiple occasions.

"I will let you know…" She brushed it off without giving a definite answer.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 15 - 15: Unexpected Call
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Calista was hustling, she was putting the money that Kyle sent to her to good use by going shopping.

She bought some of the most expensive things she could get her hands on but she had no sense of financial responsibility blowing the entire money in a day.

She didn't care, she was a pretty girl and was sure she could get another sucker to pay for her bills.

However, this didn't mean that she didn't have aspirations of her own.

She wished to be a celebrity, an actress gracing the big screen and walking the red carpet with the biggest names in the industry but that future looked like a long shot.

However, she was confused as to why that man sent her money and gave her his number, only to not pick up.

"Would you like to do your manicure?" A lady asked in one of the most expensive salons in Los Angeles.

She nodded, it wasn't cheap to look pretty because to sell a certain standard, she had to look the part.

But her phone soon rang, and Calista knew that moving would interrupt the manicure.

Luckily, she had her wireless AirPuds in even though it would have been a lot easier to leave the call until later but considering she had auditioned for numerous roles, this could be a return call.

"Hello, Calista on the line," She began, waiting eagerly for a response at the other end.

"Congratulations, Miss Calista Wave. Your application has been accepted by the JPD Agency! We look forward to working with you," Carly was at the other end, informing her of some much-needed good news.

Calista felt relief, the agency she has been with for the last few years not only had trouble getting her roles but they were on a decline.

She couldn't be associated with an agency that wasn't even in the ranking.

The truth was, Calista was barely making ends meet, she was living a life that she had no means of maintaining herself and that's why she often accepted mediocre roles just to keep the light on at night and a few erotic photoshoots.

Sex sells, that has always been the way and Calista didn't oppose the system but instead chose to embrace it.

The phone call soon came to an end and so did her time at the salon.

She noticed that she had received a message and to her surprise, it was from the man that she had gotten fired.

She had conflicting feelings regarding this but if he was willing to send her that much money just to get her attention, it couldn't hurt playing along.

That way, she would be able to siphon as much money from him as possible as she did other men.

[[Hey, I was busy earlier but I'm free tonight. How about dinner?]]

The message read but there was an attached photo right after which she opened. It was a picture of a beautiful green dress, Kyle already knew she had a thing for designers so all he did was search for some of the most expensive dresses.

[[I think this dress would look good on you so how about you wear that when I come pick you up?]]

The message read but that wasn't all, Kyle had sent her a whopping $100,000.

Calista didn't know what to say because what the fuck was he doing working that job if he had this much money? Was he some millionaire who wished to experience the life of a normal man?

"H-He is fucking crazy… " Calista thought to herself but she couldn't peel her eyes away from the woman.

And the dress was beautiful, there was no chance in hell she was going to turn this down.

-

[Ding!]

[Spent $100,000. 10X Critical Hit. Earned $1,000,000! 2X Bonus Critical Hit. Earned $2,000,000! The money has been transferred to account XXX-XXX-XXX!]

[Spent at least $100,000 on a beautiful lady!]

[Update in affection bar!]

[Calista's affection: 20%!]

This brought his total wealth to approximately $3,100,000. Kyle couldn't believe his life but he knew that this woman would need a sterner approach.

She was an untamed gold digger but Kyle had just the means to tame her, an endless supply of the gold she was digging for.

Kyle had made reservations with one of the finest hotels in this city, only the rich could be found here as he knew he couldn't bring Calista back to his apartment.

Kyle wanted to see just how far his money could get him and if he could get the bitch that ruined his life in the process, then so be it.

One thing was certain, Kyle was going to screw her tonight and the thought was a comforting one as he knew that this was her karma.

But before he could delve deeper into the roadmap he had drawn up for her, his phone rang.

"Mr. Jones?" Kyle thought to himself before picking up, the summary of the conversation was Mr Jones told him that there was a problem with his car but he had promised his wife to escort her to pick up a couple of items that could only be found in a specific store.

The problem was, it was a couple of miles out and Kyle kissed his teeth in irritation.

Mr. Jones was becoming too comfortable but this irritation quickly subsided when Kyle remembered that he had inconvenienced him for years. This must also have been how he felt yet he put up with it for years.

Kyle accepted, he didn't want to admit it but he didn't have anything better to do with his time.

If anything, this was a welcomed distraction but he feared that this might blur the lines between tenant and landlord.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 16 - 16: Call Me...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was reluctant but he ended up acting as a chauffeur for Mrs. Jones, the fact that they had conversed earlier that day would make things a lot less awkward.

Mrs Jones was given his number by her husband which meant that she now had access to him and didn't need to go through her husband.

This made it a lot easier for her to tell Kyle when to come get her even though he had a date to prepare for that night.

He could spare a few hours to help out with this favour and hope that this doesn't become a habit.

The call came in, it was well into the evening but considering he was going to spend the night with Calista, the later they went on the date, the better.

It gives her less opportunity to go back home as Kyle could use the late card and convince her to spend the night there.

However, now wasn't time to think about that, Kyle headed to pick up Mrs Jones.

When his car parked outside, he drew stares from people around but this was to be expected.

Fortunately for Kyle, he didn't have to wait long; she was outside a few seconds after he arrived.

This at least told him she wasn't taking his time for granted as she rushed to the car.

Kyle noticed that she smelled different but that was only because she had just showered a few minutes prior so the scent of the soap used still lingered in the air. He also noticed she was out of her gym clothes and worse something a lot more casual.

She noticed the black skirt hanging just above her knees with a sleeveless white top that was exposed just enough to reveal the top of her cleavage.

It would make sense to want to give these parts some breathing space after a thorough workout.

As soon as he sat on the passenger seat, her thighs doubled in size and Kyle couldn't help but steal a peek.

"I'm so thankful for this. In a day, you have done me two very big favours! I won't forget this anytime soon," Mrs. Jones thanked him.

At least she had manners, Kyle couldn't be mad for long because she was so nice about it.

"You make it sound like I performed open heart surgery," Kyle responded, brushing off what he had done as something menial.

However, the cost of petrol was over the roof right now and him driving her that far would use a fair amount.

Kyle didn't want to grow attached to the family because he knew everything could change in the blink of an eye.

He didn't know if the system was indefinite or had a limited span and what if the system suddenly disappeared? Would he lose everything in his bank account?

All of this was a possibility and Kyle hoped he wouldn't have to try to outsmart whatever this thing was.

He drove with one hand on the steering, easily swerving left and right like he had been driving the moment he came out of the womb. She was impressed by the way he handled the car.

"You definitely know how to handle her," Mrs. Jones commented, her eyes lingering a bit too long at veins popping from his forearms.

"What can I say, I have my way," Kyle said without thinking too much about his response, she was a married woman so there was no reason to be cautious considering the relationship he had with her husband.

Mrs. Jones smirked but this was an act that went unnoticed by Kyle as he kept his attention on the road.

The car ride there was relatively peaceful, Mrs. Jones was in charge of the radio and Kyle noticed her preference for music was Hip-hop.

She sang along to almost every song, even songs that Kyle had never heard before but she had an amazing voice to boot.

He couldn't deny that but he also knew that he had to keep his mouth shut due to wanting to keep professional.

"Come on Kyle! Sing with me," Mrs. Jones exclaimed as the tempo in her voice increased, effortlessly hitting notes Kyle didn't even know was possible.

"Damn… I wouldn't want to steal the spotlight from you," Kyle gave a cheeky response prompting Mrs. Jones to giggle.

"I'd like to see you try," Mrs. Jones edged him on and Kyle took a deep breath.

If anyone knew better, they would think he was about to give a Grammy-level performance.

The moment Kyle opened his mouth, Mrs Jones wished she lost her ability to hear because his voice was not only horrendous but the notes he was hitting shouldn't even exist.

It sounded like a night terror scream that would awake even the dead from the grave.

Kyle didn't know what came over him, he wouldn't have done any of this before, and he would even ridicule the idea of doing such an absurd thing.

But with money, all his problems were gone so he became a lot more carefree but Mrs. Jones couldn't contain her laughter.

She laughed her ass out but Kyle noticed something about her, she laughed almost as good as her voice. She laughed until her eyes were all teary.

"See? I told you I will steal your thunder, Mrs. Jones…" Kyle joked but Mrs. Jones couldn't even verbalise a response as she continued to laugh even though it was deescalated.

"Y-You sure did… And please call me Aiysha," She finally introduced herself and wished to be addressed by her name further confirming that this was leaving the formal territory.

Something that Kyle had tried to avoid but not well enough even though there was nothing wrong with this in hindsight, Kyle knew how easily boundaries could be crossed.

"We are here!" Aiysha said and Kyle heaved a sigh of relief, the place was a lot further than he thought as it had eaten up a few hours of his day.

"I will be waiting here," Kyle said but Aiysha just stared at him.

"Get out the car and escort me, be a gentleman…" This was all she said but her eyes looked right at him as a little smirk creased her thick, perky lips. Kyle couldn't say no.

"Fine…"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 17 - 17: ... Candles?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle followed behind her and his eyes naturally darted towards her ass, even with a skirt he could still see that arc in her lumbar spine.

Kyle couldn't believe that a woman with this body could be tamed by a single man, Mr. Jones was a nice man but compared to the man out here, he wasn't impressive.

Kyle realised that this was a store for custom-made candles, he didn't even understand why this was so important that it couldn't wait a day.

Or better yet, why it couldn't be delivered to her doorstep.

Kyle couldn't complain because he had a choice in this and he chose to accompany her.

Kyle began to walk around the small shop as Aiysha spoke to the lady responsible for these candles.

He noticed that this store had suggestive drawings all over the walls and then it hit him, this was an erotic store.

"Mr. Jones, you nasty freak!" Kyle thought to himself.

"Hey Kyle, get over here!" Aiysha called out to him, he was wandering a bit too far and she wanted to hear his opinion regarding this.

Kyle walked up beside her but he had no experience with candles hence why he was confused as to why she wanted his opinion.

"Kyle, which do you think will capture the mood of a romantic night?" Aiysha asked him.

Kyle scratched his head, the candles looked the same, just different colours.

"The mood of the night isn't determined by the setting but by the person in which you decide to spend it with. I could pick any of these candles and the night could go to hell…" Kyle said.

"Your friend here might be a lit-" The lady responsible for the candle was told to keep quiet with a raised finger from Aiysha, she wanted to hear what Kyle had to say.

"What I'm saying is, it is the person that makes the night romantic," Kyle concluded.

And Aiysha was surprised that these words came out of his mouth. She wouldn't have guessed that Kyle was this deep, not in a million years.

"T-That's actually… I didn't think about it like that," Aiysha responded, Kyle could feel the eyes of the lady glaring at him as he might have lost her as a potential customer.

"Or you could just use both candles?" Kyle suggested as he established eye contact with the woman, flashing a smile.

"That is an excellent suggestion! You should listen to your friend," The lady responded.

They came this far already, there was no reason for the trip to be in vain and Kyle needed to get back as soon as possible.

The lady packed the candles and Kyle could tell that Aiysha was hesitant.

She didn't want both candles or it was more accurate to say she couldn't afford both.

They didn't have the luxury that Kyle now had and had to plan their spending carefully as they had two kids to take care of.

"How much is it?" Kyle questioned, surprising Aiysha.

"That will be $350…" The lady said with a sinister smile on her face. Aiysha already dug into her bag to get the money.

Kyle was perplexed that candles could be this expensive to begin with but he wasn't one to judge.

"Do you accept cards?" Kyle questioned to which the lady nodded.

"Do you want anything else? Pick anything you want, I got it covered," Kyle reassured her.

But he remembered that these were custom-made and she was always going to buy both candles.

He also entertained the thought that the question was which of the candles would fit a specific situation.

"$350…" Kyle muttered under his breath, rubbing his chin.

"You know what, how about I give you a down payment of $35,000 so she can get whatever candles she wants?" Kyle asked and the silence that followed was so loud that one would think it was on loudspeakers.

"WHAT!?" Both women exclaimed in unison.

"It is fine, it is fine." Kyle brushed it off, it wasn't like he was doing her a favour considering that this was the requirement to double his wealth.

The lady was so fast to accept the offer, she didn't know anyone this crazy to spend such an amount but she wasn't going to dissuade him, quite the opposite.

This was more than she made in a couple of years and someone was willing to pay that amount at the drop of hat. Aiysha wanted to intervene but Kyle already handed her the card and she wasted no time in swiping.

"ARE YOU CRAZY!?" Aiysha exclaimed, stunned by what just happened but she quickly closed her mouth upon realising the words that had come out of it as an embarrassed smile soon creased her face.

[Ding!]

[Spent $35,000. 10X Critical Hit. Earned $350,000! The money has been transferred to account XXX-XXX-XXX!]

[Spent at least $35,000 on a beautiful lady!]

Aiysha couldn't believe he had this much money to spend on a whim, wasn't this the man that could barely pay his rent a couple of days back?

She didn't care about the details but she couldn't bring herself to say a word on their way back to the car either.

It was only after they were halfway through their journey back that she mustered the courage to say something.

"I appreciate what you did for me today and I'm sorry for cursing you out too. I just can't believe you spent that much…" Aiysha said but there was something off about her.

The look in her eyes had changed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 18 - 18: Foreplay?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle dropped Aiysha back home and was glad that was over because he could focus on Calista now.

Kyle got home, he was given a few candles of his own as the lady's way of thanking him even though he had no idea what to do with them.

Kyle wasn't one to complain either way as he stashed them away in one of the drawers in his renovated apartment, these were new drawers as the old ones had been thrown out.

Kyle noticed that the renovation had gone smoothly but the smell of paint was still evident in the air, there was no way he could spend the night here even if he wanted to.

The house looked completely different with a brand new flat-screen TV hung on the wall, and the old furniture was thrown out and replaced with new ones.

This wasn't just any renovation crew but Kyle had specifically selected a design he wished for them to replicate in his apartment.

They calculated the cost and sent him a bill which he paid that very same day.

Then they came to his home and recreated that very design, which was very expensive due to the price tag attached.

Kyle didn't have to worry much, it was better than cutting corners for a cheaper service only to be disappointed.

The money wasn't coming back to him but it was money well spent, he got cleaned up and sprayed some perfume even though the product wasn't the most exotic.

Kyle got his phone but saw a message waiting for him only to realise it wasn't from Calista, it was from Aiysha.

It was to thank him for today but Kyle didn't give a response, he had no business conversing with her at this moment.

He scrolled through and gave Calista a call but she didn't pick up on the first try.

He tried once again but it was the same thing and Kyle simply just chuckled.

"This bitch…" These were the words that left his lips but this only made him want to punish her all the more.

"I wonder what the requirements are for the next upgrade…" Kyle found himself thinking out loud but he got a response.

[The system will meet the requirement once the affection bar for both harem members is maxed out.]

It informed Kyle and Kyle face-palmed himself in frustration but he knew that it would come with a bunch of lottery tickets just like the last upgrade so he was looking forward to it.

He also didn't know if the multiplier would increase as well as the members he could include in his harem, this made maxing out their affection a compulsory requirement if he wished to upgrade his system.

Kyle couldn't deny it, this system was well set up to make sure his harem members were taken seriously but this also meant he had to be careful whose name appeared on it.

Calista was an unwanted addition and now he was stuck with her until further notice.

Her affection bar was unaffected so he was unbothered, she was probably out shopping with the money sent but he wasn't about her standing him up.

He had shown her he had the financial power to take care of her and buy her 20 more designer bags if she wished.

Kyle's phone soon buzzed. It was a text message from Calista. He wondered why she didn't just call, but she had sent an attachment.

Kyle raised a brow in suspicion before opening it but the moment he did, he felt his trouser tightened.

She had sent a picture in a suggestive pose with the dress barely on, it looked so good on her.

No wonder she was such a cunt, it was that body of hers, it was seductive and would make any man tolerate her behaviour if they had a chance at screwing her.

Kyle couldn't peel his eyes away from her body as the sky-blue dress clung to her body and brought out her shape, he could almost undress her.

Kyle noticed that she was typing a message beneath and waited patiently for it to be delivered.

Luckily, he didn't need to wait long for this to happen, as the message simply read.

[[Oops! Wrong person]]

Kyle chuckled to himself, this woman was playing games with him, he knew what she was trying to do but he had no interest in taking the bait.

He also noticed that she had attached her location to the picture so he had an address to go to.

-

Calista was done sending the pictures, in actuality it was Kyle that she wished to show but this was not only to keep his anticipation high but also to give the false illusion of options.

Not that Kyle cared, he had the money now, he could get any girl he wanted and the only reason he was bothering with Calista was because he had done something to trigger her affection before he could any other lady.

Calista wore the dress properly and she couldn't believe how good it looked but she knew that Kyle was a man she had to keep by all means if he truly had this wealth.

She had to play the usual games she did with men but Kyle never responded to her message prompting her to question if he liked what he saw or not.

By now, others would have flooded her with messages but Kyle didn't even respond despite reading the contents.

However, Calista pushed this thought out of her head, there was no way that he didn't know she wasn't attractive or he wouldn't have sent her the amount he did.

But what if she wasn't the only one? Calista found herself having thoughts that she shouldn't otherwise care about.

She checked her phone again and saw no response.

"That bastard…!" Calista cussed under her breath as Kyle had sent a clear message without words and that was informing her he wasn't like the others.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 19 - 19: Calista's Date
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Night descended and it was time for the date, Calista didn't know where he planned to take her or what she would say as this was the first time they would be meeting since that incident.

She didn't know if she should apologize, not that she felt guilty for her actions and an apology was only to give the illusion of remorse.

His pocket was a lot deeper than she thought, if she knew he was this rich she wouldn't have been such a bitch to him.

Calista sprayed her most expensive perfumes and wore accessories that were gotten for her by some of the men she had played with in the past as she waited for that doorbell to ring.

She didn't have to wait long because it rang approximately ten minutes later.

Calista took a deep breath as she readied herself, she had to put on one hell of an act if she was going to finesse him.

The moment the door opened, Calista saw that it wasn't even Kyle there but a man who was hired by him.

"Madam Calista?" The man asked, this hurt her ego as it reminded her that no one knew who she was further highlighting why she was the way she was.

"What do you want?" Calista barked, she shouldn't care about this but this did hurt her ego.

The reason she sent him that picture was to ensure that he came here himself.

"We have been ordered by Mr Kyle to bring you to him," The man said, Calista had the option to refuse but the money Kyle had waved around already blinded her. She wanted more and she needed it fast.

"Whatever," Calista rolled her eyes as she closed the door behind her and followed the man however the vehicle she saw parked was a Lamborghini Aventador Limousine.

She was amazed he could afford to rent this car for the night and wondered if he was inside.

Calista knew she had to carry herself well to keep his interest, she couldn't lose it because this was one of the biggest fishes she had caught in a very long time.

She entered the Limousine and was disappointed as Kyle was nowhere to be seen.

-

Kyle was ready, he had already booked a room in a 5-star hotel in which he was already in.

He needed to make sure everything was alright and even managed to bring a few scented candles with him as they might become useful in this setting.

"Well, her affection bar hasn't gone down so that's a positive," Kyle muttered to himself, he had already spent quite a lot on all of this just for tonight and hoped it would be enough to increase her affection bar.

The hotel he picked had one of the finest restaurants that granted exclusive access only to their customers regardless of status.

This way, they kept the demand high but this was why Kyle chose this exact location.

He dressed in his finest clothes, tracking where she was on his phone as a map was displayed.

She was going to arrive in a few minutes but Kyle wasn't nervous.

He has spoken to customers all his life so interacting with the opposite gender has never been a problem to him.

They arrived to find Kyle standing outside already, the car was parked and Kyle personally opened the door for Calista before offering his hand.

"The hell…" Calista thought to herself, surprised by the etiquette he had shown.

She took his hand as he led her out of the car, she couldn't be angry that he didn't come himself to pick her up as this served the same goal which was to get her here.

"I hope you didn't find your journey here too stressful and forgive me for not being present. I was taught to enjoy my dessert after the main course meal," Kyle was brimming with confidence.

Calista was surprised that he had this smooth a mouth and wondered if perhaps this could be his twin.

The change was too drastic, she has been around actors and actresses, and there was no way that Kyle could act that well.

"Dont you know a little too much sugar ruins the appetite? Don't take a bite unless you're certain you can handle it," Calista said as she walked side by side to him, the dress she wore swayed, revealing her smooth hairless legs.

She loved the attention because it made her feel like the main character, a role she had failed to even get in the movies she has done so far.

"Don't worry about that, I have always had a sweet tooth for ~certain~ kind of snacks," Kyle responded suggestively, shooting her chest a glance as a smirk creased his face.

Calista was impressed by how well he countered her lines, he was matching her energy to the tee but she had a goal here and that was to secure the bag.

They were led to their chair, Kyle paid for the VVIP treatment and that was the service they got.

The moment they stepped into the compartment where others who had paid for similar services were.

Calista realised why Kyle sent her money to get that dress, this room smelled of wealth and since she was in the industry, she recognised a few of the people here even though they had no idea she existed until now and it was thanks to the very dress that Kyle had told her to get.

"He knew… He was thinking about me in the end even after what I did…." Calista thought to herself, even feeling a tinge of guilt.

Kyle noticed she was distracted and awestruck, this was enough to tell him that she wasn't used to this kind of environment just as he suspected.

If she was, she would be more mindful of her reputation but Kyle simply saw another weakness to exploit as a cyan screen appeared.

[Update in affection bar!]

[Calista's affection: 28%!]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 20 - 20: Next Destination... Room!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle didn't like that he had to play games with her unlike his date with Jane, Jane was genuinely happy to be there but he could tell that Calista had an ulterior motive which was his money.

He didn't care about that, all he wanted right now was to max out her affection bar and he knew that tonight was to help him find out what she responded to.

He had established that she liked the spotlight so all he needed to do was be the one responsible for doing that.

They ate but Calista was watching what she ate, she was a model and couldn't overeat as being one required a level of discipline that was almost impressive.

Kyle noticed that she didn't mention what she did at the store or even offer an apology.

She acted like the event never happened but this was good, Kyle could now do what he had planned for tonight with no remorse.

If anything, he would consider them even as the night was slowly concluding.

They both had a few drinks that could send the average man into debt but it was worth it.

This was when Calista began to loosen up and speak more about herself.

"I can't believe I had this much fun," Calista confessed, resting her chin on the palm of her open hand as she stared at Kyle.

"Luckily for you, the night is still young…" Kyle responded, leaving it for interpretation.

"Heh! Is this where you convince me to follow you into your room?" Calista questioned.

"No, this is when you convince me why I should take you to my room," Kyle quickly changed the direction of the conversation to steer it to his advantage.

"Hehehe~ You really are something else," Calista gushed and this wasn't the alcohol talking as she was still very much in control.

"Give me your hand," Kyle requested, this was out of the blue but she thought nothing of it and stretched out her hand for Kyle who was seated on the opposite side of the table.

"Here, what do you want to do, read my palm?" Calista said with a chuckle.

"You could say that and I'm getting a reading…" Kyle said dramatically. Calista indulged him as there wasn't anything that could go wrong.

"And what does it say?" Calista asked with a smirk.

"You will get everything you want in life. You will be on the cover of magazines, you will be the star in blockbuster movies but you cannot give up, not now, not ever…" Kyle said and Calista's facial expression changed.

Kyle simply used common sense to do a quick reading on her and judging from her reaction, it looks like she needed to hear those words.

"You are a weird one," Calista said with a cute smile plastered across her face.

[Update in affection bar!]

[Calista's affection: 30%!]

"You know… I got into an agency and I had no one to tell about it," Calista confessed, showing a glimpse of vulnerability which Kyle associated with the sudden increase of her affection bar.

"Well, now you have someone to tell, you have me," Kyle responded with a warm smile.

Calista might be a rude little shit but in the end, she was just a girl that craved what every other girl did, a knight in shining armour.

Calista simply smiled at this response, oblivious to the fact that her request would have been rejected if Kyle hadn't intervened directly.

The agency didn't just accept anyone, the people applying had to reach a certain requirement because the clients they represented were a direct reflection of them.

"You are a lot different from what I imagined…" Calista muttered.

"How so?" Kyle asked, looking her right in the eyes, he knew that if it was Aiysha sitting in front of him, he wouldn't be able to hold her gaze but luckily, it wasn't.

Calista was a beautiful lady but she didn't have the same aura that Aiysha had and that was why Kyle could do what he did around her.

"I don't know…" Calista bit her lower lips, Kyle noticed her eyes were fixed on his lips and all he did was grin.

"About dessert…" She said, pausing briefly as she raised her eyes to meet his.

"I think I would like to have some now," Calista said with a smirk and Kyle instantly knew what she meant by this.

"Is that so…" Kyle responded, his eyes fixed on her chest, he couldn't wait to see how they looked behind that dress.

"It looks like you can't wait either," Calista teased and she wasn't wrong.

Kyle liked the way that things were going and knew that tonight would either break or make the affection bar.

"How about we continue this conversation somewhere more ~private~," Calista said and Kyle instantly called for the check.

He paid the sum of over $5,000 like it was nothing but that was because it was nothing.

[Ding!]

[Spent $5,000. 10X Critical Hit. Earned $50,000! 4X Bonus Critical Hit. Earned $200,000! The money has been transferred to account XXX-XXX-XXX!]

[Spent at least $5,000 on a beautiful lady!]

Kyle noticed that his wealth was nearing $4,000,000 but it wasn't enough, he needed to fill in the requirements to level up as soon as possible.

And right now, he could smell the pheromones coming off Calista's skin.

She wanted him and Kyle wanted her as well as they had filled their bellies.

Now, it was time to satisfy their carnal lust.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 21 - 21: Kyle &...! 1/2 [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle took her back to his room, he was glad that he had booked a room beforehand or the ride back to his cramped-up apartment would have ruined the tension built between the both of them.

But right now their libido was high and they both wanted it satisfied, Kyle swiped his keycard on the electronic lock and it opened on the first swipe showing the high technology that this hotel had installed.

Kyle opened the door and the room smelled even better than he left it, he realised that there was a device that constantly pumped a certain fragrance into the air.

"This place is beautiful…" Calista couldn't contain her awe, everything in this room screamed wealth.

"It is hard to classify this room as beautiful when I have you standing right in front of me," Kyle was being cheesy and Calista nudged him slightly, giggling.

"Stop!~" She muttered but Kyle knew that she liked this sort of attention, it was only natural that she would react this way.

"You have a sweet tongue…" Calista said. She made her way to the king-size bed, sitting on the edge.

"How can you tell if you haven't tasted it?" Kyle questioned. He walked towards her, stopping only when he was mere inches from her.

She had to tilt her head up to look at him and she soon felt Kyle's warm hands beneath her chin.

It was a miracle that she hadn't ripped his clothes open because she could feel her heart beating in her chest and between her legs.

"Do you want a taste?" Kyle questioned, looking right into her soul and at that moment, Calista knew she was the prey.

She didn't know words could be this powerful because he hadn't even done anything and she was soaked.

Kyle simply chuckled regarding her silence, he expected more of a response but she was clearly flustered by the situation so he was going to take charge.

Kyle slowly guided her to her feet, wrapping his hand around her waist, dragging her closer to him.

"You sure know ho-! ~ah~" Calista moaned. Kyle grabbed her butt cheeks tightly, it sank right in like pudding.

They were so soft and Kyle was barely keeping it together, his cock was rock hard.

It hasn't been this hard in ages, and it was the thought of bedding this lady that got him to this state, but he couldn't rush it.

"I think I will be having some of that dessert now," Calista said with a grin as she leaned in to kiss Kyle. Kyle didn't hesitate, burying his tongue in her mouth.

They coiled around each other, their breath was the only thing that they could breathe, it was hot and heavy.

Kyle didn't let go of her ass cheeks, instead fondling it even more, it bounced all over the place despite the compact size.

Calista broke away just for a second to catch her breath, the look in her eyes told Kyle that she relished it.

"So do you like your dessert?" Kyle asked and Calista smiled before responding.

"I do and what about you?" Calista questioned him but Kyle's eyes lingered on her chest.

"I'm yet to have mine…" He responded. His left hand remained around her waist and the right one reached for her chest.

"~Ah!~ Calista moaned, Kyle noticed that she had on no bra but her nipples were already so hard as his hand grabbed them gently.

Kyle pulled down the dress to reveal her breast, he was losing control but who could blame him?

Calista's body was like a temple and Kyle planned to say his prayers to them tonight.

He placed his lips on her perky left nipple, fondling the other with his hand.

Calista bit her lips, she threw her head back to savor the feeling, Kyle's tongue was running gentle circles around her areola that only increased the sensitivity of her nipples.

"Ahhh!~"

Calista couldn't contain her pleasure but she felt Kyle's bulge pushing against and she was shocked by how hard it was, it was like a baseball bat about to rip through his trousers.

"F-Fuck! If you keep doing this I just might…!~"

Calista knew she was on the verge of losing her common sense because the way Kyle sucked her nipples showed that this was not an inexperienced man.

She reached for his bulge and began to stroke it up and down gently. She wanted to feel the raw meat in her hand but she could barely think straight.

"Hehehe! Someone's eager…" Kyle teased her but Calista didn't even care at this moment, all she wanted was his cock.

She pulled down his zipper and took out the meat she wanted so badly in her but the moment she unzipped his trousers, his elongated cock popped out and slapped her right in the face.

"I think it likes you," Kyle teased once again, Calista placed her lips on his while she stroked his cock, feeling each vein in the palm of her hand with each stroke.

Kyle had to break away from the kiss but before he could say a word, Calista was already on her knees; she began to use two hands on it.

She had small hands and this wasn't surprising considering that Kyle packed an 8.5 inch monster between his legs.

She opened her mouth like a python about to devour its prey and Kyle looked on, slowly slipped his entire shaft down her throat.

[Update in affection bar!]

[Calista's affection: 40%!]

But at that moment, all Kyle was thinking about was the lady on her knees, sucking his cock.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 22 - 22: Kyle &...! 2/2 [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle couldn't believe that she had such techniques, her tongue coiled around his cock, he plunged her head forward to swallow it all up.

"How are you so good!?" Kyle couldn't help these words slipping through his parted lips but he was met with silence.

Kyle didn't know how to feel about it but it felt like he was about to enter a state that only those that had ties with the gods could enter.

She came back up to catch her breath but her tongue was still wrapped around it, Kyle looked down and saw a spit web attached to the tip of his cock.

"Do you like the way it stretches out my throat?" Calista asked while biting her lower lips.

Calista looked up at him and simply smiled before shoving it down her throat once more and Kyle realised at that moment that he wouldn't last long at this rate.

The last thing he would want in this situation is to tap out first because that would show her that he wasn't enough to handle her.

Kyle knew he had to wrestle control of the situation, he had to find a way to and that was when he realised that he was allowed to be a little rough with her.

This was the woman that fucked up his life and when that thought popped up in his head, Kyle didn't know when he grabbed the back of her head and held it in place.

Calista tried her best to keep sucking his cock in this state but she needed to come up for air.

She was choking but Kyle didn't let her until she began to actively, only then did Kyle allow her to come up for air.

"It looks like you can't keep your food in your mouth," Kyle teased with Calista still trying to catch her breath.

"Maybe not with this mouth…" Calista gave a cheeky response right before pushing him on the bed, Kyle fell on it and before he could even sit up, Calista was on him.

"But something tells me it would be different with this mouth…" Calista responded with a cocky smile on her face while she mounted him.

Kyle could feel how wet she was, she didn't put his cock in but instead, began to grind against it, it was right below her pussy slit and her juices leaked all over his shaft.

"Ah! N-No!~"

Calista bit her lower lips as Kyle grabbed her slutty waist to control the rhythm, he was so close to finishing and it wasn't even inside yet.

"Get it together Kyle...!" He thought to himself, trying his best to gain control of the situation.

But before he could comprehend what was going on, his cock slipped inside her and the sensation that shot through his body was enough to rob him of his common sense.

"W-What is this feeling!?" Kyle questioned, the sensation he felt was unlike anything he had felt before.

Calista wasn't only tight but she was soaked, it felt like he just stuck his cock into a warm swamp, her inner walls welcoming his veiny cock by trapping it..

"Fuck! This feels good!" Kyle couldn't hold it in any longer, he was ready to shoot his entire load into her the moment it made it slithered inside her.

Calista wasn't done as she placed her hands on his chest to balance herself right before riding him, she rode him like a someone about to be thrown off a bull.

She raised her ass to the point that just the tip was all that was left in before bringing it back down like a meteorite.

"Do you like it!? Fuck! Your dick is so fucking big! I could ride it all day!" Calista was beginning to lose her mind, giving in to the pleasure.

The pace gradually increased with Kyle gripping the sheets, he didn't know what was going on but he had never had sex feel this good.

"Mmm~!" Calista's moans were exotic but it wasn't just her voice that responded to it but her pussy as well.

She leaked like a fountain but Kyle didn't give a shit at that moment, he no longer cared about control or any of that irrelevant stuff.

Logic went out the window as he grabbed her breasts and began to fondle them.

He teased her nipples, running his fingers around her beautiful areolas before gentling tugging at her hardened nipples.

"Ahhh! Don't be so rough~"

Calista pleaded but her words fell on deaf ears, all Kyle saw right now was a piece of flesh that he was going to use to empty his balls but that would be after the first load.

Kyle removed her hands from her breasts and held her waist in place, Calista felt his cock throbbing and realised that he was about to shoot his load in her.

"W-Wait!" She tried to break from his control but Kyle began to pound away at her from beneath to which Calista responded by balancing herself.

She abandoned the thought of breaking free as the pleasure overwhelmed her and her body began to move on its own.

"~I-I am close!~" Calista screamed, she couldn't keep her voice under control but Kyle didn't care. A few seconds after this, he dug his fingers into her waist. He unloaded his semen into her, it was backed up and every single drop shot right into her.

Calista had a massive orgasm at the same time, her legs almost buckling from the sheer sensation. She was surprised by how good this felt, she expected this sexual experience to end without her having an orgasm but this had to be one of, if not, the most intense orgasms she had.

She fell on the bed, her stomach hitting the soft mattress, she was out of breath.

However, she felt something make its way inside her once again, it was Kyle.

"W-Wait! Ah! I am still sensiti~!" Kyle didn't care as his cock reached the deeper part of her while he began to pound away at her.

He pushed her head against the bed; his cock explored territories inside her that it hadn't, his cock gentle kissing her womb with womb with each thrust.

Calista might have reached her limit but not Kyle, this was the beginning of a long night.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 23 - 23: A Gift.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The night ended and Calista was passed out beside Kyle, Kyle knew that money ruled the world but he didn't know it was this powerful.

He met her and screwed her all in a day, she didn't try to play hard to get because he had numerous options with his wealth.

Kyle looked at her, sleeping peacefully, oblivious that he was only here because she aided him in some way or another.

Kyle had something interesting planned out for her in the future, maybe future upgrades would allow him to remove members from his harem and replace them with girls he wanted.

However, he saw Calista's use and that was her role as a sex toy, she was good at that even though she was a shitty person overall, as long as she could make him cum, she served a purpose.

Kyle checked his phone and saw that he had a message from Jane, he was surprised that she had texted first despite her being so shy.

[[Hey Kyle, it is Jane. Of course, you know it is me, you have my number saved! I just wanted to see how you are doing. And thank you for the other day, I had so much fun.]]

Kyle stared at it and smiled as he recalled the night he enjoyed with her but wasn't going to reply because Calista was waking up.

"Good morning sleepy head…" Kyle greeted her, he was already up and had dressed up long before Calista had woken up, showing she was knocked out.

Kyle gave her maximum satisfaction and her body was feeling it, even this morning.

Her breasts were out of the blankets and her toned abdomen came into view.

Kyle couldn't believe he had just fucked her and realized that with enough wealth, he should be able to have his way with some of the most famous people around the world.

There would be no limitation to his reach, Calista stood up and Kyle could feel his cock getting hard again but he knew he had to keep her wanting more, the only way to do that was to have control over his urges.

"Go get ready, I want to take you somewhere," Kyle said and Calista wondered what that could be but either way, she needed to go to the agency today to sort out the technical aspect of her contract with them.

It took a little over an hour to get ready, Kyle passed the time by watching the television hanging on the wall even though his attention was divided.

He switched to the music station so he could hear some jams, Kyle was a big fan of rock music but wasn't as popular as it could be.

He sighed as he couldn't find the type of songs he listened to but he didn't have to wait any longer as Calista was done.

She wore the dress she came in and it looked just as stunning as when Kyle first saw it.

"Are you done staring? I have somewhere to be, so what is it?" Calista questioned but Kyle was in no hurry to answer her.

He knew that her affection was in the 40% range so that means whatever he buys her should get a X4 interest and he had just the perfect idea to try and once again increase Calista's affection for him. This was the perfect time because they had just shared an intimate night so the high from that experience should still be fresh in her memories and Kyle needed to capitalise on it.

Kyle took her to his car but he made sure she was blindfolded throughout the ride to an unknown destination.

If it was anyone else, this would have easily been a red flag and Calista wouldn't even indulge in it but Kyle had something trusting about him that she couldn't wrap her fingers around.

When the answer was a lot simpler, it was because of his money, he had everything he needed from the looks of it so there was nothing that she could do that he couldn't or didn't already have.

"Are we there yet?" Calista questioned, she didn't have much time to waste even though her application had been accepted already. She wanted to start looking for jobs through them as soon as possible.

"Are you always this impatient?" Kyle asked as the car came to a halt a second later.

"What if I brought you here to kill?" Kyle suggested Calista froze the moment he said this because of the change in his voice.

"Stop playing!" Calista tried to conceal her fear as she reached to pull the blindfold down and the moment she did, she saw that they were in a car dealership.

"What are we doing here?" Calista asked, confused but Kyle poked her forehead.

"We are getting you a car, silly," Kyle responded with a broad smile, this was moving too fast, there had to be a limit to his wealth or so she thought.

The cars here were no less than $1,000,000, these were luxury cars that only the rich drove.

She looked around and was surprised by what she saw because if Kyle wanted to buy her a car, it could have been something simple.

"A car? Is this a joke?" Calista couldn't believe what she was hearing but Kyle was serious.

He stepped out of the car and opened the door for her, Calista stepped out and her beauty was enough to draw the attention of the common man.

She was a good accessory because Kyle's status felt higher with a beautiful woman by his side.

Before they could even take another step, a man appeared right in front of them with one of the creepiest smiles on his face.

He was a salesman that wanted to use this sale to meet his monthly quota but Kyle didn't pay him any attention.

"Now look around and tell me which car you want, nothing is too much…" Kyle said, the man's jaw dropped the moment he heard this.

"But you better not pick anything over $4,000,000…" Kyle thought to himself as he couldn't say this out loud without losing credibility.

Calista began to look around with the man trailing behind her but Kyle walked right beside him.

He noticed the man steal glances at her body but this didn't bother him, he knew how Calista was with people that had no money, she was a literal cunt and he had no emotional attachment to her either.

Calista was walking towards one of the most expensive sections and Kyle instantly knew that he might have made a mistake.

But she soon stopped and pointed to a car and Calista picked this car because she wanted to call his bluff.

The salesman immediately walked in front of them and began his pitch.

"This is the Lamborghini Sian! It cost a whopping $3,700,000 but this is a steal as the insurance is inclusive only if you utilise the single payment option! It boasts a 6.5 litre-!" The man was cut short as Kyle raised a finger and turned his attention to Calista.

"Is that what you want?" Kyle asked Calista, and she nodded.

"Now punk out! You can't have that much money just sitting around!" Calista thought to herself.

"We will take it, where do I pay?" Kyle said and even the salesman was shocked.

They hadn't made a sale in a while but this man was ready to do so in a heartbeat.

"R-Right this way, sir," And at this moment, Calista knew that the man before him was the real deal.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 24 - 24: How To Tame A Gold Digger 101
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was about to pay for the car but looked at Calista with a smile, he wanted to see if he could boost her affection before he paid and it worked.

[Update in affection bar!]

[Calista's affection: 62%!]

Kyle couldn't believe his plan worked, the fact that it shot this high meant that he was closer to maxing her affection bar in less than 24 hours.

This was the perfect moment to pay and he instantly instructed the man to swipe his card, everyone but Kyle thought it would decline but to their surprise, it didn't.

[Ding!]

[Spent $3,700,000. 10X Critical Hit. Earned $37,000,000! 6X Bonus Critical Hit. Earned $222,000,000! The money has been transferred to account XXX-XXX-XXX!]

[Spent at least $3,700,000 on a beautiful lady!]

[You have received 1 lottery ticket!]

[Do you want to draw?]

[YES][NO]

Kyle realised at that moment that the system granted him a lottery each time he crossed a milestone, he was beginning to understand how his system worked.

However, the amount of money in his account made him feel like a demi-god, he had found an effective way to get the best out of his cashback system.

Kyle proceeded with the draw by clicking the [YES] icon and the draw began. This happened all in the blink of an eye.

[Congratulations! You have drawn Instant Comprehension!]

[Mansion: The user has received the ability to instantly grasp complex concepts, ideas, and information with no prior knowledge of the information.]

Kyle was expecting something more fancy but this skill would aid his ability to understand things instantly and that was important if he was going to climb the food chain.

He used his perfect memory to recall the contract that he had signed and just like that, he understood every single detail of said contract like he was the one that wrote it.

Kyle was amazed by this, Calista still didn't know how to react to the car that Kyle had just bought her.

They were given the car keys but Kyle bought it in her name so she had full ownership even if something should happen between them.

"I-I don't know how to thank you…" Calista said as she stood in front of the car, her hands trembling in excitement.

The thing about women was that they would never step down, Kyle had just done for her what only the top 1% of men were capable of, effectively distorting her personal view of her perceived value and her standards.

There is a reason why women tolerate bullshit from their rich partner, it is because the chances they can find another is close to 0 but this didn't hold for the man.

He will find someone just like them and even better, Kyle knew that this would secure Calista's loyalty to him and the fact that she wanted to be an actress and was in his agency further cemented his influence in her life.

"You already did…" Kyle responded with a smile, Calista entered the car and she knew that if the agency were to see her in the car, they would probably treat her with utmost respect.

"Do you want a ride?" Calista asked.

"I have a car too, silly," Kyle responded.

"Shit! I forgot," Calista retorted and both of them laughed as Calista soon pulled away from the driveway.

[Update in affection bar!]

[Calista's affection: 75%]

Kyle sighed, he knew all it took right now was another big spending in the hundreds of millions to become a billionaire but to max out Calista's affection bar.

Kyle couldn't believe how fast things were moving and sat in his car for a minute to not only reply to Jane but to take it all in.

The harem system made sure he went out of his way to pay attention to the women in his harem, it made it a requirement as well but he had no control over who got into his harem.

Kyle pulled out of the driveway and the salesman was speechless. It has been a long time since someone had made such a purchase and there was no way he would have guessed someone dressed like that had that kind of money.

Kyle went to his apartment to get some proper rest, this was the only place he could let his guard down and sleep to his satisfaction.

He parked his car outside and noticed that Mr Jones' car wasn't around, that must mean he had fixed it.

Kyle heaved a sigh of relief as this meant he wouldn't be doing them any more favours.

The moment his tired body hit the bed, Kyle passed out into another realm, falling into a deep slumber.

-

Jane was anxiously waiting for Kyle's response, she didn't know if she did anything wrong as he hadn't spoken to her since the date but she also didn't want to come off as desperate.

She had to bid her time and this was why Ella snatched the phone out of his hand to help her reply to him. And there was nothing Jane could do but wait for a response.

And the moment he did, she jolted up and Ella noticed this from the corner of her eye.

"He has replied, hasn't he?" Ella asked. She didn't know what this man did but he had a hold on her friend that she didn't particularly like.

If this man had this much power over her, it would be easy to ruin her just as easily and Jane was a lady that fell too hard too quickly.

[[Hey you, I have been rather busy but I had a blast with you as well and would love to do it all again! Have you been a good girl?]]

The message read, it was short and straight to the point but Jane had no idea what to respond with. She was so engrossed in her phone that she didn't even notice Ella, who had snuck up behind her.

"Awwww," Ella whispered behind her and Jane quickly tried to hide her phone but Ella was quicker as she managed to snatch the phone out of her hand.

"I think it is time I meet this mystery man…" Ella said, holding off the smaller Jane with one hand as she typed away on the second.

"All… done," She said before handing Jane the phone, Jane could have easily taken it from her if she wanted to yet she didn't show that she might have wanted Ella to reply to it for her.

"Y-You invited him over!?" Jane screamed at the top of her lungs.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 25 - 25: An Opportunity?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Calista went to the JPD Agency and the moment she pulled in with her new ride, everyone's jaw dropped.

Carly was surprised that this was the same woman that had been there the previous day but Calista was aware that Kyle's wealth was as solid as he had displayed so far.

There was no doubt that she could use him to kickstart her career but she couldn't be hasty.

She had to bide her time carefully because she was aware of what could potentially happen should she act inappropriately.

She didn't know what his deal was but she was going to milk every penny he had. She couldn't help but wonder how he was that good in bed.

He reached places she didn't even know could be reached.

The saying that rich people are compensating for what they lack clearly didn't apply to Kyle but now wasn't the time to be having sex flashbacks.

Calista was quickly directed to Isabella, Isabella was majestic but Calista was aware that she had to be on good terms with her so she could find her the best jobs.

She knew Isabella would have other clients and the best picks would most likely get the top jobs.

She wanted to be among the top picks and it started with building a good relationship with this woman right here.

"Calista Wave, was it?" Isabella said, looking up her application on the computer.

"That is correct, I'm Calista Wave and I was here yesterday…" Calista responded abruptly.

"I have gone through your reference and have seen the movies you have been in. You have no experience in being the main lead, is that correct?" Isabella questioned.

Calista felt embarrassed, if she watched the movies then there was a chance that she wouldn't take her seriously as an actress.

"That is correct but I am ready for the next step in my career and that is why I have come to you," Calista responded, she was full of confidence and Isabella liked that.

But it took more than confidence to be a successful actress or everyone would be one.

"Then you have come to the right place!" Isabella reassured her with an upbeat tone.

Calista knew, at this moment, that this woman might be her last hope for stardom.

Isabella checked her computer and there were a few openings available or more accurately, auditions.

"Calista, are you ready to get to work right away?" Isabella questioned, taking Calista by surprise as she didn't know there would be jobs available soon.

"At your command ma'am!" Calista responded, Isabella smiled at this response.

"Please, call me Isabella," She responded with a broad smile that made Calista's heart pound for a second. Isabella was such a beautiful woman that even straight women couldn't help but admire her.

Either way, she made the most important step in her career on this day and Isabella kept Kyle's involvement to herself as he had explicitly told her not to mention it.

Isabella was the face of the Agency and Kyle wanted it to remain that way.

The last thing he needed was all the attention that came with having these assets, at least not now as he was still trying to figure his life out.

-

A few hours had passed and Kyle finally woke up, he went to take a shower.

In the middle of his steaming hot shower, the water was cut short and Kyle was left with an unsatisfied feeling, this happened every now so it wasn't an unheard of event.

It was simply one of those things, Kyle tied his towel but before he could change into his clothes.

He heard a knock at the door and the only person that ever knocked at his door was Mr. Jones.

He must have returned from wherever he went to

He contemplated putting on clothes first but he liked to mess with Mr. Jones as he might as well be his only friend.

Kyle walked to the door and opened it but the person he saw wasn't the man he recognized.

It wasn't a man at all, it was Aiysha. Kyle immediately regretted his action.

"O-Oh shit! I am sorry!" Kyle apologised as he abandoned the door and hurried to his room to be decent.

Aiysha let herself in and it took a little over a minute for Kyle to dress up before returning.

"I came to inform you that the water would be out as maintenance is being done but it looks like I am already too late," Aiysha made a joke to break the awkwardness. She saw nothing wrong in seeing Kyle in that state.

She was a gym instructor so she had seen people in more compromising positions that outlined parts of their bodies that shouldn't be visible.

"Ha! You sure are!" Kyle responded before a deafening silence followed.

"You know, you should think about giving the gym a try," Aiysha said but Kyle couldn't hold her eyes for long once again.

He hated it but it made him uncomfortable so he chose to look at the space between her eyes, not like she would know the difference.

"Are you saying I am not fit enough?" Kyle questioned with a raised eyebrow before playfully flexing his nonexistent muscles.

Aiysha couldn't hold in her laughter, she had a cute laugh, and it was high-pitched.

"That isn't what I am saying but it wouldn't hurt to bring out the full potential of your body," Aiysha said, this was true and something that Kyle agreed with.

It might also be a good way to pass the time because something told him that time would be something that he would no longer have.

"I will only give it a try if you are my trainer," Kyle said without thinking, he said this with the purest of intention but after saying it, he realised that it could easily be misinterpreted.

Before he could explain the context, however, Aiysha gave him a response.

"I wouldn't have it any other way,"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 26 - 26: Hi, I Am Ella
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The strange exchange with Aiysha came to an end, it was hard for Kyle to say if she was flirting with him or being friendly but he hoped it was the latter.

There was no doubt that she exuded a kind of aura that piqued his interest but this was an interest he couldn't act on.

He checked his phone and saw that Jane had replied a few minutes but was surprised by her invitation for him to come over.

[[Hey, here's a crazy idea, want to come over?]]

That was all the message said and there was only one thing that came to his mind which was sex, was she calling him over to seal the deal?

If that was the case then he had grossly misjudged her but there was also a possibility that this wasn't the case.

Kyle wanted to stay optimistic, he already had a golddigger in his harem, and the last thing he needed was another one.

He wasn't going to turn down Jane's generous offer and with nothing else to do, he was down for it as he had nothing to lose in regards to this.

He got dressed and headed out, trying his best to avoid Aiysha as he didn't know what her deal was as of yet but some tension in their conversation seemed to be on the rise.

She never visited his place before to report any problems and always waited for her husband to do so but maybe that was for her safety? Maybe it was because she thought Kyle was some dangerous bum but after interacting with him, her view changed.

Kyle got into his car and drove to Jane's place. He didn't know what she wanted but he was going to accept her offer, sending a text message to confirm his acceptance of said invitation.

-

It took a few minutes as Kyle was driving at the speed limit, his driving skills made him feel invincible, it was almost like he was immune to accidents at this point.

Kyle knew she had a roommate but he didn't know the gender of the said roommate, it would be weird if she stayed with a man who wasn't her relative and his brief visit didn't detect any masculine presence.

If a man were living there, he would have left some kind of imprint in the apartment.

Kyle parked in the driveway, he knew that Jane would be waiting for him and probably knew right when Kyle pulled up. He was right.

Jane peeped through the window and shut the blinds when she saw Kyle's car.

"HE'S HERE!" Jane exclaimed, Ella shot her friend an exhausted look.

She was acting like a schoolgirl in love and this was a recipe for disaster.

This man must be a love bomber of some sort and when he inevitably left her friend broken, she would be the one to pick up the pieces and that was work.

"Relax Jane…" Ella said before clasping the book in her hand shut.

" Go freshen up, I will attend to him," Ella said, choosing her words carefully.

Jane didn't even think twice and ran into the other room.

Ella was aware of men making passes at her despite showing interest in Jane due to her bustier appearance and she was certain that this man was no different.

The doorbell soon rang and she took a deep breath, adjusting her clothes to reveal the top of her cleavage ever so slightly as she opened the door.

She saw a tall man standing in front of her, forcing her to look up to meet his gaze.

"He's taller than I thought he would be," She thought as Kyle flashed her a smile.

"You must be Jane's roommate. Hi, I'm Kyle," Kyle introduced himself even though he knew this lady already knew who he was.

And that was what roommates did, they told each other everything and this interaction would most definitely be discussed as well so Kyle knew he had to be on his best behaviour.

This was why his eyes were focused on her face, not the huge melons

Kyle noticed that she had a goth-like appearance which was appealing in its way but he wasn't going to fall for whatever this was.

"Hello Kyle, I have heard quite a lot about you. I'm Ella," Ella introduced herself.

"That's funny because I have heard nothing about you," Kyle responded, this was meant as a joke and luckily, it was received well by Ella.

"Ah, I see. You are a funny one. I can see why she likes you," Ella responded as she stepped aside to allow Kyle in, Kyle walked past her and heaved a silent sigh of relief.

He had to remain focused because the goal was to max out her bar, the last thing he needed was conflict with her roommate.

Kyle needed the roommate on his side to influence Jane in his absence and that was why he had the leather bag in his hand.

"Why did she invite me over if her roommate was going to be here?" Kyle thought to himself.

Ella had on a black singlet, her tits could barely be contained within as the side of her breasts were visible but due to the colour of the singlet, it was difficult to see her perky nipples.

This was probably for the best because, in the end, Kyle was a man.

Kyle sat down on the couch there with Ella sitting right across him, Kyle could see her smooth thighs crossed over each other, this lady had on bum shorts and had utmost confidence in her body for her to not think to change despite a man coming through only solidifying Kyle's belief that this was a test of some sort.

"JANE! YOUR BOYFRIEND'S HERE!" Ella screamed at the top of her lungs and the very second, Jane rushed out of the room almost as if she was trying to go back in time to stop Ella from saying those words but all she saw was Kyle sitting in the room.

Jane had worn a fitting crop top that hugged her body with a cute skirt that hung just above her knee.

"Hey beautiful," Kyle said with a smile, not minding the presence of Ella and all Jane could do at that moment was stand there like a log of wood with her face flushed red.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 27 - 27: Points Scored
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle waited for her to return and Ella was beginning to feel second-hand embarrassment, maybe this wasn't such a good idea.

"So Kyle, what do you do for a living?" Ella questioned him, this must be concerning the accessories he bought for her friend which consisted of an iPhone and MacBook.

Kyle wasn't sure if he should answer the question or laugh it off because it was none of her business but there was no harm in answering it.

"I'm an entrepreneur and looking to make my way into the movie and music industry," Kyle responded, looking her right in the eyes.

If she was trying to intimidate him, she was doing a horrible job at it.

"Music and movie industry you say?" Ella repeated, her interest in the conversation doubling.

"That is right. I own an Agency that scouts for talents," Kyle knew that he had no job and he couldn't exactly tell her there was some system that gave him money when he spent money on women he found attractive.

That would be bizarre and he would be classified as crazy if nothing else but the Agency gave him a valid source of income for anyone that asked but at this moment, Kyle realised he needed more shares in places to collaborate his wealth should anyone ask.

"You know… I am something of a musician myself," Ella was already pitching herself and who could blame her?

This world only came to people who reached out and grabbed it by the balls.

Kyle knew that she would try to levy his relationship with Jane but this was the opportunity he was looking for to win her over.

"A musical talent? Do you do it for fun or wish to build a career around it?" Kyle questioned despite already knowing the answer to this question.

"A career? I wish! I can't even sell out a bar and it is for free!" Ella laughed.

"It sounds like someone doesn't believe in herself so here's what we are going to do…" Kyle said but before the conversation could progress. Jane finally came out of the room prompting Kyle to not only abandon the conversation he was having with Ella but to give Jane his undivided attention.

Jane couldn't believe that Ella had called him her boyfriend because Kyle could have easily gotten the wrong impression and this could have gone sideways in so many ways.

"Are you done running away?" Kyle asked and Jane just stood there awkwardly.

Kyle got up and walked towards her before gently grabbing her hand.

"Did you not want me to come?" Kyle questioned but he was beginning to pick up that she wasn't the one that sent the text.

She was too unprepared or did she expect him not to come? He hoped she had loosened up, their conversation on their drive back had less tension.

"Oh God no! I wanted you to come, I just didn't…" Jane's voice faded before she could complete the sentence.

"It is fine," This was all Kyle said to calm her down, Jane was a breath of fresh air, she wasn't simply after his money but wanted to spend time with him.

"Here, I got you this…" Kyle said, handing her the gift he had bought for her.

Ella stretched her head to steal a peek but she didn't need to wait long to see what he had gotten.

He noticed that Calista went crazy over Louis Vuitton bags so it must be something that ladies liked. That was what Kyle was banking on and he bought two bags for her.

They cost $3,000 each and this gave Kyle an additional $120,000 with the bonus hit bringing his current net worth to approximately $222,200,000.

Ella's jaw dropped, she couldn't believe her eyes but she quickly averted her gaze.

"Ella! He got us bags!" Jane exclaimed, Ella was surprised by this because she swore that it was for Jane and it was, Jane was simply that kind of person.

It happened with the food as well but either way, this worked in Kyle's favour.

Ella jumped out of her chair and rushed towards Jane, both ladies were so focused on the bag that they momentarily forgot about Kyle's existence.

Just what Kyle needed to take a look at Ella's body and boy, did she have a banging body?

Kyle licked his lips, having sex with Calista had intensified his sexual urge and there was no way any sane man wouldn't want to explore the body before him.

Her ass cheeks could be seen, just the cups of her buttocks and Kyle just knew they jiggled, he wondered how soft there were but before his perverse mind could go any further.

"Thank you so much!" Ella exclaimed before hugging him, her breasts pressed firmly against his chest, he could feel her nipples poking him beneath her singlet; however, he kept his hands to himself.

"I-I am relieved you liked it," Kyle spoke like he didn't know the value of what he had just done.

Thankfully, before the entity between his legs could come to life, Ella broke her embrace, admiring the bag in her hand.

Jane looked at Kyle and she couldn't contain her smile.

"You really didn't have to," Jane assured him but her reaction, she loved this.

"If it made you this happy, it was worth… After all, who wouldn't want to see that pretty smile?" Kyle complimented her and once again, Jane's face flushed red.

Kyle was beginning to pick up that she must not have gotten a lot of compliments growing up, did she grow up ugly and become this beauty into adulthood?

If so, that would explain a lot and Kyle was going to exploit this but from the corner of his eyes, he noticed Ella staring right at him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 28 - 28: Muah!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The rest of the day went as expected, Kyle got to know Ella and also noticed that Jane was more comfortable around her friend. He could tell that they were friends for a long time.

She made faces and spoke more than she did that entire date but that was to be expected.

She was with her roommate, she was home but Kyle noticed that Ella's demeanor had changed.

Before, it felt like she was testing him but now, she wasn't as talkative and looked like she was lost in her head most of the time, this meant that they didn't continue the conversation regarding her talent.

Time went by in a flash and Kyle knew that there was such a thing as staying too long.

He wasn't about to make that mistake but he noticed that buying her the bag didn't increase her affection bar either confirming that Jane wasn't driven by money.

It was just as he thought, money wasn't the factor for her affection even though it was what probably set it in motion.

This lady liked him genuinely, that was a nice thought that warmed Kyle's heart.

"Okay ladies, I think it is time for me to leave," The moment Kyle said, Ella snapped out of her daydream.

"That was quick," Ella involuntarily blurted out, Kyle had been here for approximately two hours, and that was long enough for a visit even though he had hoped for something else during this visitation.

"That is right, it is time for me to leave," Kyle reaffirmed his stance as he got to his feet, Jane looked disappointed but that was to be expected.

She might not have been the one that texted him to come over but she enjoyed his company a little too much.

"Jane, can I see you for a minute? It was a pleasure meeting you Ella," Kyle said.

"The pleasure was mine! Thank you so much for the bag, I don't even know how to thank you," Ella was almost speechless at this point, she couldn't count how many times she had said this already.

"Promise you will never give up on your dream…" Kyle said. This was unexpected and took Ella by surprise. This was the first time that someone had paid this much attention to her without trying to take off her clothes.

"I promise!" Ella exclaimed with a broad smile.

"Then we are even," Kyle responded before walking out the door with Jane following behind him. Ella couldn't explain it but this man, he was different.

-

"It wasn't you that texted me, was it?" Kyle could see through it and Jane looked embarrassed.

"It wasn't…" She confessed.

"So you didn't have a good time with me?" Kyle asked, feigning disappointment.

"I DID! I-I mean I did, that part was me," Jane said but once again, this was Kyle pulling her leg.

"I am glad you did…" Kyle responded as she walked him to his car.

"Say Jane…" Kyle said, prompting Jane to lean in close as he was barely audible.

"Yes?" Jane responded, giving him the go-ahead to speak further.

"If I were to kiss you right now, what would you do?" Kyle asked and Jane froze, she didn't expect him to say something this bold but Kyle needed to know what she responded to.

He couldn't leave without figuring it out but Jane's awkward silence told him that she had no idea what to say. He didn't mind that. No, that was what he was hoping for.

"Because I really want to kiss you right now," Kyle said as he leaned in slowly, Jane's heart was about to fly out of her chest because this was the last thing she expected but Kyle stopped mere inches from her lips.

"... Do you want to kiss me?" Kyle asked, Jane licked her lips before nodding slowly to give him the go-ahead, her breathing was laboured.

Then it happened, Kyle's lips touched hers, the kiss was gentle as he wrapped a hand around her waist to draw her in, his tongue slithering into her mouth as their tongues danced.

Kyle could feel her inexperience, she wasn't that great a kisser but this was not a bad thing, Kyle wouldn't be surprised if she was a virgin. The all-too-familiar cyan screen appeared once again.

[Update in affection bar!]

[Jane's affection: 80%!]

"80%! Holy fucking shit! That is a lot!" Kyle couldn't help his thoughts.

Kyle knew that the reason it rose this much was that this was the accumulation of feelings finally being released, Jane was unsure about him or his intention but this kiss gave her the answer she sought, a cure to her overthinking.

Kyle knew he had to be gentle with her and this was why he kept his hand on her waist instead of grabbing the flesh beneath.

"You are worth me coming here," Kyle said with a smile before entering his car but waiting for Jane to get back into her house before he left the area.

Jane couldn't believe he had just kissed her, she needed to process what just happened.

One thing was for sure, Kyle had left an impression on both women but did he potentially set up an event that could ruin their friendship? That was yet to be seen.

-

Kyle was close, he was getting close and he knew he could level up his system with one more interaction with both women but he couldn't rush it either.

He couldn't be perceived as desperate or that might undo all the work he did.

He did enough with Calista to keep her indebted to him or rather, his money because no sane woman would fumble the bag that bad.

And Jane, this kiss would give her something to fantasize about, she sought love and romance, a fantasy Kyle knew he had to play into.

He drove down the road but he was going somewhere familiar, a place that set this chain of events which was his former place of employment.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 29 - 29: The Best Revenge!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle exited his car and walked into the store, the part-timer who worked there was stunned that Kyle was driving such a sweet ride.

"Hey, Kyle!" The younger man greeted Kyle. Kyle had no qualms with him as he was a good person who treated him nicely.

"You still work here?" Kyle asked, surprised because with him gone, the boss would want him to fill in for longer hours.

Kyle knew he wouldn't find anyone else willing to work for the pay he had accepted, this was why the workload would be on this part-timer.

"Hahaha! What can I say, I could use the cash!" He responded.

"Fair enough," Kyle responded, he wasn't about to hand him over some money just because he complained about being broke.

"Can I help you with something?" The man questioned.

"I worked here, remember?" Kyle responded, shaking his head in disbelief.

He could tell the man wanted to ask whose car he was in but he knew how to mind his business.

This was why he kept his mouth shut but the reason Kyle was here wasn't to shop, he came here to see the owner, Ryder.

"Is Ryder here?" Kyle asked, disregarding the honorifics that were once attached to his name.

"Um… I think so, I could check for you if you would like," The younger man informed him.

Kyle forgot for a second that not everyone in this place was an asshole.

"That would be helpful," Kyle responded with a sigh of relief, the man left his post momentarily to check Ryder's office.

Kyle waited patiently but it was taking longer than expected, the man probably thought Kyle was here to beg him for his old job.

However, after five minutes, the man came out with the younger man returning to his post.

"What is it, Kyle?" Ryder questioned in a condescending tone, Kyle was aware of this place's financial situation so he knew that Ryder was barely hanging on.

"Mr. Ryder, it looks like you are doing well," Kyle said with a broad smile confusing Ryder.

"If you are here to beg for your old job back, I will only reconsider if you work for half the pay," Ryder gave Kyle'a an ultimatum.

This was how he took advantage of him in the past but this wasn't the past, Kyle couldn't help but chuckle.

Ryder was a reminder of how pathetic he was but that was in the past.

"Did I say something funny? Keep laughing and you will work for a quarter of the pay and this is me still being gene-!" Ryder shut his mouth after being interrupted by Kyle.

"Did you like listening to yourself talk? Have you ever learned to shut your mouth and listen? For the first time, Kyle disrespected the man he once called his boss.

"How dare you…! Get out before I call the police!" Ryder barked but Kyle was unfazed.

"You know, I am aware of your financial struggle and learned that this building doesn't even belong to you but is rented…" Kyle said.

"And how's that your concern?" Ryder questioned, prompting Kyle to chuckle as he brought out his phone to show him something.

"What is this?" Ryder questioned before taking Kyle's phone, Kyle was still using his old phone when he could easily be using the latest gadgets but that was partly due to him not seeing the importance of changing a working phone.

"It is the deed to this place, I have bought it," Kyle informed him to which Ryder laughed.

"Sur Kyle, sure…" Ryder dismissed this as mere delusion and who could blame him?

This was a man who could barely afford three-square meals talking about buying this building in a few days. That was unheard of.

But Ryder's phone soon rang and he looked down before looking back at Kyle however his facial expression had changed.

He excused himself for a moment to pick up the phone and there it was, Ryder returned a few seconds later but his smug attitude was nowhere to be seen.

"H-How?" Ryder questioned but Kyle didn't care about the conversation that was about to follow.

"Give me the key and leave," Kyle said, he could have said so many things but Ryder was below a reaction.

He had taken the one thing that sustained him away from him, he could spend the rest of the days jerking off in peace.

"You arrogant bastard! Do you think this is over? This isn't over! I need to get my goods and…!" Ryder barked but the loudest dog rarely bit. Kyle took a deep breath before exhaling.

"Do I need to call the police? Check your account balance," Kyle requested and the moment Ryder heard the police, his rebellious nature was suppressed. He looked at his account balance only to see that Kyle had transferred money, buying out everything in the store.

He reluctantly handed him the keys because if the police got involved, things could get complicated as he had no reason for resisting.

Ryder packed his things and left, Kyle had no idea what to do with the building but there was an awkward silence between himself and Nate.

"Um… I just lost a job, didn't I?" Nate questioned with a defeated look.

"Just leave, Nate," Kyle said but before Nate left the building, there was one more thing that Kyle told him.

"You want to leave empty-handed, take anything you want and give the rest to a shelter. I will be in touch," Kyle told him before handing him the keys.

"Holy shit! Are you giving me this place!?" Nate asked but Kyle just stared at him, Nate could tell he was tired of his antics.

"I mean, you can't blame me for trying," Nate confessed but Kyle wasn't going to push it.

He knew that Nate was trustworthy, there were so many opportunities for him to dip his hand into the cashier to steal some money but he never did, even the goods within the stores.

He was an honest person, that was rare but Kyle knew whatever he was going to turn this place to, it definitely wouldn't be a store.

Kyle had spent approximately $1,200,000. This was why the permit and documents were given so swiftly as he had given them a price they couldn't even think of refusing and the money he spent to buy the goods in the store was inclusive in the total sum.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 30 - 30: Is She Friendly Or...?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle just bought a building to spite Ryder, he wanted to ruin his life like he did his. In the end, it wasn't Calista that messed his life up, if Ryder took his side or fixed the damn CCTV cameras then none of this would have happened even though it turned out to be a blessing in disguise.

Kyle didn't even know what he wanted to do with the building but he would figure something out eventually because he not only had all the money in the world but time as well.

Nate was a strange person but he was an honest man even though it would be more profitable in this corrupt world to be dishonest but maybe he hadn't seen that temptation to question his moral principle?

Kyle watched Nate pack as much goods as he could, he could very well take everything to sell it without giving a single thing to the shelter.

This wasn't Kyle's concern but it was a good way to measure the type of person he was.

Kyle walked out of the building after Nate gave him one of the many keys attached to the keyholder.

This was worth the money, the defeated look on Ryder's face brought a smile to his face as he drove away from the scene.

This was the upside of having money, it gave him the freedom to do as he pleased and he was beginning to enjoy every second of it.

He chuckled at the thought of Ryder losing himself, that was what he got for fucking with him.

Kyle returned home, he wanted to get a bigger place, it was time to start living life to its fullest but he had to get a real estate agent to find him the best of the best.

But Kyle also knew it was too early to spend his money on himself because it wouldn't multiply. He was so close to being a billionaire.

If he could accomplish that then the sky would be his limit, he would truly be among the top 1% but Kyle knew he needed to meet people of similar status.

This was the only way to expand his influence and network but that could wait as the car stopped at the driveway.

He noticed that Mr. Jones wasn't back yet either but he hoped that he wouldn't run into Aiysha either.

Aiysha was a woman he didn't quite understand but Kyle hoped that he was the one misinterpreting it.

Kyle entered the building and walked down the hall but it was like the universe was trying to set him up at this point as he saw Aiysha in the hallway.

"For fuck's sake…" Kyle thought to himself, he wanted nothing to do with her because he knew there was a thin line between appropriate and inappropriate.

This was another man's wife but he noticed that she was trying to push something into her apartment.

"Thank goodness Kyle, I need your help!" Aiysha said, gesturing for him to come over.

Kyle knew he couldn't just leave her to her devices because, in the end, she was still Mr. Jones' wife so he extended his kindness to her as he would to her husband.

Kyle got a clearer view of the item she was trying to get into her house, it was a small couch but why didn't the movers take it into the house?

Kyle also noticed what she had on, she had on a loose baggy shirt that almost showed her entire breasts when she bent down to life.

"What the…!" Kyle thought to himself, he tried to look away but he couldn't stop himself.

"We lift on the count of three…" Aiysha said, bringing Kyle's attention back to the couch.

He didn't know if this was a good idea but as long as he had self-control, what could go wrong?

"One, two, three!" Aiysha said before attempting to lift it and Kyle supported the weight, Kyle was surprised that she had the physical strength to lift it off the ground at all as he barely managed to do so.

The couch was heavy but he began to notice a pattern. They could have had the candles delivered to their home but they didn't and now a couch was dropped right in front of their door.

"They are broke…" Kyle thought to himself, they did everything in their power to cut out extra costs. He knew because this was him a few days ago until his life changed for the better.

Kyle knew that asking her why they didn't pay for the movers to take the couch into the apartment would hurt her ego so he kept his mouth shut.

This was the first time he had been in Mr. Jones' house. He quickly noticed that the furniture and items were barely standing but it was sparkling clean regardless showing that they, at least, took their hygiene seriously.

Kyle noticed that there was a yoga mat in the living room but that wasn't his business, he needed to get out of there.

"Thank you so much! You are a lifesaver! Do you need anything to drink?" Aiysha asked, Kyle noticed her chocolate skin drenched in sweat to the point that her shirt was sticking to her chest, he could see the outline of her breasts and Kyle took this as another test.

"No thank you, I need to go," Kyle informed her but she wasn't going to take no for an answer.

"I insist, you helped me out and I don't feel like owing you another favour," Aiysha pushed.

Kyle took a deep breath, he conceded and accepted her offer as there was no telling how this would affect his relationship with her should he reject this harmless gesture.

He needed to get out of his head, Mrs. Jones was married, there was no way she wouldn't be faithful when her husband was such an amazing man.

Kyle sat on the couch and waited for her to fetch something to drink.

She brought him an energy drink before sitting on her yoga mat.

"You are quite strong, I was surprised you could lift the couch," Kyle tried to initiate a conversation as it beat awkward silence.

Aiysha chuckled upon hearing this as she sat in a meditative pose, legs crossed almost like she was showing off her flexibility.

"I could say the same for you! Maybe you could show me how you got so strong," Aiysha said in a suggestive tone and once again, she made a statement that could be deemed as a tease but this time, Kyle was certain.

Aiysha was flirting with him and this was when he knew he needed to get out of here.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 31 - 31: Well, That Was Awkward.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle found himself in a compromising position, he took a sip from the energy drink in hand because his day had not only been slow but rather tiring.

He gave her the benefit of the doubt, this woman must have just been playful by nature but this time, Kyle couldn't take his eyes off her body.

"You don't mind if I do my yoga, do you?" Aiysha requested. Kyle was but a guest in her home so it would be ridiculous if he thought he had a say in what she did in her home.

"Sure," Kyle said, sitting back because he knew he was about to enjoy the show that was about to begin.

He noticed that she was facing away from him so he could see her backside in all its glory as she began with the downward-facing dog, her ass raised in the air with her hands touching the floor.

Kyle could imagine grabbing her by the waist and just ramming it in, the shorts she wore revealed the outline beneath her buttocks.

He knew he had to purify his thoughts or his cock might just hear his call but then he watched her slowly change her pose, touching her toes with her ass still raised in the air.

"What kind of demonic flexibility is this!?" Kyle thought to himself, she was a thick woman so this kind of flexibility surprised him.

"~Hmmmm, that hit the spot~" Aiysha's voice was strained, it almost sounded like a moan as she returned to her default position.

Kyle understood that she was used to this, there was no way she would be a workout instructor without being confident in her body, so this level of exposure or dressing was ideal for working out while Kyle might have found it alluring, it might be an everyday situation for Aiysha.

"Get it together…" Kyle thought to himself, slowly readjusting to hide his semi-hard cock.

"Hey, come over here," Aiysha called out but Kyle pretended not to hear her as he thought of the most disgusting thing known to mankind to return his cock to its flaccid state.

Kyle managed to do this and walked towards her, he didn't know what she wanted but he knew she wouldn't try to do anything that would put either of them in a compromising position.

"Come closer, I won't bite," Aiysha gestured for him to stand in front of her as she held his feet, Kyle didn't know what she planned to do but it should be harmless, right?

She used his feet as support to do a handstand, with her legs placed firmly on Kyle's shoulder, she was using his body as a support for her weight but something happened.

The baggy shirt she was wearing had all but lost against gravity, exposing the underside of breasts but due to the position he was in, that was all he could see.

Sweat was exploring the crevices he wished he could, slipping between and around them.

And because she was pressed up against Kyle, she could feel his crotch pressed against her stomach.

"T-This is bad!" Kyle thought to himself as he could feel the blood leaving his brain and finding the meat between his legs.

".... And that's a wrap!" Aiysha said as she fell to the ground, she had only used him for a few seconds but it felt like minutes for Kyle.

Kyle began to realize that this shift in his hormones might be the effects of having sex with someone as experienced as Calista.

That was the only thing on his mind right now for some reason, it had awakened something in him but this was a forbidden fruit he knew he couldn't take a bite out of.

"I think I should probably get going," Kyle said to Aiysha, she looked over at him and realized that sweaty thighs had soaked into his clothes.

"I am so sorry! I didn't mean to make your life harder," Aiysha said but there was an awkward silence that followed as her eyes slowly looked at his crotch only to see that Kyle was erect.

"Oh…" That was all she said.

"It is fine, it happens all the time with my client! There is nothing to feel embarrassed about," Aiysha tried to reassure him.

She understood he was a man in the end and this was something that even the men she trained frequently experienced or even women.

It was normal to get aroused during a workout, it wasn't necessarily sexual.

"Embarrassed? It is just an erection…" Kyle knew he had to maintain face, this would only be a big deal if he made it a big deal.

All he had to do was downplay the situation but Aiysha's eyes kept darting between his face and crotch like she wasn't sure which to pay attention to.

"Geez, my eyes are up here," Kyle said playfully, mimicking the voice of a woman prompting Aiysha to chuckle.

This situation could have been a lot worse but Kyle handled it with his humor and that contained what could otherwise be a disastrous situation.

"I am sorry for messing up your clothes, bring it over later and I will fix it," Aiysha said.

If she wanted to make a move on Kyle, now would have been the perfect time to make Kyle wonder if this was how she was with everyone.

"It is fine, I need to do the laundry either way," Kyle said as he began to walk towards the door.

The possibility that she had invited him to the gym because she saw he was doing well for himself and simply chose to market her service might have no other meaning.

This little showing of hers might be her way of showing him the results of her training and how effective it was. This was the story that Kyle was sticking with, he had to otherwise it would affect the way he interacted with her.

Kyle returned to his renovated apartment, the old television was replaced with a 52'' flat screen hanging on the wall but the raging boner she had given him was all that he could think about right now and there was only one person who came to mind when it came to relieving the pent up blood, that was Calista.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 32 - 32: Audition.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Calista already had an audition to prepare for, this agency had done in hours what her previous one couldn't do in months showing the sheer difference in quality between them both.

She drove in her new car and everyone looked on in awe as they all assumed she was a high-profile person who would help her chance at getting featured but in reality, Calista knew that she might not have the talent to secure the role so she had to sell the illusion of power.

But she had nothing to lose by trying, she was attended to first or rather, she was one of the few people that had taken time to look her best so naturally she was treated differently from those that didn't especially with the car she drove in with.

This movie wasn't the one that would put her on the red carpet as it was a low-budget movie that wouldn't even make its way to cinemas but Calista knew it would look good on her résumé.

She needed to build a portfolio that made people take her seriously, she hadn't told Kyle about her audition or any of her plans regarding the future.

But she found herself feeling anxious, her heart was pounding as she knew that this was the first step in building her career.

"Miss Wave…?" A man with a clipboard walked into the room. She didn't even wait up to five minutes compared to the hours that others made.

Because of Isabella's influence, her clients were treated as top priority.

Calista walked into the room and there was a camera and three people seated behind a table.

Two women and one man but she instantly recognized the man as one of the more famous producers in the industry even though he has been involved in a few controversies.

She was given a script as she sat in front of a camera and they watched her through a monitor.

Calista wondered why they did this when they could watch her in person but this was because they wanted to see how she looked behind the camera.

"... And action!" The man said as she was given. A script to read from, Calista had to deliver the lines while conveying varying emotions.

She had the looks no doubt but her talent was lacking for the role.

The two women weren't impressed but the man gazed upon her lustfully.

This person was Lucas Rossini and he was one of the major powers in making this movie so his say and decision outweighed that of the two women beside him.

"That will be all Miss Calista, we will get back to you," The brunette lady seated to his left said but Rossini couldn't help it.

Calista dressed well for the part and this included subtly showing off her assets like she wanted to weaponize her sexual appeal and it worked.

She left the room and while the women were deliberating, Rossini said firmly.

"I have found my Rachel," Rossini said bluntly, taking both women by surprise as they still had a week to figure out the casts.

This was hasty but they knew what kind of man Rossini was so they had little to nothing to say.

They had other roles to fill but also knew that Rossini would most likely change his mind should another beauty step in but there was something about Calista that made her stand out.

-

Calista stepped out of the room and the weight off her shoulder lifted, her heart felt calm and the adrenaline rush boosted her mood.

She wanted to tell someone about this news and the only person she had on her phone who she could tell such a piece of news was Kyle.

But she didn't know how to approach this as she wanted to separate these two things.

She knew she couldn't make Kyle a part of her life or it would blur the line she was trying to create.

"Fuck it!" Calista muttered to herself as she picked up her phone to call Kyle but to her surprise, her phone rang at that exact moment.

The caller ID was Kyle and she immediately composed herself as she couldn't sound too desperate or excited.

"Hi Kyle, are you alright?" Calista began the phone call and after a little small talk, she spilled the beans.

"I have good news! I don't know if you know this but I went for an audition today and think I might have gotten the part!" Calista involuntarily exclaimed.

She couldn't hold back anymore and didn't even know when the words left her mouth.

[[Oh shit! Congratulations! This calls for a celebration!]] Kyle responded but this was just an excuse to get Calista in a room to satisfy his carnal urges.

He didn't care about a thing she told him as Kyle was the reason her application even got accepted in the first place.

Calista was getting flashbacks of that night and looked forward to recreating that moment once again.

"You know what? How about I come to your place," Calista suggested. She wanted to take that step because if she knew where Kyle lived, it would be harder for him to disappear from her.

Even though in reality, Kyle could simply just relocate.

"You know what? Come over," Kyle gave her the go ahead, surprising her.

She expected him to say no but him saying yes took her off guard.

Before long, the conversation came to an end as Kyle texted her the address.

Calista hopped in her car and immediately drove to Kyle with only one thing on her mind.

-

Kyle ended the call and was relieved that she was coming, that was all he cared about.

She wasn't that great an actress, Kyle could tell by the movies she had acted in.

"There's no way she's getting that role," Kyle muttered to himself with a mocking smile.

He didn't care about Calista but Jane was a different case, Kyle liked her innocence because she was his to corrupt.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 33 - 33: Welcome To My Home.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle did a quick clean-up of his room, he knew what inviting her over here would do but that wasn't a concern because he could easily buy a place.

Heck, he could relocate to another country entirely.

However, he didn't think he would need to do something that drastic, Kyle knew that he needed a piece of ass and Calista served that purpose and she did it well.

Kyle sat back and waited for her, downing two cups of water to hydrate himself for the exercise that was about to take place even though he knew he had to pretend to give a shit about her acting.

He couldn't dismiss it or he risked destroying the affection he had built up, he couldn't risk it so what was pretending for a couple of minutes?

His phone rang and he thought this was Calista as she was the only one he was expecting but to his surprise, he saw it was an unknown number,

Kyle was hesitant to pick up the phone but he did regardless however, he didn't speak first.

[[Hello?]] The voice said at the other end, Kyle recognized this voice as he had heard it a couple of minutes ago.

"Hello? Who is this?" Kyle feigned ignorance as he wanted her to introduce herself.

[[It is Ella, I'm surprised you didn't recognize my voice considering we spoke for a couple of hours,]] Ella said from the other end but Kyle knew he couldn't stay on the phone as long as he was expecting Calista.

"Ha! You did make an impression but I'm a busy man," Kyle quickly downplayed her importance as this would subconsciously let her know she was one of many faces that Kyle experiences daily.

[[I can see that…]] Ella said as an awkward pause followed like she was mustering the courage to deliver her next train of thought, Kyle waited patiently.

[[We didn't get a chance to finish our conversation and…!]] Ella was cut off mid-sentence.

"Does Jane know you're calling me?" This was all Kyle asked and the silence that followed gave him his answer.

"What did you call me for?" Kyle asked.

[[I wanted us to continue our discussion. You see, I'm in a band and I could use all the help I can get,]] Ella confessed, she was shameless when it came to her musical career because she knew at this rate, she would crash before she could even begin.

"I don't think that's a conversation to have over the phone so how about we schedule this for another time?" Kyle informed her. He had to keep it professional because he didn't know how Jane would feel and couldn't do anything to mess up the affection meter.

[[That would be great! What time would work for you?]] Ella asked but this was when Kyle realized he needed a place to receive clients.

He was the owner of an agency so there was no doubt he would be having meetings but it would be inappropriate to bring them into his home or places other than an office as it might show a lack of professionalism.

Kyle realized what the building he had bought could be transformed into.

"I will let you know," This was all he said right before ending the phone call shortly after.

He knew he would have to pick up Calista from outside the building as she wouldn't know how to get to his place due to the multiple apartments in this same building.

And then it came, the phone call he was waiting for came in and Kyle picked up after letting it ring once or twice.

Calista was downstairs, she came right away telling Kyle that she wanted to see him just as much but her affection bar was still where it was.

Kyle walked out of his room, walking past Aiysha's apartment but the car she drove in drew everyone's attention.

Kyle knew this kind of thing would happen but he wasn't worried because if the car was stolen, he would just buy another one.

Kyle waved the moment their eyes met and Calista's face quickly creased into a smile.

"Kyle!" She exclaimed, running into his outstretched arms.

Kyle lifted her off the ground and skinned her around before her feet touched the ground once again.

" I missed you," Kyle said with a smile.

" I don't blame you for that," Calista said smugly but Kyle didn't mind this arrogance because she was going to lose it all soon enough.

But staring through the window from their apartment was Aiysha and to her, it now made sense why Kyle could suddenly afford the lifestyle he was living.

It was because he had a sugar mommy or in this case, a rich girlfriend.

She thought he was single and didn't know how to react to this news but it shouldn't be any of her business, should it?

Kyle could feel someone staring at him, his aux sense so to speak as he looked right at Aiysha through the window to which she responded by quickly shutting the blinds.

But not quick enough as Kyle had spotted, it would have made a lot more sense for her to simply smile and save but she acted like she was doing something she shouldn't be doing.

Luckily, Kyle didn't think too much about this and redirected his focus on the lady before him.

"We should head in," Kyle informed her.

He expected Calista to make a face of disgust because he was living in a place that in no way spoke about his wealth in any capacity.

But this was a man who was working as a cashier, if anything, this was the most logical place for him to be living considering the kind of person he was.

"Alright!" Calista responded, holding onto his arm firmly like a girl smitten by her man did in the movies.

"Hm… Did something happen?" Kyle thought to himself, there was something different about her but he was probably overthinking it.

Yeah, that was probably it. N

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 34 - 34: There, There...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle took her to his apartment and his credit, the place didn't look like she had expected.

The team that had worked here did a marvelous job in giving it not only a new look but an apartment fit for a bachelor. Kyle was glad he took the steps to make this place more comfortable, he had the money so there was no reason for him to live like he was struggling.

Calista was impressed, she expected something decent but there was no way that the things inside this place didn't cost a bit.

If anything, it was far more elegant than the apartment she lived in so she had quite low standards for things like this.

She was confused about Kyle and why he chose to live such a life, to begin with.

Why did he pick her when he could clearly have any girl he wants to have especially in a city where gorgeous women are looking for the next man to suck dry. Not to mention that she got him fired from his job and had no qualms about taking his last penny.

Calista sat on the couch, wondering if he was some masochist, only a masochist would do what he was doing.

"Are you okay?" Kyle questioned upon noticing her space out momentarily, he sat right in front of her so he could look at her.

"I'm fine, I just can't believe someone as rich as you is living in such a place," Calista was honest about her thoughts regarding his living conditions.

"What can I say, I'm a man of simple taste…" Kyle responded, his eyes darting to her exposed thighs.

" Simple, huh?" Calista repeated with a smirk.

" I do sometimes have a more 'expensive' taste…" Kyle teased, already applying pressure to get the desired outcome he wished for.

"Is that so, tell me more about it?" Calista indulged him but this was when Kyle knew he had to show her he was different, he had a role to play and he couldn't let his libido mess it up.

"Absolutely but only after you tell me about this audition…" Kyle responded and could tell that Calista was genuinely surprised as he intended the situation to play out.

"I don't want to bore you with the details," Calista tried her best to downplay it.

"As long as it comes out from those pretty lips of yours, I don't think you could ever bore me," Kyle was clever in the way he mixed sweet words to let them lower their guard without invalidating the importance of the conversation.

Kyle knew that as long as he kept the conversation focused on her, he wouldn't have to speak about himself. Women loved talking about themselves and not just women, but people in general.

"I went to an audition earlier today and you wouldn't guess who was there? IT WAS LUCAS ROSSINI!" She exclaimed excitedly, she couldn't help but smile like a variant of Joker who just escaped the asylum.

"Lucas Rossini!? Wow, that is amazing," Kyle responded, trying his best to match her energy but a brief silence ensued.

"Yeah, I have no idea who that is," Kyle responded as he comically shook his head.

Calista had to cover her mouth to stop herself from laughing out loud.

"I auditioned and I knew that the other two ladies didn't like my performance but Rossini looked impressed! I think I might have a shot at this!" Calista was giddy but Kyle instantly knew what was going on.

He might not know who Rossini was but he knew he was a man and if she went there dressed the way she currently was, there was no way a man wouldn't have lustful thoughts.

Kyle knew at that moment that the only reason the man looked impressed was because he was picturing her naked.

She had on a short skirt that revealed most of her thighs with high socks. She must have gone home to change from the dress she had on during their date because this wasn't what he remembered her wearing earlier that day.

The top she had on was unbuttoned a couple of steps down to reveal her bust but Kyle wasn't going to be the one to give her a reality check.

"I am certain you will get the role. You are nowhere where you could be and I know as long as you stay dedicated, you will reach those heights," Kyle said only for Calista to giggle.

"What's funny?" Kyle questioned.

"You sound like an old man…" Calista muttered before that giggle escalated into full-on laughter.

"That's what I get for trying," Kyle said, playfully shaking his head in disbelief.

"C'mon! Don't be like that," Calista tried to bring herself to stop laughing but Kyle's reaction only further proved her statement.

"You're still laughing for fuck's sake!" Kyle barked and Calista almost lost it, his reaction was fuelling the situation even though she knew he was just messing with her.

But this was the perfect way for Kyle to create a trusting aura, she was slowly beginning to see him as more than an ATM but as a potential friend, even partner.

This showed that whatever Kyle was doing was working but it was time to get down to the main event.

"How about you show me how good an actress you are?" Kyle said suggestively, leaning back in his chair.

"Give me a role and find out," Calista said, her voice matching his and Kyle knew that the back-and-forth was a good introduction to the main event.

If he had gone right to it, it wouldn't have been exciting even if Calista would have been down for it.

He didn't just need her body, he already had that, he needed her heart as that was the only way to max out her affection.

"How about you get on your knees and crawl to me while I decide?" Kyle demanded as a perverted smile creased her face.

"Whatever you say, papi,"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 35 - 35: ... About To Bust! [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle watched her get on her knees and crawl to him, he was the director and he was about to make his little actress act out an R-rated scene.

Kyle sat up and gestured for her to keep coming, he had a grin on his face.

She only stopped when she reached between his legs, Kyle spread them before sitting up.

Placing his finger beneath her chin to lift her head upwards, looking right at him.

"You see how easy things are when you listen to me?" Kyle said, his eyes looked like a predator that had conquered its prey.

Calista felt the intensity of his gaze and tried to momentarily look away but Kyle didn't let her do this. Redirecting her gaze towards himself.

"Do not look away from me," Kyle commanded, his tone was authoritative.

"I-I am sorry…" Calista apologized, Kyle could still remember how arrogant she was when they first met. That scene never left his mind and he was going to make Calista addicted to him in ways she never thought possible.

"How about you get up and strip," Kyle commanded her and Calista was taken aback by this because his crotch was right in her face.

He could pull out his cock and have it in her mouth in a second so why did he ask her to strip?

Calista didn't think too much about it and got to her feet as she began to unbutton her shirt.

"... Slowly," Kyle added and Calista reduced her pace until her shirt popped out of her shirt like a prisoner finally escaping its confines.

Kyle zipped down his trousers and took out his cock, it was already throbbing.

Calista bit her lower lips, it looked so good and her mouth salivated thinking about it between her lips.

She tried to take a step forward but Kyle's raised finger nonverbally told her to stay in place.

He began to stroke his cock, looking at her body, examining every curve.

Calista didn't know what to do, he had her here and this was what he chose to do.

She felt like a property being auctioned off but this only turned her on the more.

"Turn around…" Kyle commanded. He wanted to see the body that had made Rossini into a horn dog and he understood that this bitch right here belonged to him.

There was nothing anyone else could do to take them away from him because he was going to be the richest man in the world.

Calista turned around and Kyle saw the outline of her buttocks, this was the perverse body she kept hidden beneath that clothes.

"Do you like what you see Daddy?" Calista asked.

"Did I say you can speak?" Kyle asked and Calista clasped her lips shut.

Kyle kept jerking his cock, it didn't take long for precum to start dripping down his shaft.

"They are so round, so perfect…" Kyle complimented, Calista had never been subjected to something this embarrassing but she was soaked.

This humiliation made her heart pound and she couldn't understand why.

"To appreciate art, one must view it as a spectator, you're my work of art, Calista. Stand still, let me take you in," Kyle commanded and Calista was happy to do so.

Her juices were already dripping down her inner thighs, she had no idea she could be this aroused but Kyle triggered it effortlessly.

He hadn't even touched her, that was the insane part, she could hear footsteps approaching her from behind and had no idea what Kyle had in mind.

"A good meal isn't rushed…" Kyle said as his voice was mere inches from her as his cock pressed against her back. If they told her it was made of steel at that moment, she would have believed.

"Close your eyes," Kyle whispered in her ear, gently biting her earlobe as he withdrew.

Calista gulped, doing as she was told, she was used to people losing their shit the moment they saw her naked body but Kyle was taking his time.

She felt his hands wrap around her waist, slowly making their way to her breasts.

"Ah~" A voice escaped her lips, Kyle was teasing her and she felt like she was about to lose her mind, his touch sent a jolt of lightning coursing through her entire body.

Kyle grabbed both of her breasts, running his hand from below, cupping them in his hands as he scooped them up only to release them to bounce all over the place.

"Mhhhm~"

Calista couldn't keep her mouth shut as Kyle kept playing with her breasts, running his fingers in a circular motion around her erect nipples.

"I-I you keep teasing me… I will~!"

Kyle knew what he was doing, he understood that her breasts were her weakness from their last encounter. This was why he was focused on them.

"You will what?" Kyle whispered in her ear, his hot breath brushing against her neck.

"P-Put it in…" Calista whimpered, her voice barely audible but Kyle wasn't about to let her off easy.

"Pardon? I can't hear you," Kyle responded, trapping her nipples between his fingers as he squeezed on them a little harder than he should.

"F-Fuck!~"

"P-Please! Put your cock in me!"

She pleaded, Kyle chuckled, there was something about hearing someone beg to be fucked.

[Update in affection bar!]

[Calista's affection: 90%!]

This was a bonus and Kyle was pleased with this development, teasing her was the right thing to do and Kyle bent her over.

Calista had to stand on her toes due to their height difference, Kyle aligned the tip of his cock to her coochie slit before placing both hands firmly on her waist.

He slowly pushed it in, watching the tip being swallowed up by the tight black hole between her legs before he could push a full inch inside her.

Calista couldn't wait and slammed her ass down, swallowing up his entire length. She has been waiting for this and she kept throwing that ass back like Kyle's cock was performing an exorcist.

She met Kyle mid-stroke and her eyes gradually rolled to the back of her head with her tongue hanging from her mouth like a dog.

"I'm fucking cumming!!!!~" Calista barked, Kyle realized how loud she was at that moment but he didn't give her shit, this coochie was taking him to another plane of existence.

The walls sucked him in like a vacuum, it didn't want to let him go and Kyle got closer with each stroke. The sound echoed in the room when their flesh collided.

Kyle wrapped his hand around her neck and pulled it back, her legs left the ground as Kyle began to fuck her while she was suspended with his hand around her neck used as a harness.

She couldn't breathe but Kyle didn't care, he was close to his nut but so was Calista as her legs began to shake, it was like her memory momentarily wiped as there was no thought going through her head except the pleasure she was feeling but Calista wasn't the only one having an orgasm as Kyle had one of the most aggressive nuts he has had in his life.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 36 - 36: A Fantasy? [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle would have called himself a madman if he thought something extraordinary would happen to him only a week back.

It hadn't even been a week and he had accomplished things he didn't even conceive was possible.

He kept Calista in the dark about the influence he had in her life, right down to her acting career.

Kyle realized that with the snap of his finger, he could potentially bring it crashing all down.

That thought was relaxing, Calista was passed out in the bed in his room with Kyle opting to take a shower.

His carnal lust was satisfied so there was no more reason for Calista's presence as he realized that money and sex were the keys to her affection bar.

Kyle took in the cold shower, he needed to wash off the sweat and cool off from such an intense session.

Kyle's life was a mystery, no one knew anything about him except that he was a man in his mid-twenties who could barely afford his bills.

But the thing about this country was that it was possible to live off minimum wage even if it was to scrape through life, they would at least have shelter.

That couldn't be said for third-world countries but that didn't mean they weren't still bottom feeders just because they had it a little easier.

"Huh?" Kyle thought to himself as the water that was pelting his skin slowly came to a halt.

The water had been cut short again and this made Kyle realize that this building was falling apart.

It was happening more frequently as well and he also established that Mr. Jones was struggling financially if he had his wife doing all the heavy lifting when he was hard at work.

Kyle couldn't make a big deal out of it and simply wiped off and wrapped his towel around his waist but a Deja Vu was feeling about this.

Aiysha flashed through his mind briefly, Kyle knew it was wrong to think about another man's wife that way but he couldn't help it.

He recalled how flexible she was and before he could keep his thoughts tame, the creature between his legs had woken up.

Kyle sighed, he tried to suppress it but it only became worse, recalling every detail of her body thanks to one of the gifts granted to him by the lottery he had drawn.

He recalled everything like he was seeing it for the first time, making it near impossible to dull the event.

Kyle was glad when he got this skill but he was beginning to think that it might be a curse in the form of a blessing.

Kyle saw Calista sprawled awkwardly on the bed, her belly pressed against the soft mattress with her ass facing Kyle.

Kyle dropped his towel to the ground as he approached the sleeping Calista.

Calista felt the movement on the bed but she didn't bother waking up only to feel something gradually making its way between her legs.

The familiar feeling of Kyle's veiny cock making its way into pussy and she tried to move but Kyle pushed her into the pillow as he pounded away at her.

But he wasn't thinking about her, Kyle was thinking about Aiysha, he swore to himself that this would be a one-time thing.

He just needed to get it out of his system and just as he expected, Calista was already soaking wet.

The moans soon drowned out the room, each stroke feeling better than the last.

Kyle wasn't focusing on her pleasure, he was focusing on his and right now, this was what he wished to do with Aiysha.

-

Ella didn't like the route she took to communicate with Kyle but she knew that Jane would only overthink it if she asked her for his number.

They told each other everything so she had no plans to keep this from her but she hoped that Kyle wouldn't reveal this information to her before she could.

Kyle had plausible deniability as he never got an answer to his question so he could always just say he thought that Jane had given her.

Ella knew she needed help in her failing career as an artist and if Kyle was dating Jane, the chances of him asking her to sleep with him were exponentially low.

He could not only host her.

This was why she latched on because her band members were on the verge of disbanding as it was.

In the end, music is a hobby as long as it doesn't pay the bills.

The truth was, that Ella was barely keeping up with the bills and used her savings to keep Jane from worrying.

She didn't want her to worry and kept the illusion that her band was still going strong but that was far from the truth.

Ella found herself backed into a corner and Kyle was her lifeline but how far was she willing to go?

She had dreams just like any other person in the world, she wanted to be one of the greatest rockstars in the world but as of late, that was becoming more of a fantasy. It was slipping away but that was why Kyle's words impacted her the way they did, she didn't realize how much she needed to hear it until he said them.

Ella stayed home as Jane went in to work, Jane didn't slack off on her job just because her special friend was wealthy.

If anything, she worked harder but Ella knew that this man would potentially get her anything she wanted.

He spent a lot of money on her after only a few minutes of meeting her.

"Hey Ella, are you with me?" A man seated across the table snapped his finger at her.

It was the drummer in the band, Ella had spaced out as he was announcing he had joined another band.

This broke Ella because what she feared was happening right in front of her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 37 - 37: An Unexpected Friend.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was done with Calista, this time, he had properly emptied his balls.

He couldn't even get an erection if he wanted to but he might have overdone it with Calista.

She passed out on his bed and Kyle wanted to go out but he couldn't wake her.

That would be somewhat insensitive, wouldn't it?

Kyle decided to write a note before exiting the house, he knew there was nothing worth stealing and why steal when he had already demonstrated the ability to take care of her needs?

Kyle hopped into his car and got a call from Nate.

He remembered the task he had given Nate but it was a bit too early for him to have carried it out.

"Hello Nate, what's up?" Kyle had no qualms about starting the conversation.

[[Hey man, I'm all done, where do I keep the extra keys?]]

Nate questioned, Kyle could tell he was out of breath but this meant that he carried out the task without any delay.

He has taken Nate out of a job but knows that Nate should be able to get another as he could use the advantage granted by his genes.

However, Kyle knew he was a good person and that he would need people around him if he planned to reach the goal he had planned to achieve.

"Where are you right now?" Kyle asked.

[[I'm at 4th Street… You know what, let me share my location.]] Nate knew this would make it easier for Kyle to track him. Kyle's phone soon beeped prompting him to glance at his phone before bringing it back to his ear.

"Alright, see you soon," Nate responded from the other end of the phone.

Kyle drove to the location, arriving only a few minutes later but what he saw surprised him.

Nate hadn't taken a single thing for himself, he had taken everything from the store and gone to an area well known for harbouring homeless people to distribute the goods.

Kyle had stopped by the road, parking his car a couple of paces away to not draw attention to himself, just out of sight.

He knew approaching Nate by foot was the best course of action, Nate saw him and immediately waved.

Kyle was older than him by a few years but Nate was a person that had earned his respect.

"What are you doing here?" Kyle questioned him as he saw a queue, it was funny seeing homeless people more well-behaved than those who supposedly were more civilized.

This could have easily been Kyle, realizing how lucky he was to have Mr. Jones.

"I know you told me to take it to charity but I have volunteered in some and I will tell you for a fact that they are not as honest as you think," Nate said but this was the same in most organizations.

They tend to take certain things for themselves and then share what they don't want with those that it was originally intended for.

Kyle didn't need an explanation but he was beginning to understand Nate a lot better.

"So you decided to take it upon yourself to do the extra work?" Kyle questioned.

"Haha! It is just a few hours of my time to make their year, I think the trade-off is fair," Nate responded and this brought a warm smile to Kyle's face.

Kyle stood beside him, this took Nate off guard as he expected Kyle to postpone their discussion until he was done with this.

Kyle instead chose to join him in distributing the items, he had nothing else to do and this was a great way to pass the time.

It took a few hours to attend to everyone, he made sure they all got something.

They thanked them with tears in their eyes and Kyle got a grim reminder of what reality was for those without money.

-

They went to a nearby restaurant to eat and rehydrate themselves, it wasn't on the expensive side but they were known for their burgers, it was one of a kind.

"Hey man, I want to thank you for helping me out back there," Nate said, taking a gigantic bite from the burger right in front of him.

"I should be the one thanking you, you didn't need to go out of your way to do that," Kyle said but Nate quickly downplayed his praise.

"I don't know man but ever since I was a kid, I always promised myself to leave my mark on this world even if it is just a small act of kindness. Play it forward so the universe because we don't know if we will find ourselves in that position tomorrow," Nate said while chewing.

Kyle was curious how someone like this grew to possess such a mindset, his agemates were usually taken by parties, drugs, or girls but he was here giving a Jaden Smith-type speech.

Kyle had no interest in this conversation because this was how the world worked but he was certain at that moment that Nate was the right person to keep around him.

He didn't have any friends and having a person with a good moral compass should help keep him grounded.

Money changes people or so they say and Kyle was about to test out that theory with himself because this was just the tip of the iceberg.

They rounded up their dinner and Kyle handled the bills, much to Nate's delight.

"Thank you so much for today Kyle, I might be out of a job but I have gained a friend," Nate was grateful, he didn't hesitate to show that gratitude.

"Such a cliche line…" Kyle thought to himself but he knew he had to give a verbal response.

"It is fine, it is fine and you might not be out of a job just yet," Kyle informed him.

"Huh?" Nate thought to himself but Kyle realized what he wanted to do with the building he had just bought.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 38 - 38: Zoning Permit?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle had made a decision, one would think that seeing the homeless people would awaken some benevolent spirit within him but that was far from the case.

Kyle did feel bad for them but wasn't about to go broke to help them, he couldn't help everyone in the world because to live was to suffer.

He needed a disguise for his source of income and he has seen a few movies to know that a nightclub was the perfect venue to do that.

However, he had to find a way to bypass the zoning laws that restricted him from tearing down the building and making this come true.

With the permits and all of that, Kyle knew that this place had potential and the lack of clubs in its immediate vicinity made this a goldmine.

"This might work…" Kyle thought to himself, he knew he needed to do a bit more research and thanks to his skills, he understood everything he read within minutes.

This included the type of zoning and luckily for Kyle, this place fell under the mixed zoning category meaning that he could carry on with his planned reconstruction but only after obtaining a permit.

However, with the money in his hands, he could easily fast-track the process but the first step was to go to the Department of Buildings.

Kyle hopped in his car and drove to the nearest office, he had to do something so mundane and luckily, he had the deed of ownership in his car along with every other documentation.

He arrived there in half an hour, he could have easily asked  Nate to help him out with this favor but Nate was already exhausted and he didn't wish to overstep his boundary.

Kyle took a step out of his car but got little to no attention, this was a place that entertained these sorts of high-profile individuals.

For some reason, Kyle found it refreshing because he almost forgot what it was like to be normal. Kyle made his way into the building and there were a few people inside.

He could tell they had been there for a while but he was approached by a man with a creepy smile plastered on his face.

"Good day sir, are you here for your permit?" The man asked, Kyle thought twice about answering because he looked shady but wouldn't harm him in a building full of people, could he?

"Good day to you too, I'm indeed here for my permit," Kyle responded with some bravado, matching the man's demeanour.

"Ha! You have humour! I like it!" The man exclaimed and Kyle could tell that the lady behind the task knew him,  rolling her eyes like she had seen this scene too many times.

"I am James," The man said, stretching his hand for a handshake.

James had a worn-out suit on, it had coffee stains that looked like they were hurriedly wiped off.

Kyle wanted him to go away but he also felt sorry for him because he looked like he hadn't had a wink of sleep in months.

"I'm Kyle, what can I do for you, James?" Kyle asked with an expectation and that was to ask for money.

"No my fine sir, it is what I can do for you!" James said in an upbeat manner, he was easily in his mid-thirties but he looked like he was in his fifties.

"What you can do for me?" Kyle repeated with a raised brow.

"That is correct, sir! Did you know some agencies can handle these tedious tasks in your stead for just a small fee?" James began his marketing.

Kyle sighed the moment he began, this was better than directly asking him for money but the way he looked, all Kyle could see was a scammer.

"Is that so…?" Kyle asked but James could sense his skepticism however he couldn't convince Kyle as he was quickly thrown out by security.

What he was doing wasn't allowed, at least not within their facility but Kyle hated that he couldn't leave him be. He knew James could have easily been him if he didn't have the cashback system so what was a few hundred dollars? It was nothing for him and if he was legit then this might be another person that Kyle could make use of in the future.

He could have opted for a big cooperation but this looked simple enough, there was no need for their services.

Kyle took a deep breath before walking out the door to approach James, James looked ecstatic.

After a few seconds, Kyle walked to his car while filing a form that James had handed him.

James wanted to reassure him he wasn't a scam and assured Kyle that he would only pay when he was done.

An arrangement that Kyle didn't disagree with and this approach alleviated the concern that this man might be a fraud.

They exchanged contact information but Kyle was partly happy that he didn't have to deal with any of that, this was an important part of the future he wished to craft open for himself.

-

Calista woke up but Kyle was nowhere to be seen, she didn't mind this because she knew that he was a busy man so this was to be expected.

She saw the note he left beside her and a smile creased her face, she didn't want to become too comfortable knowing that this could end at any moment.

However, each day she spent with Kyle made that a lot more difficult.

[[Hey sleepyhead, I have to go somewhere and I didn't want to wake you. I left something in the fridge for you to eat, all you need to do is heat it and voila!]]

This was all the note said, it was such a simple gesture yet the effect it had was unbelievable.

Calista tried to repress this thought but it was beginning to look like she was in a relationship with Kyle even though she knew nothing about him.

However, she was also scared that all of this was an elaborate plan to get back at her but who buys a Lamborghini for vengeance?

She couldn't place her finger around it but there was something strange about him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 39 - 39: Run In.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jane was hard at work, she attended to customers and everyone noticed she was happier these days.

The smile on her face was genuine and her body language was more confident.

But there was a co-worker who had previously confessed to Jane but she politely turned him down as she didn't like the idea of workplace relationships and also because she wasn't attracted to him.

However, the man couldn't be mad because of how Jane did it and her attitude towards him didn't change either so their friendship wasn't lost.

He had taken a break to go see his family back in Chicago and only just returned.

"What's gotten into her?" He asked one of his coworkers.

"You haven't heard, Mike? Jane has a boyfriend!" The lady revealed like she was dying to reveal this piece of information.

"Boyfriend?" Mike muttered to himself. It hadn't been long since he confessed to her so this news took him by surprise even though there was nothing he could do about it.

He didn't ask any more questions as he knew he would only be hurting his feelings but he also didn't believe that Jane was in a relationship.

"I wasn't ready for one… " Mike remembered her words like they were said to him yesterday despite it already being months.

But Jane was different from the last time he saw her so maybe this was the truth.

The lady who revealed this information nudged him slightly.

"Hey, didn't she reject you?" She mocked him but all Mike did was take a deep breath to stop himself from crashing out.

" He bought her a new phone and a MacBook, we were all in awe and guess who made the first move? It was Jane!" The lady pressed on, determined to get under Mike's skin. This lady was called Rose.

"Now I know you're messing around. There's no way she would do that," Mike dismissed this as the relief on his face was proof that he truly believed the words that came out of his mouth.

Rose simply smiled, looking right at him but wouldn't say another word.

She wanted him to witness it for himself, she wanted to see how he would react.

Rose backed off, watching Mike approach Jane.

Jane was all smiles, Rose didn't know if Jane was naive or oblivious to the fact that Mike was attracted to her and you couldn't be friends with someone you have rejected.

Mike then tried to get with Ella but she didn't even pay him any attention resulting in the famous double L.

Ella, of course, never told Jane because guys hit on her all of the time and there was no way that she would act as some sort of rebound.

Mike watched Jane from the corner of his eye, entertaining the idea that what Rose told him could be true the moment he caught Jane giggling at her phone.

"How long have I been gone…" Mike thought to himself.

-

Calista got cleaned up but a feeling of dread overcame her the moment she opened his refrigerator.

It was leftovers and nothing that looked healthy, just what one would expect from a bachelor.

She wanted to take her time to cook him a meal, that would surely surprise him but she got a call soon enough.

Calista picked up without checking who it was and to her utmost surprise, it was the man she had seen earlier that day.

"Lucas Rossini!?" Calista thought to herself.

"[[Hello Miss Wave, I hope I caught you at a good time.]]

Lucas began the conversation but Calista was still shocked that this was even happening.

"H-Hello Mr. Rossini, this is a good time…" Calista responded, her heart was beating because she knew this was about the role she had applied for earlier that day.

There was no way that he would call her just to inform her that she didn't get the role so this had to be good news.

[[ Excellent, I want to be the first to congratulate you on getting the role of Rachel.]]

Lucas informed Calista, she almost let out a scream but quickly composed herself, she couldn't believe this was happening.

"Thank you so much!" Calista showed her gratitude, the excitement evident in her voice.

[[But I would like to see you personally in my office so we can discuss further on what I expect from my character, Rachel.]]

Lucas informed her, that Calista saw nothing wrong with this nor did she give it too much thought because of the adrenaline pumping through her.

"I will be right on my way, Mr. Rossini!" Calista exclaimed, ready to go meet him straight away before he changed his mind.

[[Please, call me Lucas. Rossini is my father.]]

Lucas said but this created a crack in professionalism and subtly hinted at him wanting to become a lot more familiar with Calista.

"S-Sorry, I will be right there Lucas," Calista responded before the phone call dropped.

" AHHHHH!!! I GOT THE PART!" She screamed at the top of her lungs but quickly clasped her lips shut because she knew that this might cause some trouble for Kyle.

She proceeded to exit the apartment but while walking down the hallway, she ran into Aiysha.

Calista didn't even acknowledge the lady and walked past her with a wild smile on her face.

Aiysha just stood there, watching her like she had discovered a new specimen while trying to get into her apartment.

" I wish someone told him the walls are thin…" Aiysha muttered to herself implying that she had heard the fuck session that had just transpired between both of them but how good must Kyle be to not only get a woman as young and beautiful as that to be his sugar mommy but moan like a wild animal.

"So that's his girlfriend…" Aiysha thought to herself, she was impressed that he could land someone as gorgeous as that but she wasn't surprised she fell for him.

Kyle had his way with words.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 40 - 40: Hi, I Am -?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle waited patiently for an update but during his wait, he decided to shoot Jane a text.

It was a simple "Hi" but it had her blushing like a high school girl, this was what Mike had seen her smiling at.

Kyle took a deep breath, he knew his journey was just beginning and he could have easily spent his money on random women online or OF models but where he planned to climb in the world.

He couldn't have receipts of such things hanging around him because it is only when a person is famous that people remember their interaction with them.

What kind of look would he have if someone dug up receipts of him paying an OF model when he was on top of the world?

That would tarnish his reputation as just another degenerate because there would be proof of this interaction as opposed to interacting with women in person.

It would be a miracle if they remembered him accurately but Kyle wasn't worried about all of that.

All that was on his mind right now was multiplying his wealth and upgrading his system so he could get more than X10 the rewards.

He knew that this wasn't important as he could make do with the system's current level and live a comfortable life but he didn't want a comfortable life.

He wanted more, he could have the world in the palm of his hand with this power and that was exactly what he planned on doing.

Kyle got a text from James, informing him that his application had been submitted and that it usually takes a while to acquire the permit.

He could fast-track it but Kyle would reimburse the fees in which he used to do this.

Kyle accepted the condition even though he knew the fees he would reimburse would be inflated.

This was how they made their commission and money was no longer a problem for Kyle either.

"Why did you choose me?" Kyle asked the all-important question, was he special?

Was he from some special bloodline?

Was he the first person ever to awaken such an ability?

How was this even possible to begin with? Kyle had so many questions but he knew he wouldn't get any answer, at least not now.

"Excuse me, sir?" A feminine voice called out, gently knocking on his window.

Kyle looked to his left to see who it was because there were some crazy people in this city.

But the woman he saw was an attractive blonde woman but she had a child in a stroller with her.

This didn't mean that Kyle would let down his guard around her simply because she was a woman and the child could very well be bait to ensure he helped her.

"Can I help you?" Kyle asked from behind the window, he didn't even attempt to lower the window, something that most people did to be polite. But not Kyle.

Kyle looked through his rearview mirror and noticed there was a car parked there but the hood was emitting smoke, it had overheated.

He returned his attention to the woman, it was scorching hot this particular day, the weather was bipolar and he knew that it wasn't healthy for a child to be in this heat.

Kyle sighed as he reluctantly lowered his window, letting the fresh air created by his conditioner out, blazing her on the face.

"I am sorry to bother you sir but can you help me with a phone?" The lady requested but Kyle raised a brow at this request and the lady must have noticed his hesitation because she added.

"My phone is dead and I have no way of reaching home," She pleaded.

Kyle's eye settled on the kid before he conceded, there was no way he was going to leave a woman and her child stranded.

"Why don't I just call an Uber?" Kyle questioned to which the woman looked to the ground, embarrassed.

The lady was somewhat chubby with round cheeks but Kyle didn't understand why most of the women he had met had huge titties, not that minded.

"I forgot my card and I can't use my phone either because it has turned off," She informed Kyle.

Yle could pick up an accent in her voice, she sounded French and upon close observation, she was quite the beauty.

Kyle tried to check her finger for a ring but couldn't see anything due to how she was positioned.

Kyle didn't care much as he called Uber, using the application on his phone and realized he had been stockpiling a few coupons to get a discount.

"All done, it should be here in about three minutes," Kyle informed her, she heaved a loud sigh of relief.

"You're a lifesaver!" She exclaimed, Kyle could see her body relax but her milkers jiggled with any slight moment.

It's either she couldn't find her bra size or she didn't bother wearing any even though he couldn't make out her nipples, that must mean they were inverted.

"Do you want to get in?" Kyle asked, opening the door for the woman and her kid from within.

She was hesitant at first because she didn't know this person but also knew it would be rude to decline his offer of kindness after going out of his way to assist her.

The moment she entered, the AC hit her skin and unbuttoned the first few buttons of her shirt.

Kyle knew she did it for fresh air, any longer it there and she might have had a heat stroke but there was no doubt that those things had some milk inside.

Kyle averted his gaze from the rearview mirror, they both didn't mind talking and enjoyed the silence.

"You're a kind man," She said out of the blue, realizing that Kyle might have potentially saved her life.

"You know what they call me, I'm justice," Kyle tried to mimic the voice of Batman, and this forced a giggle from the woman.

"Stop!" She tried to stop herself from laughing.

*You know, you should consider having a backup phone so something like this doesn't happen again," Kyle informed her.

" I do have but it broke yesterday if you would believe," She informed him.

" Karma probably using you as a case study at this point," Kyle said and she giggled once again.

"I'm Kyle by the way," Kyle took the first step, he didn't need to have fun with just the women in his harem but outside as well.

"I'm Cassandra but my friends call me Casey," Cassandra said.

"And what do men interested in you call you?" Kyle said but only after he said those words did he see the ring on her finger.

"His wife, I'm married. You're a little too late and too young if I may add," Cassandra informed.

She was polite and soft-spoken even when turning down his advances.

"Too young? You speak like you aren't in your early twenties…" Kyle dismissed her accusations but she covered her mouth with a hand to hide a blush.

" Stop it," She flushed, this woman was easily in her mid-thirties and Kyle knew that marriages tend to get stale after some point and this woman might be a good case study.

He hoped he could use her to quench his lust for Aiysha but it was worth the try.

The Uber soon arrived and Kyle got her number under the pretext of making sure she got home safe.

She was hesitant at first but eventually gave in before exiting the car with her kid in hand.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 41 - 41: Is The Past, The Past?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle didn't know how these things kept happening but he had met Casey, a married woman that he planned to use to distract himself from Aiysha.

Mr. Jones was one person he couldn't hurt because he was like family.

Kyle also knew he wouldn't just be hurting Jones but his children as well.

He understood what it was like to have your family ripped apart because he, too, came from a divorced home.

"Man, what am I doing?" Kyle thought to himself, he stayed parked, thinking about his life.

Kyle was a lonely person and he didn't have anyone he truly wished to spend this money on.

He had no friends, no family that he spoke to anymore but right now, he needed a foundation.

There would be questions about his wealth so the best thing to do was to establish a foundation.

Mr. Jones wasn't nosey but Kyle knew he had his suspicions and if it was a lesser man, he would have called the police.

And what would he tell the police? He has no way to prove where the money was coming from, to begin with. He also noticed that there was nothing in the space of the sender, there was no name or information regarding the sender so he couldn't even track them if he wanted to.

"This is a hassle," Kyle thought but he was taking the first step to make sure that he had a valid reason, this was also the reason he had slowed down in regards to spending on women.

He could have easily been a billionaire by now if he wanted to but he knew how the real world worked, his bank might be untraceable but not the assets he acquired.

This was why the nightclub he wanted to set up was essential in masking the system's gift.

"I feel like I'm laundering money…" Kyle thought to himself before stepping on the gas pedal and speeding away into the distance.

"Hey system, what else can you do?" Kyle questioned, trying to strike up a conversation.

[The cashback system grants the host a multitude of rewards for spending money on beautiful women.]

This was all it responded with, Kyle wasn't surprised that it didn't go into details.

"Is that so…" Kyle muttered to himself, the system had told him what he already knew.

Kyle couldn't help but think about the current state of the building that he lived in.

If it went on like this, there was no doubt that they would have to shut down or slash the rent which would make it impossible for them to sustain themselves.

Kyle knew that this might be another opportunity to give him probable proof of a source of income if he partnered up with Mr. Jones.

They could transform the entire building and leave the rent as it is, there was no doubt that it would be a goldmine even if it would be difficult for them to break even but who needed to break even when you had unlimited money?

Kyle wasn't doing this for profit but simply because he didn't wish to see Mr. Jones lose everything when he had the power to avert this fate.

It was time for him to have a conversation with the married man and luckily, Kyle knew where he worked.

He didn't know if he would be intruding. However, this was business and no man in the world didn't have time to talk about increasing his wealth.

-

Calista arrived in Lucas' office, she waited in the waiting room, she was surprised by how empty the place was considering his stature.

The good thing about these productions was that the office was stationed within the building of the interview, he was still carrying out interviews for other roles.

"Um, are you Calista?" A lady behind the desk asked.

"Yes, I am. I have a meeting with Mr Rossini," Calista informed the secretary, her tone soft.

"Mr. Rossini isn't here right now but he has told me to inform you to meet him at the Pika Resort," The secretary dismissively informed her.

Calista didn't understand why he didn't inform her right from the start and the venue did seem inappropriate.

She thought about it for a moment but that was all, there was no way she would let this opportunity slip through her fingers when it was hers to grab.

But there was something about the secretary's tone that told her this was something she was used to doing.

Calista knew that she and Kyle weren't official or weren't even a thing but Kyle had introduced her to a lifestyle she knew she wouldn't be able to find elsewhere.

He was not only a millionaire, he knew what he was doing in the bedroom.

Those two combos, she wasn't going to trade it for anything but this was worth the try.

She went to the resort, it was one of the most expensive resorts in Los Angeles, Calista knew this was his attempt to sweep her off her feet.

He didn't see the car she owned so he assumed she was just another wannabe actress that would fuck her way to the top.

Calista gave her car the valet to park for her and to her surprise, she saw a woman at the door.

"Miss Wave?" She asked, Calista nodded to confirm her identity.

"Right this way please," The lady said, Calista followed her from behind.

But there was something off, she wasn't taking her to the open area.

No, she was taking him right to a room, Calista had the option to turn back, no one was forcing her to do this.

And she wasn't a child either, she knew what awaited her behind that door, this was showbiz.

You had to give something to get something and Calista proceeded with her planned meeting with Lucas, entering the room he had invited her to.

This was the moment that would decide the kind of person that Calista was.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 42 - 42: Down To Business.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle arrived at Jones' workplace, it wasn't anything fancy, his job that is but it put food on his table.

He was a manager at a fast-food restaurant, which was his primary source of income as well.

The pay was barely enough to sustain a family and he knew his daughter's chances at not being a screw-up was a good education.

This was why he went out of his way to make sure his two children attended decent schools even if it set him back a few years, it was worth the trade-off.

Kyle arrived and parked his car, everyone was in awe because this joint was for the common man but Kyle wasn't here to eat.

He was aware that they would attend to him quickly, he didn't care much about this either way.

The moment his foot stepped into the building, a lady approached him, which wasn't customary but this was a good chance to render their service to him.

If they could retain him as a customer, it would be a good look for their chain.

"Mr. Jones, I'm here to see Mr. Jones," Kyle informed her.

"Mr. Jones?" The lady was surprised because no one came to look for him and judging by the way he called the name, this man was no doubt familiar with him.

Kyle knew that his work hours were flexible for some reason because the restaurant rarely had customers but that was because their competition was major chains like KFC and Burger King.

There was no way they would do well in such a saturated market but they made just enough to record a little profit every year so it wasn't all that bad.

"That is correct, Mr. Jones. You see, I'm a friend of his," Kyle informed her but she looked even more shocked than he did a second ago but she wasn't the only one that shared this look.

The employees behind the counter were all shocked.

"Mr. Jones has a friend?" She said out loud before quickly covering her mouth, she didn't realize when this slipped out.

"Trust me, I know…" Kyle said with an understanding smile before looking at her nametag.

"...Jim?" Kyle read her name out loud before looking at her in horror.

"Y-You are a man?" Kyle recoiled at this thought because she looked so feminine, she had a cute face with delicate skin but that wasn't all, the outline on her chest told him she had the assets every woman had.

"That is right," She said, trying her best to deepen her voice before everyone in the restaurant laughed, including the few customers within.

"You're messing with me, aren't you?" Kyle realized this, shaking his head with a defeated smile but he realized how close everyone was here.

This didn't feel like a gathering of strangers, it felt like they were all friends, customers included and he instinctively knew it was Jones' influence.

"You should have seen the look on your face. These are old name tags from the previous employees," The lady confessed.

Kyle heaved a sigh of relief, the last thing he needed was to misgender a person and the drama that came with it.

"My name is Alice and I will take you to Mr. Jones. I'm sure he will be surprised by your visitation," Alice said, guiding him through the restaurant and into the backroom.

Kyle could feel the aura of the people around and this was proof of how amazing Jones was.

He was used to seeing fake smiles and employees looking half-dead but this place was different, everything was genuine.

Two distinctive knocks could be heard on the door, Alice did that before saying.

"Mr. Jones, you have a visitor!" Alice informed him and a clatter could be heard from behind the door before hastened footsteps gradually got louder.

Jones had jumped out of his chair and rushed to the door in a heartbeat but then there was silence, he was composing himself.

The door swung open soon and Jones' surprise upon seeing Kyle couldn't be masked.

"Kyle, what are you doing here?" Jones questioned before looking at Alice and giving her a nod to excuse them.

She did just that with Kyle making his way into his office after he was given the go-ahead by Jones. This was Kyle's first time visiting his place of work so one couldn't blame Jones for his surprise.

"I have come to discuss something with you," Kyle said, his tone was serious so this forced Jones to wear his serious face as well.

They both sat and Jones gave him his undivided attention, looking right at him.

"What is the matter Kyle, I have never seen you so serious before," Jones asked, a hint of concern in his voice.

"I know that you're struggling financially…" Kyle began.

"Who isn't in this economy, am I right?" Jones responded. Kyle thought he would be self-conscious or embarrassed about him bringing up his financial struggle but he got none of that.

This allowed him to proceed with the conversation without restraint.

"The building's condition is getting worse, year by year… I have noticed that the number of tenants has reduced as well," Kyle informed him to which Jones sat back on his chair, heaving a loud sigh.

"Let me guess, you want to move, is that it?" Jones knew this day would come but he couldn't blame Kyle if he did decide to move.

"And leave my sweet place to you? You wish!" Kyle quickly rubbished this accusation.

He could visibly see Jones' body loosen up, telling him how important his residency was.

"Then why are you here?" Jones questioned, he came all the way here so it had to be important.

"I have come to give you a solution to all your worries," Kyle said like a demon about to offer him a contract to sell his soul and Jones read it this way too.

"No Kyle, I'm not giving you my soul," Jones said but this only made Kyle chuckle.

"C'mon, I'm trying to be serious here," Kyle responded, composing himself before continuing.

"I want us to partner up, I want to renovate the entire building and fix up every apartment but we will keep the pricing the same for the first year of rent before charging a 40% increase on the second year," Kyle said bluntly.

"Wait, what?" Jones' jaw dropped the moment he heard this offer.

He knew that Kyle came into contact with money but what was this eagerness to spend it or was this Kyle's way of trying to buy the building from him?

That had to be it but before Jones could respond.

"And all the profits will be yours despite me being an investor. I just wanted to hear your thoughts, this is my way of giving back to you for all you have done for me," Kyle said but this was partly true, he could use this as another avenue to mask his source of income.

"Do you even have to ask!? I'm in!" Jones accepted the moment he heard all profits would be his because he knew what this meant for his family.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 43 - 43: Twist?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle had concluded with Jones, that Jones was eager because he knew what this meant for him and his family.

This was the reaction Kyle expected. Jones trusted him enough not to ask any further questions but lawyers would no doubt be involved to draw up the contract that binds their word.

Kyle kicked it for a while with Jones, he knew that this job could make him miserable but he had found happiness in all of it.

No complaints, nothing. He made the best out of a bad situation because it would be a lot easier to moan and groan about how hard he had it.

"Kyle, have you ever thought about getting married?" Jones asked, Kyle respected that he never asked how he came into money suddenly, not only minding his business but not asking him for a handout despite struggling.

"Marriage? I don't think I have. There is no advantage to it," Kyle responded sternly.

"Hahaha! There is an advantage!" Jones quickly debunked his stance.

"How so?" Kyle asked.

"You have a witness to your life, someone to witness both the good and bad. How you grew or fell and chose to stick around to witness it all," Jones said with a fond smile plastered across his face.

"That is a stretch, there is a reason divorce rates are so high and I would rather live for myself than live for someone who doesn't wish to do the same for me," Kyle responded.

"So you don't plan to get married?" Jones asked, almost disappointed.

"I just haven't given it much thought… You're married, are you happy?" Kyle asked, watching Jones' expression closely.

"Yeah, we are. We face challenges like every couple but we have the same goal and that is giving our children a shot at this world," Jones responded.

"So it is your mutual love for your children keeping you together and not the love for yourselves?" Kyle asked and a deafening silence soon followed.

"Haha! I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable," Kyle quickly said, pausing before continuing.

"Think of it as two friends creating a book together but falling out, they would put their differences aside to nurture that book's growth because it is something they both created, something they both love," Kyle said, for the first time, letting Jones' get a glimpse at how he thought.

He always found it strange that Kyle had no social life and never brought anyone back to his apartment.

Some services helped lonely men and even broke men who lived in this building but Kyle just lived day-to-day with no interest for anything other than surviving.

"You're an interesting guy," Jones said with a broad smile.

Kyle was glad that the conversation didn't turn him sour, he had a unique view on the world that some people would consider controversial.

"Do you want anything to eat or drink?" Jones asked when he realized he hadn't even asked him if he was hungry to begin with.

Kyle checked his watch and saw the time, an hour had already passed to his surprise.

"Time does fly when you're with good company. I'm glad I could accomplish what I came here to do. How about we continue this conversation at work?" Kyle suggested. He had to go.

Jones understood and gave him a nod, he was glad with the progress they had made and knew they still needed to iron out a few more details.

-

Calista made her way into the room of Lucas, she was hesitant, which was unlike her.

She would have taken this opportunity with both hands regardless of the consequences but despite not being committed to Kyle, she had second thoughts.

A glass of wine in front of her with a half-emptied bottle seated on the table.

Lucas chatted with her but it was sexual, it had nothing to do with the job that she applied to. She slowly realized that she was never chosen because of her talent.

She was chosen because of her looks, this made her sad as the reality hit her rapidly.

Lucas was about to make his move, placing his hand on her thigh, it was warm.

"You know Calista, I could make you into a star… The biggest name in Hollywood, Calista Wave, the face of every brand," Lucas sold her a dream but Calista knew he might be able to get her into the room with stars but he didn't have the sort of influence he currently boasted.

His hand slowly moved up her thigh and Calista couldn't help this disgusted feeling.

He was like a rabid dog ready to pounce on her and Calista finally realized that even if she was to lay with him right now, word would go around and every other man would want to do the same before giving her a role.

She held his hand in place, not allowing it to go any further.

"What are you doing?" Lucas questioned her but Calista felt insulted that he thought this trick would work on her.

The place that Kyle took her that night was far more luxurious than the one this man brought her to.

"If this is what I need to do to get the role then I'm afraid I have to decline," Calitsa said in the most polite tone that she could muster, she knew that this might very well be the end.

Calista felt her heart drop, she didn't know how to process what was going to happen from here on out but the man didn't say a single word.

He removed his hand from her thigh and Calista walked out the door.

For a brief second, she thought he would force himself on her because if he did that, there was nothing she could do.

She did choose to meet him in a hotel at his request, there was only one possible reason for that and no one would believe her nonetheless.

But Calista was left feeling a sense of dread because she didn't know if she just committed career suicide.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 44 - 44: Hello Mike.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle had gotten quite a lot done today and made considerable progress with his plans to establish the foundations of his cover story.

He knew he had to pay attention to Jane and decided to give her a surprise visit at her place of work; there was no doubt that she would be ecstatic.

"I wonder how she would react?" Kyle thought while a smile creased his face, unlike Calista, Kyle liked the sort of person that Jane was.

He parked at her place of work but made sure it was out of sight, no one there knew he was coming because he parked just before the curve.

He walked around the block, making sure he took his time to do so too.

Kyle wondered if he should get her anything but he was aware that Jane wasn't the type of girl you love bomb and overwhelm with grand gestures.

When Kyle walked through the door, Jane's back was turned to him as she was conversing with a coworker.

The others saw Kyle and wanted to inform her but Kyle gestured for them not to.

They had taken a liking to Kyle simply because he brought Jane out of her shell.

Kyle tiptoed but this was when Mike came into this compartment of the building from the backroom, his eyes fixed on Kyle trying to sneak up on Jane.

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING SIR?" Mike barked, startling everyone in the shop and ruining Kyle's surprise.

Kyle stopped in his tracks, irritation visible on his face with everyone face-palming themselves in tandem. Rose looked on in fascination.

"It is about to go down," She muttered to herself.

Jane turned around and her heart skipped a beat the moment she saw Kyle, she wasn't prepared or expecting him.

"K-Kyle?" Jane stuttered and this was when Mike saw a side to her he had never seen.

"Hey, you…" Kyle said with a smile, stretching his arms apart but Jane stood still.

"What the hell is going on?" Mike thought to himself, looking over at Rose but she was already looking at him with a satisfied grin on her face.

"Are you going to leave me hanging?" Kyle asked, he didn't care about the eyes on him.

If anything, Jane was the type of girl that liked PDA or at least that was what he came to conclude from her personality.

She slowly walked towards him and wrapped her hands around his lower waist.

"You see, I don't bite…" Kyle said but he realized that this was the first time they were hugging.

She didn't want to let go and Kyle saw nothing wrong with this, stroking her hair.

Jane was lost in the moment but quickly realized where she was, breaking away from his embrace.

Her eyes darted around the room like she was ashamed.

"I don't think anyone saw that," Kyle said before looking around to ask.

"Did anyone see that?" Kyle asked them and they all said "No." in unison but it was funny because they were going along with his gimmicks.

Kyle saw how the employees were at the place he just come from and knew that the possibility that such a relationship existed here was high.

There was no other way Jane would have survived this place with her timid personality.

"You see? No one saw that…" Kyle reassured her.

"W-What are you doing here?" Jane stuttered, trying her best to regain her composure but her face was already turning red.

"I came to see you, silly," Kyle said right before poking her forehead.

[Change in affection bar!]

[Jane's affection: 85%!]

"M-Me?" Jane was hesitant but these words made her heart flutter.

Mike watched all of this in silence, he didn't know Jane could make those faces yet he saw it on full display with a man she had not known for long.

This was unprecedented and the feeling of jealousy grew in him but this was no place for something like this to be happening.

"What are you both doing? This is a workplace," Mike informed them and Kyle looked at him with a raised brow.

Mike was right however he was the only one who had a problem with this for obvious reasons but Kyle was a customer.

He didn't know what was wrong with this man but he was becoming a pain in the ass.

There was always that one person in every group and Kyle sighed before looking around.

"You're right," Kyle said, he didn't want to make him look bad, that was the last thing he needed.

Kyle had no intention of creating trouble for Jane but also knew he needed to keep this man in his place.

"So how about this? I buy everyone here a brand new iPhone, you included but of course, only if my lady is fine with that," Kyle said and everyone's face lit up.

Kyle had set up the situation to make Mike the bad guy by possibly making everyone benefit from the situation.

"Did he just call her his woman?" Mike thought to himself, he couldn't believe his ears because this was the same woman that rejected him.

"H-H-He just called me his lady!?" Jane's thoughts were in disarray, she couldn't believe what she just heard.

"Well?" Kyle asked her, Kyle had turned Ella into his ally but what if he was able to turn the people at her workplace as well?

Well, he was about to find out.

"Y-Yes," Jane's voice was barely audible but he got the message.

And in the blink of an eye, Mike had no choice but to play along because as much as he didn't like the situation. This was ideal because they would all be getting new phones.

"There you have it folks," Kyle informed them as they all hurried to get the phones of their choice without hesitation.

The last thing they would want was for him to change his mind.

Kyle knew that this man was a stickler to the rules but there was something off with him, this man tried to make him look bad.

This wasn't just some buzzkill, it was a man trying to mark his territory and Kyle just showed him that he had no control as long as he was here.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 45 - 45: Calista's Grief.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle spent some time with Jane but he couldn't stay there for too long because this was her workplace. He had to leave soon before he caused her any trouble, he knew that buying everyone a phone might have been a little overboard but he had a point to prove.

A dick-measuring contest if you will but this resulted in Kyle being the victor as Mike was put in his place. Mike didn't like Kyle but Kyle didn't care, Mike couldn't make any meaningful contribution to his life after all.

This was the perfect scenario but Kyle knew it was time to go, planting a kiss on Jane's forehead before leaving.

It was him marking her and letting everyone in that store know she was his, he could recognize the look of a man interested in a woman.

Mike had those eyes and Kyle made sure to let him know to stay off, this was the only thing he could do even though he trusted Jane enough not to entertain another guy.

Unlike Calista, the moment Kyle left the shop and into his car, his phone began to ring.

He picked up the phone only to hear Calista sobbing profusely from the other end of the phone.

"What's wrong?" Kyle questioned but there was a feeling of irritation he felt in his bones.

He listened to Calista narrate what had happened to her and he couldn't believe that Lucas wasted no time in trying to bed her.

But more so, he was shocked that Calista turned him down but why?

This would have been the right step to take in regards to her career but she had a warped sense of loyalty to Kyle as Kyle knew she didn't do this because of some moral compass.

"Huh? He tried to sleep with you?" Kyle was more surprised than enraged however, Calista misunderstood the tone in his voice.

She wrongly assumed it was rage but Kyle naturally wouldn't want anyone using the hole he used to keep his cock wet, that would turn him off quickly and that was why he knew he had to tame Calista before sticking his cock in.

"Where are you right now?" Kyle asked but he couldn't hear her through the sobs.

She was crying because she might have potentially lost the role even though Kyle wasn't affected by this.

The call came to an end, Kyle knew that this would take time but this was what he wanted.

The only way to hurt someone is when they think you're the last person who would.

Kyle knew the probable course of action would be to go and comfort her but that wasn't the best-case scenario.

He wanted her to know how alone she was, he knew that she had no real friends or anyone who had her back or she wouldn't be living this way.

This was a manipulation tactic to get her stuck in her head when she realised she had no one.

It would only make her cling to Kyle all the more because he is the only person she has.

Hyper-dependency is something that people can't come out of easily once the process has been initiated.

Kyle could shape her and turn her into whatever he wanted then, he could break her and have her bound to him until she was all used up.

Only then, would he toss her aside, he didn't know how many levels they were but at some point, one would think that he would reach a status where he wouldn't even need to level up his system because there would be no need for any of that.

He understood that by releasing her into the world right now, there was still a chance she would heal and marry a sucker to pay for her fees.

She was a beautiful woman and rich men liked having trophy wives or even mistresses.

But if Kyle could rob her of her prime, then this would make for a very bleak future as men would always go for younger women.

Kyle knew this wasn't practical and she had great use in the bedroom so she could keep him satisfied for the time being as this would allow him to focus on a non-sexual relationship with Jane or Jane might think all he wants is her body.

It worked in his favour either way and there was nothing to lose.

Kyle wanted to place his phone in his pocket but to his surprise, he got a call from James.

"Hm… What does he want?" Kyle thought to himself, the permits take some time to process.

"Don't tell me he wants money…" Kyle thought to himself before picking up.

[[Hello? Mr Kyle?]] James began the conversation but Kyle knew he had nothing to lose by entertaining this conversation.

"Hello James? How's it going?" Kyle asked him but he wished he would get right to the point.

[[I have great news! I have acquired the permit!]] James informed Kyle but Kyle immediately assumed he was some sort of scam that had conjured up fake permits.

"Is that so?" Kyle asked, rolling his eyes, he couldn't believe that he trusted James.

He could have just done it himself and gotten it over with, Kyle felt irritated but he was going to play along.

[[That is correct, I have the documents with me! When you have been in this business as long as I have, you get some connections!] James exclaimed but first impressions mattered.

If James had on better clothes, Kyle was more inclined to believe his legitimacy but the way he dressed and presented himself would give anyone trust issues.

"Send me where you are, I will come to you," Kyle informed him, he had come this far so he might as well see it through.

Kyle realized that he had done more today than he did the past couple of days, one would think he had a social life but that wasn't the case.

Kyle was smarter and more perceptive than he was a few days back, thanks to the skills given to him.

The conversation came to an end soon after and Kyle found himself about to move once again.

"Damn, maybe life was better with me being broke…" Kyle thought to himself but Kyle quickly recoiled at this thought.

"Nah! As if!" Kyle chuckled to himself as he sped off into the distance.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 46 - 46: The Power Of Connection.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It took little over ten minutes for Kyle to arrive at his destination and he saw James outside, waiting for him in the same suit he had seen him in earlier that day but somehow, it looked worse.

Kyle sighed, he wanted to get this over with so he could return home and cool off with some movies so he popped open his door to allow him inside his car.

He didn't even bother going anywhere but the stench from James' body almost made him barf.

He couldn't believe that he stunk that bad, deodorants were a thing yet he willingly chose to step out of the house like that.

Kyle sighed as he realized that he made a mistake letting him into his car because he would smell him long after he exited.

"I'm glad you could make it so fast," James began the conversation with a smile.

Kyle spotted the documents in his hands, that was all he cared about right now, nothing else.

Because then he would be able to commence construction as soon as possible.

"Is that the permit? Let me have it," Kyle got right to the point because he knew the longer he stayed, the worse the stench would linger.

"Here you go," James was ecstatic, almost proud of himself.

Kyle instantly read it and to his surprise, it had all the seals and signs to confirm it was an original document.

"Huh? This is legit?" Kyle thought to himself.

"You see? All done and approved!" James said and suddenly, the smell no longer bothered Kyle.

"You did it, James. How did you get it fast-tracked?" Kyle asked, curious as to how far this supposed connection extended to.

"A man never reveals his sources," James said with a playful wink.

"Now, about my payment…" James got to the point, he knew that this would either make or break the deal.

But money was the last problem that Kyle had right now.

"How much do you need?" Kyle questioned, James thought about it because he had seen the car that Kyle drove and if he was going to do any sort of reconstruction then he must be loaded.

"You know what, how about I give you a discount?" James said but Kyle knew this tactic.

They would say a discount was available because the customer was more likely to pay the fees with haggling once they were told it was discounted.

Even the goods in stores that had a 20% discount were simply selling at their original prices but customers were fooled into thinking they were getting a bargain.

Kyle could tell this was an original document in his hand thanks to his skill, he scrutinized every piece of information in the blink of an eye and confirmed this was the real deal.

"A discount? Give me your fees," Kyle informed him right away, he wasn't interested in a discount because that was something that people who tried to save funds did.

"M-My fees… I charge $600 bu-!" James was cut short by Kyle because, in all honesty, $600 for that was a ridiculous amount for what he did.

The way he spoke, even he knew it was absurd as he didn't sound confident but that was why he wanted to give another price that was closer to his original offer.

"You do transfer, right?" Kyle asked and the man nodded like he was in a rock concert.

Kyle sent him the required amount in a heartbeat and James knew at that moment he had caught a whale.

The white whale was every man's dream and he wasn't about to let him go.

"You know, if you need help with your construction…" James said but Kyle helped him complete it.

"Let me guess, you know someone," Kyle said.

"That is right! He is a really good lad too! You will like him!" James referred to his friend, this was a good look on him, something that respected because it told him he was the sort of person to carry others along with him.

He had done such a good job already so there was no reason not to give his friend a try, however, he was going to get a proper supervisor to inspect the construction and foundations after they had been laid to avoid a collapse.

That would be a nightmare should it happen and Kyle could get arrested as well depending on how severe it was.

"You know what, I'm feeling risky today, give me the number," Kyle got the number.

This was their final exchange as James hopped out of his car, thanking Kyle for doing business.

The stench that he left was enough to traumatize anyone but Kyle didn't care much about this.

He had taken the first step of achieving his goal and that was to conquer Los Angeles.

-

Calista sobbed her heart out, she cried until she wasn't able to but usually, when they reject or retract a given role from an individual.

They were informed that Calista hadn't received the message yet but she knew it was coming.

Lucas Rossini was famous as he was controversial, there had been rumours about him sleeping with women but it has neither been confirmed nor debunked but there was no doubt that the women had a boost in their career after this.

Calista, however, got a call from Isabella. A call she wasn't expecting to say the least.

"Hello?" Calista greeted, her voice hoarse from all the crying she had done.

[[Is something wrong Miss Wave?]] Isabella was quick to ask.

"No, no. I'm alright. Just allergies," Calista dismissed her concern, she couldn't tell her what had happened after all, she didn't want her pity.

[[Take care of yourself. I have been informed that you got the role and formally wish to congratulate you.]] Isabella said but this took Calista unaware.

She was certain that it would have been retracted by now, why was it taking so long?

"Thank you but are you sure I got the role?" Calista had to be sure, she wanted to confirm when Isabella was told about the role.

[[I just got off the call, a contract has been sent over as well]] Isabella informed her.

Calista was shocked, Lucas hadn't taken away her role despite her turning down his advances.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 47 - 47: Apology.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle finally returned home, his body didn't go through too much physical assertion but he felt weak the moment the building came into view.

He could already imagine his body on the soft cushion, embracing the beauty of slumber.

Kyle walked out of his car after parking it, he saw Mr Jones' car parked outside as well.

This made him feel easy for some reason but there was no telling what awaited him inside the building.

He hoped that he wouldn't run into Aiysha again.

He had to find a way to distance himself from her because he knew what could potentially happen if they kept running into each other.

Kyle didn't trust himself to always have such self-control, he hoped that Calista had left his home so he could have his space all to himself.

He needed it and fortunately for Kyle, he didn't run into either Aiysha or Calista.

Kyle walked right into his bedroom, crashing into the soft mattress in front of him, he didn't know living could be so exhausting.

"Why am I so tired having done so little?" Kyle thought to himself.

He didn't know what else to do because he couldn't sleep either, he was restless for some reason.

Calista's scent still lingered and only then did Kyle remember what she had told him earlier on the phone.

He sighed, staring at the ceiling, contemplating his lift.

Kyle couldn't believe he had come this far, there was no telling what heights he could reach.

The sky wasn't the limit for him, it was just the beginning.

"I should probably text her, shouldn't I?" Kyle muttered, lazily taking out his phone from his pocket.

"Fuck, do I have to…" Kyle blurted out, typing on his phone.

[[Hey, I know you think you bombed the interview but I'm certain that you will get that role, I have no single doubt in my being so get ready to nail that role! I believe in you,]] Kyle texted, it was cliche and corny but that should do the trick.

Reassurance was the ultimate human delusion that fed one's need for security, a very powerful tool when it came to the act of manipulation.

But before he could put the phone down, Calista replied immediately.

[[Calista: You wouldn't believe it! I got the role! I don't know how you have so much faith in me but thank you!!]]

[[Kyle: I knew you could do it! You're Calista Wave for crying out loud, there's nothing you can't do. I mean you even got me fir-!] Kyle thought about it for a second before deciding to erase a few words.

[[Kyle: I knew you could do it! You're Calista Wave for crying out loud, there's nothing you can't do!]]

[[Calista: Hey Kyle, about that day…]]

[[Calista: I never got the chance to apologize for getting you fired. You embarrassed me so I wanted to hurt you. I didn't mean for you to lose your job.]]

"The fuck?" The disgust on Kyle's face spoke volumes because she had an edited video created by AI.

Now that Kyle thought about it, he would have been found innocent if he stood his ground but he was already so mentally exhausted.

Even though he knew that wouldn't have stopped him from losing his job because he worked for a moron.

Kyle didn't believe a word she said, she went too far just to hurt him unless she was a sociopath.

[[Kyle: It's fine, I was going to quit soon either way but you really were a cunt. LOL.]]

[[Calista: I'm so glad! I can neither deny nor confirm the allegations at this time. >_<]]

Kyle chuckled, this was a funny response but it didn't change his mind about her.

Calista was only apologizing because she had more to lose than gain if she lost Kyle.

"What the hell is that emoji though?" Kyle questioned, confused as to what it represented.

This was his lack of social skills sipping through.

[[Calista: I enjoy spending time with you, Kyle]]

Calista double texted after Kyle hadn't replied immediately due to trying to figure out what that emoji meant.

"More like you like the money but okay," Kyle thought to himself.

[[Kyle: What a coincidence! Because I enjoy spending time with you too, another thing with have in common!]]

[[Calista: Another? What's the first?]]

Kyle smiled because she took the bait, he was about to deliver the punchline.

[[Kyle: Where's the fun in that?]]

Kyle knew this would get her in her head trying to figure out what it was, sometimes a cliffhanger is much more effective than a conclusive story.

It keeps the readers guessing to the point of sheer madness but what if Kyle could condition her to associate her dopamine to him?

That was the end of the text, Calista responded but Kyle didn't bother checking it because his eyes had shut.

-

Aiysha welcomed her husband, he was happy and ecstatic right from the first step into his home.

"Darling, are you okay?" Aiysha asked her husband with a smile, eager to share in his excitement.

"I am! I am! I think the solution to all our problems just arrived, honey!" Jones exclaimed, he was like a child that just discovered a new flavour of ice cream.

Jones didn't pay her much attention and she knew why, it was their kids.

He always went to them first to tell them he was home and do a little ritual that was exclusive to them.

Jones was a great father and an even better husband

He came back out and focused all his attention on his wife and Aiysha's face went from shocked to surprise to shock once again.

"Kyle offered that?" Aiysha couldn't believe what she was hearing.

"Yes, baby! I don't want us to celebrate just yet until everything is signed and sealed but things are looking good!" Jones never knew that his single act of kindness would yield such a reward.

In the end, maybe kindness does pay.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 48 - 48: Nightmare
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There was good news all around but Kyle was in a deep slumber, he didn't like sleeping previously because he never had peace of mind.

He always had to wake up due to the requirements from his work but either way, Kyle knew he had priorities.

But he had a strange dream, Kyle couldn't recall the place or scene but was a seven-year-old child, standing in the middle of an abandoned playground.

Kyle looked around, there was no one there, no cars, or any sign of life.

This place felt familiar even though he had no memory of it, Kyle had the consciousness of his current self even though he was a child in this dream.

"Hello!?" Kyle called out but got no response, only the echo of his voice.

Kyle knew he had to explore the area, so he walked around hoping to find signs of life.

He walked carefully, this didn't feel like a dream, if anything it felt like reality was mixed into some morbid fantasy.

"Where the fuck am I?" Kyle thought to himself, looking at his hands, it was so small.

"This isn't right…" Kyle muttered to himself in fear but saw a figure seated a couple of paces in his front with its back turned towards him.

It had long brunette hair dangling just above its lower back, Kyle knew this person wasn't there a moment ago so how did they magically appear?

Either way, this was the sign of life he searched for, approaching the person slowly.

"... Hello?" Kyle called out in, a calm voice, as if he didn't want anyone but them to hear it.

He got no response, not even a twitch to acknowledge his presence. Kyle expected this much but once again, there was something familiar about this.

Kyle couldn't wrap his fingers around it but he knew this person or at least he thought he did.

The way they sat, their posture and hair but he was within range.

He grabbed the shoulder of the person, slowly turning them around but what he saw horrified him.

Kyle saw a person with no eyes in their sockets, no tongue, and blood dripping out of their ears.

It tried to speak but it couldn't, Kyle was frightened and backed away instantly, dropping on his arse.

"What the fuck man!?" Kyle barked.

The figure got to its feet and slowly walked towards Kyle with its hand outstretched.

He tried to crawl away from her, but his legs were weak and didn't respond to him.

"This has to be a fucking dream!" Kyle exclaimed, he tried to force himself awake but to no avail.

He wasn't waking up regardless of how hard he tried to but suddenly, the sluggish creature was walking towards him accelerated, making Usain Bolt look like a snail, as it was mere inches from grabbing Kyle's face, only then did Kyle jolt awake.

His breathing was heavy and sweat trickled down his forehead but the problem with this nightmare was that Kyle couldn't remember anything that had just transpired or at least that would have been the case before he came into contact with the system.

"I-I remember…" Kyle was shocked, he remembered every single thing he had seen in this nightmare which made it scarier. He no longer had the luxury of forgetting.

Kyle was still in a dazed state but checked the time only to realize he had slept for approximately two hours, it was the early hours of the evening and the time was reading 3:12 PM.

Kyle didn't have anything planned on his agenda today but had to get out of the house to get some fresh air. It felt like he would suffocate if he stayed here any longer.

Kyle rushed to the bathroom and placed his head under the shower to cool off before looking at his reflection in the mirror.

He didn't like what he saw, he realized that he needed a haircut. He needed to change his overall appearance so he could look neat.

He looked a tad bit unkempt and Kyle realized that his next destination should be a beauty parlour even if he had no idea what kind of haircut he wanted.

Kyle stumbled out of his apartment but didn't feel the need to use the vehicle.

He opted to walk instead because he needed to clear his head and didn't need the attention that came with driving such a vehicle.

Kyle didn't want to be perceived as he headed to the nearest salon to get a haircut.

The scorching heat didn't do him any favour but it was the least of his problems, Kyle kept recalling the figure he saw in his nightmare and what it could mean.

Why was it in such a state?

"WATCH IT PUNK!" A man barked at him the moment Kyle bumped into him.

"I'm sorry!" Kyle quickly apologized. Fortunately for Kyle, this was enough to de-escalate the situation.

The man hissed in frustration and walked away but Kyle knew he had to get it together.

He realized that this skill to remember everything might be a curse rather than a blessing.

Kyle didn't need to walk for long because he was fortunate to see a salon around the corner.

He had to take care of himself, he had to look how he wished to be addressed.

People couldn't keep paying attention to him just because he drove a fancy car, he had to groom himself to garner that respect.

Kyle entered the salon and the breeze that brushed against his skin dried up the sweat just as fast. It made him feel nasty but one of the barbers was rounding up with a customer.

He gestured for Kyle to come over and have a seat, Kyle did just that.

The man was covered in tattoos from head to toe, he looked like the cliche thug you would see in a movie. He belonged in a biker gang, not a salon.

"What hairstyle do you want, buddy?" He asked but Kyle had nothing in mind.

"You know what? Surprise me," But if Kyle would come to regret this decision was to be seen.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 49 - 49: Parasite
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was all done with his hairstyle, he prayed to God that this man wouldn't butcher his hair like an executioner.

How are you going to be a barber when you are bald? You do not have any hair to style so how do you style others?

Kyle wondered but the result of his hairstyle changed his mind the moment he caught a glimpse of it in the mirror.

"...And all done," The bald barber said and Kyle couldn't believe what he was looking at.

He looked handsome as fuck, his lifeless face hidden by the strands of hair that often dangled were nowhere to be seen, bringing his full face into view.

It was an undercut, the sides of his hair were shaven, giving him a clean look as it amplified his green eyes.

"Goddamn! I look gorgeous!" Kyle exclaimed, his reaction brought a smile to the barber's face.

An appreciation for his craft was something that he would always appreciate.

"What's your name, big fella?" Kyle asked, he no longer was intimidated by his appearance and as this man had just created something divine on his head.

"My name? I'm called Big Bob," Bob introduced himself but paused momentarily because he didn't know why Kyle wanted his name.

"And just so you know, I don't swing that way," Bob informed Kyle as politely as he could.

"Oh! Hahaha!" Kyle laughed out loud upon realizing how he must have come off for Bob to have this impression.

"It is a pity, I'm sure you would have been a catch but I'm not interested in men either," Kyle pointed out to clear up any misunderstanding.

"Are you interested in being my barber? I'm not a fan of having the service of multiple people when it comes to things like this," Kyle requested. There was no way that Bob would say no to an opportunity to make more money.

"Sure thing man," Bob said, handing Kyle his contact information. Bob was a lot friendlier than he had anticipated.

Kyle left the salon and felt like a new man, he could feel every fibre of his being bustling with energy.

He was never an ugly individual, if anything, he was on the attractive side but his unkempt look was the deterring factor.

But he got all the right attention now, people were looking at him in awe as they found him attractive.

Kyle smiled inwardly, his life was beginning to take shape slowly and the nightmare he had slowly faded from his immediate train of thought.

-

Jane was closing from work, she had carried out her shift and it was time to head back home.

Kyle made her the star of the day, everyone was grateful to her because she was the reason they all got new phones but this was a clever way to make everyone like Jane if they didn't already.

This would put her on good them but also make them supportive of her relationship with him.

The whispers were powerful and what better whispers to fill her ears than people telling her how lucky she was to have him? Jane still couldn't believe he had come to see her.

"Hey…" A voice called out behind her, Jane turned to see Mike standing behind the door she just exited.

"Hey Mike, are you headed out too?" Jane asked, that couldn't be the case as Mike worked longer hours.

"No, I just wanted to help you hail down a cab," Mike said.

"... Just like old times," He made sure to add, Mike was the kind of guy who acted like a parasite, hanging around and hoping that a rejection would turn to acceptance after a series of heartbreaks from the lady he fancied. She would see all men are bad and come running to him.

The long game, that was what Mike was playing.

"I don't think there is any need for that, thank you, Mike," Jane declined with a smile but this was the first time she was doing this.

Mike gritted his teeth, he knew it was because of that man.

That had to be the reason for this sudden change in character but he wasn't going to back down.

"C'mon, I insist," Mike said, proceeding to exit the building and stand by the side of the road.

This was harmless so Jane conceded, she didn't mind him doing this for her but she knew it would be unfair for her to keep expecting certain things from him even after rejecting him.

Jane walked up to the roadside to meet him, there were rarely any empty taxis by this time of the day as someone was already in them.

"I appreciate this Mike," Jane was quick to express her gratitude.

"It is fine!" Mike downplayed it but that was the end of the conversation, Jane didn't attempt to strike up any small talk leaving Mike to do the honour.

"So…" Mike began, capturing Jane's attention.

"That guy… I haven't seen him before, is he your boyfriend?" Mike tried to hide his jealousy as best as he could and it worked, he managed to present this as a normal question.

Jane's face flushed red the moment she heard the word boyfriend, she never knew what Kyle was to her but she knew that she liked him.

They hadn't done anything about labels and she didn't want to spook him either but the thought of Kyle being hers turned her brain to mush.

"H-He is not! At least I don't think he is," Jane responded but Mike hated this.

He hated that another man brought out this side of her and not him.

"You don't think? I would think people know when they're dating," Mike responded, masking the question behind a series of fake laughter.

Jane already disconnected from the conversation, stuck in her head because she was thinking about how Kyle would look being her boyfriend.

But Mike got his answer, they weren't dating yet and that meant that it was fair game.

"I still have a chance!" Mike thought to himself.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 50 - 50: The White Whale Movie.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was done with his haircut but he didn't want to go back home straight away because he needed the fresh air.

He sat in a park and simply took in his environment, appreciating everything that came with being alive because attempting suicide was no easy feat.

It took a different level of bravery and that still affected Kyle. He decided to end it all only to find something to live for but this emptiness still existed within him.

A part of him that longed for human connection.

Maybe that's why the system introduced a harem category. Did it understand his innermost desires, he had done things he wouldn't have done otherwise thanks to the affection bar and that was why he felt closer to Jane.

Without that affection bar, he wouldn't be inclined to be so direct and the affection bar in real time would have been dangling at around 20% or thereabout.

Jane wouldn't be as taken as she was with him, and neither would Calista, even though the latter was more of an experiment than actual interest.

Kyle threw back his head, staring at the sky but knew this was just the start.

He had so much to do, he went from having no dreams to having one people would call unrealistic.

Money commanded attention but status commanded respect.

He couldn't have any doubts whatsoever but he began to understand the system only adds women he's attracted to but also if they have feelings for him.

Kyle simply had to control how he interacted with these women, he had to do so carefully.

His legs were already exhausted, he wasn't exactly in peak human condition.

"Perhaps I do need to exercise…" Kyle pondered on Aiysha's offer but he couldn't risk interacting with her more than he needed to.

There were other gyms around and there was no way that Aiysha would know if he decided to apply to a different gym with another trainer but what if she does find out?

"Aargh!" Kyle muttered to himself.

This was becoming a lot more complicated than he anticipated.

He knew the influences wives had over their husbands and that was the last thing Kyle needed due to Mr. Jones not just being his landlord anymore but a business partner as well.

Kyle needed a distraction, he had spoken to Calista a little too much recently and knew that too much communication would do more harm than good.

He had just spoken with Jane and knew he needed to give her space to miss him.

But then he remembered, he had a new lady on his radar. He had Cassandra even though she hadn't given him any green light.

Kyle knew trying to get would be fun, that was the thing with most married couples.

After a few years, the passion and romance die and what better way to reignite that dying flame in one's heart than with a stranger that reminds them of the desire long lost?

Kyle took out his phone but he saw a missed call from Isabella.

"Huh?" Kyle thought to himself not because of the missed call but because he didn't hear it ring.

He shot Isabella a call, hoping it wasn't anything important and it didn't take long for her to pick up.

Kyle knew if he wasn't who he was, a lady like Isabella would never have bothered picking up the phone.

[[Good evening sir…]] Isabella began the conversation.

"Hello Isabella, how're you? Is everything alright over there?" Kyle inquired, he had told her to inform him if she needed anything previously and as such, entertained that as a possibility for this conversation.

[[I'm great sir and everything is better than ever!]] Isabella reassured him before continuing.

[[I have called to inform you that Calista Wave has secured the role.]] Isabella informed him.

"You did everything I told you to?" Kyle questioned.

[[That is right sir, I have told the Distort Company that "The White Whale" film is being produced that we were willing to cover 15% of production cost if they used one of ours as their main cast.]] Isabella informed him.

Kyle smiled to himself, Calista's life revolved around his fingers and he could easily bring it all crashing due with a snap of his finger.

Kyle knew that he needed to start small and gradually gain contacts that opened the door for him to enter the doors of Hollywood.

"Thank you for this, Isabella," Kyle responded.

Calista didn't retain her role because Lucas decided to spare her, Lucas knew that Calista being chosen was a directive the higher-ups gave him.

[[The $15,000,000 has also been transferred from the Agency's primary funds to conclude the deal. Would that be all, sir?]] Isabella questioned.

She was keeping a professional tone but she wanted to know who Calista was for him to go the extra mile for.

"That will be all. Thank you, Isabella. We need to get as many actors or actresses under our Agency out there so others will be inclined to register under us," Kyle knew how actions came off as strange to her but this cover story did its job in giving her an answer.

"And what better way than to show the world that even someone like Calista could get a lead role in a movie?" Kyle dropped a rhetorical question but Isabella got the gist of it.

Kyle had picked Calista due to her poor track and used her as an example to show what the Agency is capable of even if it was a facade, it was a great marketing tool.

She has underestimated him, swallowing up the lie because it was a good one in all honesty.

[[That is genius! I can't believe I never thought of this!]] Isabella exclaimed

"Good thing I'm here, get some rest Isabella," Kyle concluded.

[[I will sir, thank you for giving me a chance to show you my vision,]] Isabella showed her gratitude that Kyle retained and gave her full control of his company.

"You're too modest. I will talk to you later," Kyle responded, hanging up the phone.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 51 - 51: Married Woman Conquest.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle showed that he had a side that far surpassed cruelty, Calista's success was linked to him.

That was cruel because only Kyle knew what the end goal was but that wasn't what was on his mind right now.

Kyle had approximately $206,000,000 left but he wasn't scared of running out of it.

He could easily double it but that wouldn't be ideal until he set the foundations for his wealth.

If by some miracle, his account was discovered, this amount could be explained.

Kyle was aware that everything had a loophole and he wasn't going to trust that his system didn't have one either even though it might very well be.

He took out his phone and searched for Cassandra, he remembered his conversation with Jones about marriage.

Kyle knew that he could make Cassandra betray her vows, it wouldn't be an impossible task.

He knew that calling her without any prior notice might be a nuisance so he decided to shoot her a text.

If she was a housewife, she wouldn't have anything better to do with her free time.

[[Hello Cassey, it is I, your superhero. I'm doing a routine check-up to see if you're safe. Respond with a thumbs up if you are.]]

This was the text message that Kyle sent, it was simple yet playful so there wouldn't be any misinterpretation.

He didn't need to wait long for a response just as he suspected because she truly had nothing else to do.

[[Cassandra: ദ്ദി(ᵔOᵔ)]]

Kyle knew this was an avenue to continue the conversation or she wouldn't have replied at all.

He understood her giving him her number just to be polite but engaging in a conversation was entirely up to her at the moment.

Kyle already expressed interest in her during their earlier conversation even though she informed him that she was married, which wasn't the benchmark of a faithful woman.

[[Kyle: Wow, you look even more beautiful digitalised.]]

Kyle chuckled the moment he sent this, how did he come up with these things?

[[Cassandra: What!? ∘ ∘ ∘ ( °ヮ° ) ?]]

Kyle thought about it for a moment but before he could respond, an attachment was sent.

"A picture?" Kyle thought, no one sends their picture to someone they didn't wish to entertain in one way or another. Kyle was aware that she could be using him to pass the time but that didn't matter as it gave him a loophole to exploit.

He quickly opened it and he saw a picture of her lying down but it was only her face visible.

Kyle wished to see something a lot more naughty but this was her inviting him to shoot his shot.

The picture had a caption asking "Are you sure about that?"

Kyle was still in the park, this was a strange place to be considering he could do this in a more comfortable environment, which was his home.

[[Kyle: How about I see if you measure up in person? My brain can't seem to remember what you look like anymore.]] Kyle went straight to the point but he didn't get a response right away.

"Hm, did I overdo it?" Kyle thought to himself but just as he was about to put the phone away.

He got a notification, she replied.

[[Cassandra: You do know I'm married, right? I don't know what it is you're looking for but this is inappropriate.]] Cassandra shut him down.

Kyle chuckled at this absurdity, if she knew it was inappropriate why was she even responding?

He should be blocked, that means all he needed to do was to convince her that this wasn't a sin.

[[Kyle: Someone has a naughty mind, all I suggested was that we meet up but it looks like you have already begun to undress me. If anything, I should be the one uncomfortable. THIS IS SEXUAL HARASSMENT!]

Kyle was clever with his response, he maintained a playful tone to take away the seriousness of the conversation.

[[Cassandra: You play too much! ( ˶ˆᗜˆ˵ ). Fine, I got ahead of myself but I'm just making it clear so there's no miscommunication.]]

[[Kyle: I get it, I get it. Something tells me you need to get out of the house so how about it?]] Kyle requested.

Kyle knew all he needed to do was to get her to see him, it was a lot easier to hide over the phone than it was in person. Not to mention his new haircut, it made him into a different man.

Once again, he didn't get an immediate reply and this was because Cassandra was thinking about it.

Kyle knew the worst she could say was no and if that should happen, he would simply find someone else to quench this taboo hunger.

[[Cassandra: I guess lunch couldn't hurt, how about tomorrow?]]

A smirk creased Kyle's face, she had taken the bait.

[[Kyle: That works for me, I wouldn't mind seeing you in a crop top too. I don't know why but I know you will look stunning in one.]]

Kyle knew by the way she dressed that she must have some sort of body dysmorphia, she was all covered up despite the scorching hot sun.

There was something about women when it came to their insecurity, you had to compliment that particular insecurity before they told you it was an insecurity.

This would tell them subconsciously that you liked what they hated about themselves, which meant they were more inclined to do as they were told regarding that specific thing.

"Validation…" Kyle muttered under his breath.

[[Cassandra: Oh my God! I don't look like a supermodel if that's what you're thinking.]] Cassandra gushed but Kyle knew this was her way of seeking reassurance

[[Kyle: If anything, you set the standard for them. I will pick you up by noon.]]

This was the end of the conversation, Kyle gave her something to think about because now, she would be looking to impress him more than ever.

Kyle wanted to see her today but it was a pity he couldn't that gave him a chance to make one more call to the construction company that James had given him. It was time to draw up a budget for what he wished to create.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 52 - 52: Introducing Collins.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle gave the man a call and usually, they would set a time for an appointment but they agreed to see Kyle immediately as it was an extension of their desperation.

Kyle met them up at a site but he knew there was a chance that this was a set-up and they were waiting around the corner to rob him.

But that was highly unlikely, Kyle used an Uber to get to his destination because he had left his car back home and had no regrets.

Kyle didn't mind this and arrived in less than twenty minutes.

He left the car and noticed that the site had all kinds of fancy construction trucks around, this was either to show them that they were the real deal.

There were no buildings on site, just an RV in the middle.

Kyle waited outside for a second, even the Uber he came with questioned if he would be alright and lingered around for a bit longer to confirm if he would be safe.

This was an act of kindness but Kyle assured him he would be fine because whoever was in that RV was expecting him so it didn't take long for them to exit the vehicle.

It was a man in his late-forties but his body was built like a Greek God that was summoned from Oympus to show mankind the next step of evolution.

His grey hair betrayed him despite his face doing anything but look his age.

"Hello there. You're Kyle? The one I spoke with on the phone?" The man inquired.

Kyle was expecting someone his age and was surprised to see a man this advanced in years standing before him but this made his choice of workplace even more questionable.

There had to be a reason his body was like this and that was all the heavy lifting that came with construction, Kyle immediately knew he was the real deal.

"That is correct. And you're Collins, right?" Kyle responded, approaching the older man.

Collins nodded to confirm this, gesturing for Kyle to enter his RV, Kyle wasn't sure if this was his workplace or where he lived but he was hesitant to enter.

What if he never came out or worse, was taken hostage because if he screamed at the top of his lungs, no one would hear him this far out but there was no way he would leave a witness if he planned to do something.

Kyle shook his head at the absurd thought, he didn't know how it even made its way into his mind.

He entered the RV and to his utmost surprise.

The RV was decorated and set up like a proper office, it wasn't anything cheap either which further confirmed his legitimacy even though his choice of workplace was strange, no doubt.

"I see James wasn't kidding," Collins said sternly, gesturing for Kyle to sit which he did while he sat opposite him with a table separating them.

" Good, if James has briefed you then you know exactly why I am here," Kyle said, glad he could skip all the formalities and get straight to the point.

" That is right. We can begin construction whenever you're ready. Most clients take a month to prepa-!" Kyle cut Collins short.

" How about tomorrow?" Kyle responded breaking Collins's concentration, staring at Kyle in confusion.

" Tomorrow? Do you have the blueprint down? And this isn't going to be cheap either so maybe we can work out an installment plan?" Collins responded, trying to make Kyle understand that this wasn't something done in the heat of the moment.

" A blueprint?" Kyle thought to himself, in truth, he didn't care how it looked because it was simply a disguise to mask his actual source of income.

"I have something I would like for you to imitate," Kyle quickly responded, taking out his phone to search the web for some of the most luxurious nightclubs but acted like it had it elected already when he was just making the selection.

Kyle picked one quickly but he had to think of a few changes to make his unique and that was including a restaurant and strip club section within that very same building but separated.

It was a smart idea as it would mean that this place wouldn't only be operational at night but during the day.

People can come to dance or get their rocks off but it would appeal to every desire a person could and would have.

He showed Collins, Collins took his phone and couldn't help but notice that this phone was in the mid-range area which was weird considering he had enough money to reconstruct a building.

Then again, it might not be him doing too directly but rather a bigger project that involved multiple people.

"This will be very expensive, are you sure about this?" Collins questioned but Kyle shook his head to reassure him. Collins couldn't draw up a budget at the moment however, he could give an estimated budget.

"This will cost anything between $800,000-$2,500,000…" Collins said, half expecting Kyle to back out once he heard the cost.

Kyle gestured for his phone.

" That's right, I thought so too," Collins thought while handing him his phone, taking this as a sign that Kyle was backing out.

Collins knew that a project this big would set him up for the coming years but it was too good to be true.

"So, do you want cash or would a transfer do?" A voice snapped him back to reality.

"What?" Collins asked. He wanted to confirm he heard what he did.

"I asked how I should send you the money… $2,500,000 was it?" Kyle repeated and the man nodded viciously.

He wrote down his account number and it took a little over a minute for him to receive the alert of 2.5 million dollars.

Kyle had done everything to begin his life, he was aware that this club could also provide him an escape.

He couldn't stay in his house 24/7, he had to act like a hardworking man so no one could ever question how his money was made.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 53 - 53: Ella Is...!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was glad that was sorted and had paid the sum of $2,500,000 to get things underway.

He didn't care about the amount he needed to spend because he could make it all back in the blink of an eye but he was beginning to realize that he wasn't making use of the rebate system.

He didn't need to spend only on the girls in his harem to get a cashback return and this was why he was certain that Cassandra would fall for him.

Kyle was essentially the perfect man, a millionaire with wits and a sense of humour.

A woman's security isn't only guaranteed with him but he also has the power to make their heart flutter.

Kyle had paid the Uber an extra amount to hang around the area so he didn't need to wait too long for another to come here but Collins wanted to see the place he would be working on.

Kyle dismissed the Uber, paying the man his due fees accumulated for waiting with a little extra on top so everyone was happy.

He hopped in Collins' truck, the destination was the bought-out shop.

Kyle knew that Nate could watch over the process or at least keep an eye out to make sure nothing fishy was going on in his absence even though something told him that Nate wouldn't be able to handle the task.

He needed a professional to inspect the building after it had reached a certain stage.

It didn't take long for them to arrive, the truck felt like a monster that would swallow everything in its path but Kyle could feel a sense of relief wash over his shoulder.

-

Jane was uncomfortable with the way Mike had approached her to inquire about her relationship with Kyle. Only after she left the vicinity did she realize that Mike wasn't asking out of concern but envy.

It was clear by his reaction when he saw her hugging Kyle but the moment she remembered this scene, she couldn't help but turn red.

She arrived at her apartment, eager to offload the details of her day to her friend, Ella.

However, Ella was fast asleep but who could blame her, considering she worked at night?

She needed to get in as many hours a she could during the day.

Jane walked to the kitchen and noticed that Ella had prepared a meal for her.

At times like this, she realized how lucky she was to have Ella by her side. Life was difficult enough and she couldn't imagine doing it all alone without losing her sanity.

But there was something on her mind, Jane wanted to spend every waking moment with Kyle but she couldn't tell him that otherwise she would be perceived as clingy.

No one likes a clingy, right? Kyle was a busy man and there was no way he would have that much time on his hands which made his visit all the more special.

She giggled at the thought like a sociopath but did well to resist the urge to text him.

But Ella wasn't asleep, she had taken something to numb the emotions coursing through her veins.

She had to stay still and pretend to be asleep otherwise Jane would know that Ella had relapsed.

That's right, Ella was a drug addict who had become clean but her failing music career was pushing her over the edge.

Kyle's words only did so much but for today, she wanted to escape.

Kyle never got back to her to set up a date so she thought he was blowing her off and only responded the way he did to be polite.

It wasn't any of the hard drugs that she had consumed right now, which was a relief but she needed an escape from her thoughts, from reality.

Jane grabbed Ella's phone, they didn't hide anything from each other so there was never any need for a password.

Ella was out of it, she had no idea what was going on in her immediate environment.

All she knew was that Jane had returned but nothing else but will Jane find her conversation with Kyle?

"Ella?" Jane called out, she noticed something was strange when a text came into the phone.

She didn't open it to read but the preview in the notification gave it away.

[[Do you need a top off? I'm in the ar….]] That was all she saw through the notification.

Jane's heart dropped and she stared at the phone, motionless for a full minute without uttering a single word.

She turned her head over to Ella in horror.

"... Ella?" She called out but there was no response, Ella tried to open her mouth but her entire body was numb, almost paralyzed.

Jane placed her hand on her and shook her lightly to see if she would respond but the searing heat emitting from her skin altered Jane that this wasn't just Ella getting high.

Whatever she took must have been a bad fix because there was no way it was supposed to do this to her.

"ELLA!" Jane let out a desperate cry, flipping her friend over to see that her eyes were opened but not responsive.

She was just staring off into the distance.

-

Jason was almost done with the inspection of the sight with Collins, Collins took measurements and did all the appropriate preparations for work to begin.

The good news was that they didn't need to tear down the building and start afresh so the foundation was already set even though the insides would completely be rearranged.

Kyle was in the midst of a conversation with him when his phone rang.

Kyle looked down at it and saw it was a call from Jane.

"Hm… that's strange," Kyle thought to himself but he couldn't pick up because of his conversation with Collins. He had to give him his full concentration.

But then it rang again, only then did Kyle know it must be urgent and the last thing he wanted was to be absent when she needed him the most.

"Hello Jane, are you alright?"

"S-Slow down. Ella is what?"

Kyle was having difficulty listening but the look in his eyes soon changed when he heard what Jane had said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 54 - 54: Hospital.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle rushed to Jane in a heartbeat, he hailed a cab to take him there because there was no time to get home to grab the keys to his car.

Jane had called the ambulance and they had taken Ella to the hospital.

Kyle didn't know the full details but hearing Jane cry made him feel anxious unlike when Calista shed tears.

Maybe it was because of the gravity id the situation?

Kyle arrived in the hospital soon after and rushed inside, he saw Jane in the waiting room.

"Jane, are you alright?" Kyle asked, Jane tried her best to remain composed but she burst into tears the moment she saw Kyle.

She hugged him tightly and Kyle knew he didn't need to say another word, feeling Jane's grip tighten as she cried into his chest.

Kyle knew that something happened to Ella but he didn't know what.

But he was here now and wasn't going to allow Jane to hurt alone, gently stroking her hair.

"Breathe in, breathe out. Let it all out," Kyle whispered and Jane kept sobbing.

She wanted to stop but it was like the faucet was broken, it just kept pouring.

It took a good five minutes for Jane to compose herself, she took a step back but her eyes were bloodshot.

That was to be expected with how much she had cried.

"I-I'm so sorry for calling you here. I didn't know who else to call," Jane apologized and this brought a sense of relief to Kyle.

The fact that he was the first one to pop up in her head reminded him of the importance he held in her life.

"I would have been mad if you didn't, I will always be here for you Jane," Kyle reassured her.

[Update in affection bar!]

[Jane's Affection: 100%!]

The cyan screen informed Kyle that he had maxed out Jane's affection bar in less than a week.

This warmed his heart because he no longer had to worry about increasing it but simply maintaining it.

"T-Thank you so much," Jane whimpered.

Jane noticed his new look but she didn't say a word only feeling lucky that someone this attractive was interested in her.

Kyle didn't know much about her but this situation would unnerve anyone.

A doctor soon approached them to brief them about Ella's situation.

"Miss Ella is stable but the drugs in her system are highly prohibited so I'm afraid we must call the police as police dictate," The doctor informed them.

Kyle had no idea what was going on but judging from Jane's tense body language.

He could tell that this wasn't something she wanted.

"Doctor, a minute please," Kyle said, this wasn't something that Jane was expecting.

The doctor excused himself as Kyle took him away from Jane but the first thing Kyle made him do was to explain the situation in detail.

"Ella does drugs?" Kyle thought but he wasn't one to judge. He didn't know her story or what brought her this far but this wasn't a good addiction to have because Kyle has seen drugs ruin so many lives, especially celebrities.

If she already has a disposition to it, the chances she would ruin her life on the way to the top were exponentially high.

"I think there's been a misunderstanding, I can vouch for her that whatever is in her system must be a misunderstanding…" Kyle began the conversation.

" That may be the case but I cannot break protocol, I'm afraid." The doctor was adamant.

Kyle sighed, he didn't know how serious this could get but involving the police was a sure way to complicate what could be a simple solution.

" I feel safer that you don't bend protocols but can I have a little time with her before you call the police? I don't want her to be rattled when they come and create a scene. I'm sure that won't be a good look on either of us," Kyle suggested.

The doctor took a moment to ponder on this offer before conceding.

"Very well then, you have five minutes," The doctor told him.

"Ten," Kyle countered, the tone in his voice telling the doctor he wasn't going to back down.

This worked in the doctor's favour either way so he had no reason to object.

"Very well then," The doctor gave Kyle his permission before going about his business.

Jane was looking at Kyle throughout his conversation with the doctor.

Kyle returned and held her hand, Jane didn't look surprised when told her friend had some substance in her telling Kyle that this wasn't new to Jane either.

This made his job easier.

"Follow me," Kyle's voice was soft and reassuring.

Kyle knew he needed to act fast or Ella might either end up arrested or thrown to rehab.

Rehab might be the best-case scenario because it would help her battle her addiction but Kyle spoke to her.

She didn't seem like an addict and they had been able to maintain that home, he was certain that it wasn't on Jane's income so there was a good chance that Jane would implode without Ella.

Kyle couldn't let this happen and Ella was shocked but embarrassed to see Kyle.

"What are you doing here?" Ella questioned, looking at Kyle and then Jane.

Jane couldn't look her in the eyes because she was the one who called him here.

"It is okay, I came to tell you that the doctor is going to call the police," Kyle revealed, shocking both women in the room but before it could escalate into them having panic attacks, Kyle continued.

"There's no need to panic. The doctor can't report you to the police legally just because he found drugs in your system because it would break the code of doctor-patient trust…" Kyle reassured the women.

" But he said he would call the police," Jane reminded Kyle.

" He wouldn't be telling us that piece of information if he was going to do it. He's bluffing but I will handle it," Kyle was like a guardian angel and Ella could tell by the look in his eyes, that he wasn't judging her.

Kyle sighed, this wasn't on his agenda for the door but this was a good chance to get solid with Ella.

"They have

been here before…" Kyle thought the doctor knew Jane.

.

.

.

A/N: I know, I know. We all want to see our MC conquer women and get his cock wet but how about we flesh out the story a little?

Hang in there with me, I'm trying to give the characters some sort of depth.

Invaluable in the long run.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 55 - 55: Problem Solved.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There had to be a reason why the Doctor threatened to involve the police despite the patient-doctor relationship.

There also had to be a reason Jane gazed upon him with an aura of familiarity but Kyle knew he couldn't ask these questions now.

This was why he excused himself to find the doctor, he didn't say much but after a short discussion.

Kyle asked him for a final grace and that he would call the police himself should something like this repeat itself. Of course, he sweetened the deal with a substantial amount transferred into the doctor's bank account.

If doctors reported every drug abuse incident to the police, there would be no celebrities left on the streets telling Kyle that there was more to this than meets the eye.

However, they didn't need to worry about that as Kyle handled it.

He returned to the room and gave the ladies a thumbs-up to confirm that he had it handled.

"Thank you so much!" Jane exclaimed.

"It was nothing… " Kyle responded but Ella was ashamed to look him in the eyes.

She felt like she had disappointed him in some sense but Kyle's eyes conveyed anything but disappointment.

"Ella, I don't want to come here again. Will you make me revisit a hospital because of you?" Kyle asked sternly. Jane was surprised by his tone, looking at Ella from the corner of her eyes.

"No, you won't. I'm sorry for bothering you all," Ella said.

"Bother? Is that what you think this is?" Kyle requested with a raised brow.

He sounded like a father scolding his child because something told Kyle that Ella didn't have that growing up.

"I don't know what's going on but if you're ever in trouble or need help. You can always find me before pumping your system full of drugs, think of drugs as your last resort. Can you do that?" Kyle looked her right in the eyes when he said these things because he knew that these things wouldn't just affect Ella, they would affect Jane as well.

Kyle knew asking her to stop completely would be delusional because addiction was never stopped that easily but putting himself into the equation gave him a degree of control.

Because the next time she needed a fix; it was Kyle she would call first.

That beats asking her to stop it altogether.

Kyle didn't know how Jane would react to this, looking at her quickly but she was already staring at him.

"The eyes chico, they never lie," Kyle remembered this movie quote because Jane's eyes were lost in his.

He was relieved she was fine with this alongside Ella agreeing to Kyle's proposal.

"Hey, you…" Kyle called out, snapping Jane back to reality.

"Hi…" Jane responded with a goofy smile.

" Are you alright?" Kyle asked to which Jane nodded her head.

" I'm alright now thanks to you," She thought.

Kyle came and not only de-escalated the situation but also gave Ella a light scolding.

" Ella, I want you to give this lady a call," Kyle said, handing her a card.

It was a talent agency that mainly dealt with movie roles but Kyle saw this as an opportunity to expand into other categories, including music.

Ella's face lit up the moment Kyle handed her that card because it felt like he gave her a lifeline.

"I will be on my way, ladies," Kyle said. Before leaving, he kissed Jane right on her forehead.

Jane didn't know what she felt could be this deep, she had had crushes before and liked others as well but this felt different.

Of course, it felt different, Jane had fallen in love with Kyle.

-

Kyle left the hospital and heaved a sigh of relief, he didn't know it could be this stressful but who would have guessed that Ella had a drug problem?

Kyle didn't know why he told her to call him first because that would simply place more responsibility on his shoulders.

Responsibility he might not have time for but either way, it should be sufficient as a temporary fix.

Kyle regretted not taking his car because he had to order an Uber or take another cab.

He had done enough for today and knew it was time to wrap it up.

Kyle's bank balance kept reducing but Kyle was in no hurry. It was impossible for him to go broke with this system and he was so close to upgrading his system.

He also had a date with the married woman but he wasn't sure she was going to go through with it.

Kyle noticed a pattern, this was the same thing he felt with Aiysha.

When a younger guy finds an older woman attractive, it not only boosts the ego of those women but reminds them of a time long in the past.

Who wouldn't want to be young again?

Even though Aiysha was a different case age only made her sexier so she never stopped receiving attention. If anything, she only received more.

Cassandra on the other hand was different.

And Kyle was going to test how different she was.

He opened his Uber app and one arrived within a minute as the hospital was a hotspot.

Kyle finally called it a day as he returned home.

-

Calista celebrated her victory, she was so happy but little did she know that this role wasn't given to her because of her talent but because of Kyle's growing influence.

Ignorance is bliss and that was true in this situation but it was unlikely that the truth would make any difference to Calista.

But Calista wondered what the dynamic between her and Lucas would be like now.

Would he pretend like nothing happened or would he try again? He couldn't try again if she didn't put herself in the position to do that.

Calista had no intentions of doing that because the official shooting starts next week but she was given a script to rehearse for her role as Rachel.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 56 - 56: Let The Work Begin.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

That was all for the day, it came to an end and Kyle slept all through the night.

He slept like a baby despite the nightmare he had earlier that day, Kyle had no memories of such a figure but for some reason, she was a recurring figure in his nightmare.

He had a lot to do that day so he got up early, as early as 5 AM to do some stretches.

Kyle had all the ability to become the richest man in the world but wouldn't it be funny if he died because he wasn't healthy enough to enjoy the wealth he had accumulated?

Kyle realized that he needed to take his physical health seriously if he was going to live as long as he possibly could.

Kyle knew that he had to enrol into a gym soon to get the most out of his body.

He recalled everything that occurred the day before and knew that construction would begin on the store, he initially planned to get a construction supervisor but they weren't starting from scratch so there was no need for that.

Kyle decided to give Collins a try and gave him the freedom to bring his vision to life but what he was looking for the most today was Cassandra.

He took a deep breath and freshened up, doing the usual hygienic routine to get him up to speed.

Kyle realized how good he looked in the mirror in front of him, he had a Homelander moment for a brief second but before his narcissism could manifest, he peeled his eyes away from his reflection.

Kyle picked up his phone to see if he had any messages but it was dry, to his utmost surprise but it didn't bother him too much.

Calista informed him about her win but he hasn't heard from her since then.

Kyle knew this was strange but there was nothing that could be done about it, as long as her affection bar hadn't been affected he didn't care what she did with her free time.

"Lucas Rossini," Kyle remembered that name, he didn't know why but curiosity set in.

He wanted to know what kind of man he was and if he needed to worry about him.

.If he made a move on Calista then there was no doubt that this was a habit that has developed over the years.

And he had many more victims but he didn't force himself on her so it could also be assumed that the woman he had slept with was consensual.

But there was no telling if he tried to get Calista replaced or if the Distort company had told him about Calista being a priority hire.

It was tricky to judge his moral compass from this alone but Kyle looked into him with a quick Google search.

He wasn't as famous as Calista made him out to be because there was barely anything about him on the web. Just a few articles that dated back a few years back.

Kyle expected this otherwise there was no way he wouldn't have heard about him.

One thing news outlets liked was drama but there was a picture of him.

Lucas was an attractive man but Kyle wasn't bothered by his looks because there were a billion attractive men out there but only a few were millionaires.

"I see, so this is him," Kyle muttered under his breath before jumping into a fresh pair of clothes consisting of a black V-neck shirt and cargo trousers.

He stepped out of the house and ran into Mr. Jones in the hallway, Jones wasn't aware of his other projects but that was because it was none of his business.

"Hello Mr. Jones," Kyle greeted him.

"If it isn't my business partner Kyle!" Jones was glad to see Kyle.

"C'mon! Don't be weird about it," Kyle responded with an embarrassed smile.

"Oh right, before I forget, can you send me a quote on how much you think you would need to fix this place up? Don't hold back," Kyle quickly added.

Jones took a stance and saluted Kyle like a soldier who had just been given his final orders.

"Yes sir!" Jones responded.

Kyle chuckled, Jones has always been like this, Kyle didn't know how he managed to be so happy with so little.

It was perplexing, to say the least, but he couldn't question it, it was one of those things that couldn't be helped.

They both walked to their respective cars, Kyle noticed Aiysha staring at them from the window.

He noticed that she was at home a lot more but he didn't pay much attention to her before that drive to her workplace.

One could say him getting that car was what got him into this complicated situation but Kyle didn't make it obvious that he had seen her.

"You have a productive day now!" Jones screamed over from his car.

"You too Mr. Jones!" Kye responded, equally enthusiastic.

Jones pulled out of the driveway but Kyle followed suit soon after.

One of the things they needed to add to this building was a secure parking lot.

Kyle was surprised that no one had tried to steal his car yet but that wasn't a concern of his because he could easily buy another one.

He drove off to the site where his nightclub would soon be erected.

Upon arriving, Kyle saw a full crew assembled already with all the materials they would need for this work. Kyle was impressed because it looked like work had already begun, which must mean that they came here around 5 AM or so, showing him that Collins was a man who didn't take his job lightly.

All the crew members were built like him, buff and strong as they emptied the store.

"Hello Kyle," Collins greeted Kyle from his blindspot, startling him, Kyle quickly turned around and regained some distance between them.

"Collins, I see you have already begun to work, I didn't expect you to start so fast," Kyle said.

"What can I say, when my employer tells me to start something right away, I start it right away," Collins responded with a reassuring smile.

Kyle noticed that they were attempting to expand the building to take up more space, Ryder hadn't used the plot of land efficiently and there was space to fit at least one more building.

Or would it be more accurate to say that the person that Kyle bought it from hadn't, it does take money to do these things so there was no surprise.

Kyle watched his vision come to life, he was satisfied and realized that James might have found him yet another gem.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 57 - 57: Cassey Or Cassandra
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle stayed with Collins for an hour or so, watching the construction of his multipurpose nightclub; if this went well, he could have Ella perform here.

Kyle knew this place would be a success because he planned to run it with no profit in mind, this meant that the prices would be marginally cheaper than his competitors.

There was no way that people wouldn't hop on any opportunity to save money so there was no reason to do more than needed.

He wasn't going to run it at a complete loss and this mode of operation would be for the first year only. After that, he would raise the prices but he would have an established customer base by then.

"Well Collins, I have to go. It looks like my project is in good hands," Kyle said.

Collins caught a glimpse of his car and wondered why he chose to use an Uber if he had such a sweet ride.

"Sure thing boss man! We will have it done in no time," Collins reassured him.

"I expect nothing less," Kyle responded with a smile before excusing himself.

He walked to his car but before leaving, he knew he had to confirm with Cassandra if they were still on with their plans for the day.

Kyle wanted to text her but decided to instead give her a call, she had a baby but there was no reason why she couldn't hire a babysitter to look after her kid.

She wasn't going to be gone for long and if she had a husband then there was no reason why he should still be home and not at work.

Kyle called her and it took only three rings for her to pick up like she was waiting for the call.

"Hello Cassey?" Kyle began the conversation.

[[Cassey here, how're you Kyle?]] Cassandra asked.

"I'm good but I will be better once I have my morning coffee…" Kyle responded, putting emphasis on coffee.

[[About that… I don't think I will be able to make it.]] Cassandra responded but Kyle didn't feel disappointed.

He expected her to get cold feet but it was his job to convince her.

"Is that so? I guess it can't be helped," Kyle responded, there was no hint of disappointment in his voice.

"Coffee alone it is. Maybe some other time," Kyle said before ending the call.

Rejection wasn't the end of the world but how you react when rejected would determine how you're perceived in the long run.

He could have pushed and pressured her into meeting him, the chances of this working were high but she wouldn't be as comfortable as opposed if she made the choice entirely of her own volition.

Kyle had other things to do, for starters, he could redirect his attention to the hospital that Ella was admitted to but he had doubts she was still there.

There was no reason for her to stay longer than needed because they needed the beds for more patients.

Kyle was about to start his car before his phone rang once again, bringing his attention to his phone.

It was Cassandra, she cancelled on him so why was she calling him again?

That could only be because she had reconsidered her stance on the coffee meet-up.

[[Hi Kyle. My schedule just cleared up…]] Cassandra informed him but Kyle already knew she had nothing planned.

The chances of that being the case were low but he wasn't going to press her about it.

"That is great, should I pick you up?" Kyle asked, he knew he had to because he had no idea if she had nosey neighbours. That would certainly stir up drama if news should spread of a married woman entering the car of a man.

[[No, I will come to you.]] Cassandra responded.

"Don't worry, I will handle the fees. This is the address," Kyle reassured her, he had chosen a place that wasn't too far but also not close to where she said so the likelihood that someone would recognize her was low.

[[It is fine, I can handle it. I will see you soon, Kyle.]] Cassandra responded before the call came to an abrupt end.

Kyle had gotten the first stage out of the way but there was an energy shift, she not only sounded formal but she left no loophole for her to owe him any further.

She said she would handle the transport felt like a rejection like she was establishing some sort of boundary that Kyle wasn't allowed to cross.

Kyle sighed, he thought this was going to be easy but he was beginning to realize that she would be a lot harder to crack than he realized.

"Is this even worth it?" Kyle thought to himself but quickly pushed this thought out of his head.

The harder it was, the less likely he was to think about Aiysha, it was perfect.

-

Kyle arrived at the coffee shop, it wasn't far nor was it close to his place, they met halfway literally but he waited for Cassandra.

She didn't even share her trip or was she planning to drive here? Kyle didn't care much about her mode of transportation as long as she came here.

This was none of his business and Kyle realized that she was running late, checking his watch to see that she was approximately 30 minutes late already.

"The hell…" Kyle thought to himself, he was getting visibly irritated because she could have just said no instead of wasting his time.

Kyle was about to call it quits but before he could, a lady walked in, it was Cassandra.

She had on different clothes than the one that Kyle had told her to wear instead opting for a similar style of dressing that she wore the first time they met.

She was covered from head to toe with black shades, the only thing different was she didn't have the kid with her.

Kyle realized that she was taking back all the power she had given him and a hidden smirk creased his face because he found this fascinating.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 58 - 58: Coffee.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hello Kyle, I'm sorry I'm late. It was hard finding a babysitter at the last minute," Cassandra apologized, sitting on the opposite side of the table.

"It is fine, I'm just glad you came…" Kyle responded.

He gestured for the waitress to come over, and they did just that. They had already approached Kyle multiple times, but he told them he was waiting for someone.

"For a minute, I thought you were going to stand me up," Kyle said, looking her right in the eyes but Cassandra didn't break eye contact.

"I just ran a little late, that is all," she responded once again, sounding distant. Kyle knew he was in for a long coffee date.

They both ordered their coffee and the conversation that followed felt more like an interview.

Kyle realized that she wasn't giving him any room to woo her but this only made him want to try harder.

He wanted to see if a woman could truly be faithful to her husband regardless of the circumstance, this was how he expected Aiysha to act with him but then again.

Aiysha was a woman whose occupation strived on social interactions unlike Cassandra, who was a housewife and had no use for such skills.

Kyle wasn't going to bring this to her notice, he didn't mind this to be honest because he knew he had a lot to learn from this interaction.

He didn't care if Cassandra stayed or went, he just wanted to screw her and the fact that she wasn't in his harem meant he could treat her however he wished.

They sipped their coffee, their conversation dangling on the surface but Kyle had an idea.

"You know, I envy married people," Kyle said, this was a good leeway to break the small talk because even if she didn't want to know, she was inclined to ask why but Kyle could tell she was curious to hear what he had to say.

"You envy married people?" Cassandra asked, slightly surprised by this revelation.

"I do, I do. You're telling the world you have found your person. Everyone, this is the person I'm spending the rest of my life with," Kyle said, taking a sip from his coffee.

"Hahaha!" Cassandra laughed for the first time in this conversation but it was more of a giggle.

"You will find your person and trust me, it will be the most beautiful thing in the world," Cassandra tried to reassure her but the distant tone she had exhibited moments ago was no more.

"That is what everyone says but not everyone finds their soulmate…" Kyle responded, pausing briefly.

"I wonder if mine might already be taken, people don't think about that enough," Kyle responded. This was subtle and could be interpreted in so many ways.

"Taken? If they are taken, then they aren't your soulmate," Cassandra quickly rubbished this theory but she was warming up to the conversation.

"Is that so? Do you believe everyone marries their soulmate?" Kyle questioned, taking a sip from her cup of coffee.

Kyle noticed she didn't answer right away, she was giving this some serious thought.

"Hm… We learn to love who we marry, not marry who we love. I believe that once you learn to love someone then your piece will change to match theirs," Cassandra responded and this was a good response.

One that took Kyle off-guard because it was now him thinking of a response.

"That is a fascinating response, I never thought about it that way but not all pieces fit or different pieces wouldn't exist," Kyle responded, countering her logic with his.

"You do have a point, I give you that," Cassandra confessed.

"Do you think you found the right piece?" Kyle questioned.

"Yes, yes I did," Cassandra responded but she hesitated for just a second.

"That's your first lie," Kyle thought to himself. After this conversation, the others that followed were a lot less stiff and Cassandra was speaking with a lot more freedom.

He realized that she was an older woman and she had outgrown certain topics.

That was why she was so distant, she had a rough idea of what younger guys wanted, all they thought about was sex because she was young once but Kyle had managed to engage her in ways even men her age had failed to.

She had a good time and Kyle displayed his maturity.

The coffee date soon came to an end, Kyle walked out the door, holding the door for her.

Cassandra walked out after him, laughing while they continued to talk.

Kyle waited for her to enter her car, she drove there but she didn't enter the car without hugging Kyle.

He felt her soft breasts pressed against his chest, they were the softens pair he had felt in his entire life because it sank right in.

Kyle's hands lingered on her lower back but this was where something interesting happened, they hugged for a minute too long like with Kyle pulling her a little too close.

She could feel his crotch pressed against her thigh but she managed to break away before things could escalate, clearing her throat.

"We should do this again," Kyle said, smiling right at her.

"I agree, I did have fun," Cassandra responded, turning around to get into her car.

Kyle's eyes naturally glanced at her buttocks, nothing beat the body of a well-developed woman.

The fact that she was chubby meant her ass cheeks had some of that weight.

She seemed to struggle with her car keys, struggling to twist them within the keyhole.

But she felt something push up against her from behind, her ass pressed against something not only long but thick.

"I-Is that…!" Cassandra's thoughts ran wild but the reason for this was because Kyle decided to help her try to open her car, she could have moved away the moment she felt it pressed against her but she stayed still.

"There you go," Kyle whispered in her ear the moment he helped her unlock her car.

This wasn't cheating, was it? Cassandra knew at that moment that she could no longer see this man, he was dangerous.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 59 - 59: C-Calista, You Bitch...!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle smiled as she pulled off the driveway, he knew that those final moments would ultimately shape her thoughts for the day.

She would recall this very moment to the point of obsession but there was a chance that she wouldn't after Kyle heard her views about love.

"Well Cassey, do you have your missing piece?" Kyle muttered under his breath.

She also paid for her own coffee, so one could argue that this wasn't a date. Otherwise, she would have allowed Kyle to cover the bills but instead opted to spend her own money.

Kyle respected that, she wished to show him that she could take care of herself, a statement.

Kyle entered his car and drove off. Even though he didn't have to go, his destination was the hospital. He knew that this would ensure that he had a good relationship with Ella, but on his way there, a call came through his phone.

Kyle picked up, it wasn't advised to pick up the phone while driving but Kyle wasn't just any driver. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say he is the best driver in the world right now.

It was Calista and she wanted to meet up, he was aware that her adrenaline was still high from the movie role she had gotten and wished to celebrate with him.

Kyle didn't know if he should ignore her and proceed with his initial plan but the truth was, this was a good chance to max out her affection bar and level up his system.

It could be today, Kyle heaved a sigh but it wasn't one of exhaustion but irritation.

He didn't particularly like Calista but he had no choice in this matter. Maybe he should reveal that he was the one who orchestrated everything and she wasn't here because of her talent?

A reminder that she would be nothing without him, Kyle reluctantly changed his destination and headed to Calista's place.

A place he had never been to before but seeing as she had been to his, this was only fitting.

He tore through the street like he was eager to crash his car but this was him enjoying himself.

His life was going well but there was one thing that he couldn't shake, it was the nightmare he had that day.

Maybe if he couldn't recall everything, then he would have forgotten about the dream.

He arrived at his destination soon after, he was surprised to see it in person because there wasn't anything particularly fancy about this area even though it was a neighbourhood that was economically more valuable than his, it didn't look all that impressive but Kyle didn't mind.

He walked up to her door and before he could even ring the doorbell, the door swung open and Calista threw her hands around him.

Unlike Jane, she wasn't scared to make the first move but before Kyle could say anything, she buried her tongue in his mouth like she was looking for treasure before breaking away.

Only then did Kyle see her properly, she had on sexy lingerie, and he could almost make out her breasts from the transparent fabric even though he had to squint his eyes to do so.

Kyle knew this was pointless considering he was going to remove it himself.

"Someone missed me," Kyle said but Calista had a smug look on her face while glancing at the bulge in his trousers.

"It looks like the feeling is mutual," Calista responded, turning around for Kyle to see her butt cheeks hanging out of the short nightgown she had on.

"Fucking hell… How do they look so enticing!" Kyle thought to himself, he wanted to take a bite of that cake but he had to keep his cool and find out why she invited him here even though he had an idea as to why.

Kyle entered and shut the door behind him, he got a clear view of her apartment.

It was littered with mid-range furniture and equipment but it did have a woman's touch.

Kyle noticed the smell of candles, it had a scent familiar to them and that was because they were gotten from the same store that Aiysha had gotten hers from.

He could remember the scent of it but Kyle didn't speak, he didn't know candles were a popular thing among women.

"Well, Kyle… What do you think?" Calista questioned, Kyle didn't know what to say.

He knew he had to make a conscious effort to appreciate the effort she put into this even though he understood why he was here.

"I think I want to ask how you still manage to be the most appealing thing in the room," Kyle responded with a smirk, Calista giggled.

It was a cheesy response but it worked. Kyle noticed there was a bottle of wine in the corner but Calista quickly brought a piece of paper and placed it right in front of him.

"I am ready to take this step with you, Kyle. I need to know if you are too…" Calista asked but Kyle was confused, she certainly couldn't be proposing a relationship so what was this about?

A quick look at the paper allowed him to understand this was some sort of consent form.

"It would make me very happy if you consent," Calista said, handing him a pen while sitting beside him with her hand moving up his thigh.

"A BDSM consent form? That explains how she's so good," Kyle thought but he had no qualms with this, what was the worst that could happen even though he didn't have any experience with the act itself?

He has watched a few videos regarding this but details in the form that one would otherwise have missed, Kyle comprehended everything.

It had a no-disclosure clause which worked for him but also worried him because he had no idea what Calista planned to do if she had such a rule in the contract.

But keeping it a secret, was a plus because the last thing he needed was what he did in the bedroom becoming public knowledge.

He wasn't some degenerate or pornstar so he didn't think too much about this as he signed the paper.

If anything, it would save him the stress in the future because he planned to get a copy of that document as soon as possible.

"I trust you and I'm willing to take this step with you too, Calista…" Kyle responded with a warm smile.

[[Updated in affection bar!]]

[[Calista's affection: 99!]]

Kyle kissed his teeth silently, he was so close and he wondered what the fuck was holding the last 1%.

Calista sprung to her feet immediately to keep the paper somewhere safe, only returning with the wine and two glass cups.

"Now, we can truly celebrate!" Calista said while pouring him a glass of wine.

Kyle took a sip from the glass but it had a weird taste.

"What?" Kyle thought to himself but before he could do much else, his body soon became numb, falling back first into the couch. He could barely retain consciousness but at that moment, he came to realise how crazy the woman before him was.

"T-This bitch… She drugged me?!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 60 - 60: Ritual? [+18]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle lost consciousness and he instantly regretted signing whatever form she had drawn up.

Kyle didn't know what she had in store but this was unacceptable because it left him in a vulnerable position but his eyes slowly woke up.

Kyle could feel something around his wrists and hands but that wasn't the most concerning thing, he had no clothes on.

Kyle's eyes were soon able to assimilate his environment but Calista was nowhere in sight.

He realized that if she decided to record this, it could serve as good blackmail material when Kyle became someone.

Kyle couldn't believe he lowered his guard but that was on him, the paper he signed meant he could take legal actions but that wasn't all.

That paper also worked to his advantage, he was cuffed to the bed, his hands above his head with his legs bound to with rope.

This was no doubt sex play but Kyle had little to no experience so he didn't know how to respond to it but drugging him was a no-no.

"Calista…?" Kyle called and only then did she come into sight but she had on a weird mask however Kyle knew it was her thanks to the temple that was her body.

She was no longer dressed in the transparent lingerie she had on previously but a weird set of clothing.

She had on a choker but what took Kyle off guard was the set of clothing she had on.

She had on a latex skirt that barely covered her butt cheeks with a shirt tied at the torso to leave her stomach exposed.

Calista didn't say a word but Kyle didn't like where this was going. He tried to break free from the cuffs but he couldn't, however,  the ropes around his legs didn't loosen as well.

"What's wrong with my body, I can barely think," Kyle thought, he had a throbbing erection, and that was where all the blood was being redirected.

She had not only given him something to knock him out but also to boost his libido.

Kyle was beginning to question if that was truly Calista behind that mask, was this some sort of weird ritual?

He looked around and saw there was no one else in the room.

"This isn't funny, Calista!" Kyle barked but once again, his words fell on deaf ears.

Calista grabbed his hardened cock but the sensation that shot through his body wasn't pleasure, it was pain.

Blood had accumulated there for a bit too long so it was tender, it felt like the veins around his cock would implode, realising this wasn't a session for pleasure but torture. He noticed that some sort of cock ring had been used to keep the blood trapped.

Kyle yanked his head back in pain but there was nothing he could do at this point.

Calista began to stroke it gently to make sure it was at its maximum hardness, stopping after she had confirmed it.

"This bitch…! What the fuck is she doing!?" Kyle thought to himself, if this was what it took to get the 1% then it wasn't worth it.

There was nothing pleasure about this experience and he was beginning to realize that Calista might be a certified sadist.

That would explain everything including why she went through that length to ruin his life.

She enjoyed it, that was the simple reason for it.

Kyle knew that struggling would only hurt him and chose to talk to Calista.

" You know, a safe word is usually given for times like-!" Kyle found he was unable to speak as Calista had shoved her panties down his throat without saying a word.

Even if Kyle wanted to say his safe word, he couldn't and he watched Calista take out a long needle, roughly the size of his cock from the bedside drawer.

"This bitch is nuts!" Kyle concluded. He began to thrash around and at that moment, he realized that he made a mistake getting her this comfortable.

No wonder she was single but what Kyle saw next wasn't what he expected.

Expected her to stick the needle in his body or worse, his cock but she mounted him and used it to make a small slice on her chest.

The blood dripped down her ample bosom, down her nipple and ultimately onto Kyle's lips.

She slowly placed her finger over her mouth to gesture for him to be quiet before removing the gag.

"S-She wants me to drink her blood?" Kyle was confused, this was beginning to look like some satanic ritual and he wanted no part in it.

She made another cut but it was on her areola this time, slowly lowering her chest for Kyle to suck on it.

Kyle stuck out his tongue and placed it around her nipple.

"Mmhhmm~"

That was the only confirmation he needed to know this was Calista, that familiar moan he had heard so many times. She began to touch herself with her nipple in Kyle's mouth, running her fingers along her clit.

The taste of iron lingered on his tongue but it was almost like this awakened something primal in him.

Kyle couldn't explain it but he wanted more blood, one would think he was Dracula Tepes because he sunk his teeth into her nipple.

"... N-Not so hard~" Calista had done well not to talk until now had broken character.

Kyle's tongue, danced around her nipple before he sucked it like a vacuum.

She reached for his balls and began to massage them, Kyle felt her juices dripping down his torso.

Whatever she gave him, she either took it herself or this was doing something to her.

"I-I knew you were the one… I knew I was ri~" She couldn't complete her sentence because the pleasure that shot up her spine made her mind go blank.

Kyle was sucking her tit like he wanted to rip it off her chest and it must have been the adrenaline but he managed to break free from the cuffs.

These weren't actual cuffs but sex cuffs so it wasn't as secure as regular cuffs.

"You fucking bitch…!" Kyle cussed out, grabbing her by the neck and throwing her off him.

He quickly used his free hand to loosen the other cuff that bound his other hand.

Calista was confused by his reaction and quickly tried to gain some distance between them but Kyle grabbed her by the ankle to trip her.

"Where do you think you're going? We're just getting started!" Kyle warned with a sinister grin.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 61 - 61: Damn Tease [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle flipped the table and Calista was now on the receiving end, Kyle knew that this woman had other plans for him even if he didn't consent to them but then again, he didn't complain about it.

Kyle was so close to maxing out her affection bar so he thought it was something that he could endure but if blood was built up like that in his cock for too long, he risked losing it all together.

He noticed he couldn't remove it, it had some combination code attached.

Kyle couldn't believe it but the smirk on Calista's face could be seen beneath her mask.

"I see what you did," Kyle muttered.

She considered this scenario because this restricted what Kyle could do even while free.

He could go to the hospital but that would make for awkward stares and questions.

More importantly, it would teach Calista that she could get away with such things, he couldn't have that.

"What is the code?" Kyle questioned, trapping Calista beneath his body weight.

"I wonder what it is…" Calista responded in a mocking tone, Kyle kissed his teeth in irritation.

He didn't know what was going on with her but knife play wasn't something you ambush someone with, that was on the extreme side and he wasn't comfortable with it.

"This isn't the time, Calista…" Kyle responded, his hands tightening around her wrists, the pressure threatening to crush the bones in them.

Calista, however, showed Kyle that was skilled in some self-defence because before Kyle knew it, he was the one on the ground.

"I didn't know you were so strong~" Calista teased him but before Kyle could say or do anything, she removed the cockring that held his member captive.

It was still extremely sensitive but the numbness was slowly fading and Kyle could feel it returning to life.

But the blood trapped needed to be expelled and there was only one way to do that right now.

Calista looked at the bed and realized that the cuffs were missing but before she could react.

She felt something around her left wrist before being pushed off Kyle as her right wrist followed suit. Kyle cuffed her hands like a police officer.

"You have the right to remain silent… You know what, you have the right to scream," Kyle responded because Calista could only squirm.

"I will do things to you that you would wish you didn't invite me over," Kyle teased.

"I can take whatever you dish out, big boy," Calista fired back, indirectly calling his bluff and that was all Kyle needed to give him the drive to make a mess out of her.

Kyle raised her hips, her ass hanging in the air but her coochie was dripping wet.

It was a miracle that Calista didn't stick it in herself but that gave Kyle the advantage.

If she was this aroused, there was no way that she wouldn't be a sensitive mess down there and Kyle was about to confirm that.

He didn't need to wet his fingers with the amount of juices dripping down her legs, he placed a finger in but the force that sucked it in, Kyle smirked upon realizing that he had complete control.

"Y-You bastard…J-Just put it in~" Calista damn nearly begged but Kyle wasn't listening to her.

He didn't care about her needs, she had drugged him and put him through some weird torture ritual that he couldn't even explain to a stranger without sounding like a sociopath.

"Shut the fuck up!" Kyle barked and a loud smack followed, Kyle had spanked her right on the buttocks.

"Mhhmm!~"

Calista's muffled voice filled the room, Kyle's finger slithered into her, exploring every curve and fleshy terrain that her pussy had to offer.

Even with a single finger, it was so tight yet it was able to gobble up his entire cock at a moment's notice.

Kyle was impressed by this, sliding his finger in and out of her, arching his finger towards her stomach from within her making her toes curled.

"F-Fuc!~" Another loud smack originated from her behind, her buttocks serving as a musical instrument that Kyle played each time she tried to speak.

"I said, keep your ducking mouth shut!" Kyle warned her but he always wondered how she tasted, removing his finger drenched in her juices.

He wasn't going to taste her from his finger when the source of this nectar was right in front of him.

Kyle dug his tongue right inside her, thrashing every inch within and this was when Calista bit her lips with her eyes rolling to the back of her head simultaneously.

Calista's legs began to twitch, she was about to have a powerful orgasm and Kyle had only just stuck his tongue in but he was reaching places he shouldn't be reaching.

The fact that his tongue could twist and bend made it all the better.

Kyle noticed her trying to reach for his head to push him in deeper but in that position, it was impossible.

He could feel the sensation return to his cock but it wasn't time to stick it in her, not yet.

But she tasted so good, her fluids lingered at the tip of his tongue as he twirled it in a circular motion while inside her.

"Y-You're so deep!~" Calista moaned, her buttocks were already red from the previous spanking but Kyle already established she was a sadist.

This was why she kept on disobeying him all so she would be spanked but Kyle was getting a kick out of it as well so he didn't care about it.

But once again, Calista was about to melt and just as she was about to let loose, Kyle removed his tongue leaving the hole vacant and throbbing.

Begging for something to fill it but he knew this was just the beginning.

The consent form had allowed him to push past his boundaries and the fact that Calista hadn't used her safe word meant that he was still operating within the confines of her boundaries.

"How bad do you want it?" Kyle asked, running his finger up and down her clit, her body squirming with each stroke.

"I-I wan-!~" Calista was interrupted by a loud smack on her buttocks, biting her lower lips as it came out as muffled cries.

"How bad do you want it?" Kyle asked once again. He was expecting his question to be answered directly.

"YOUR DICK!~"

"P-PLEASE GIVE IT TO ME!~"

Calista begged like a mindless sex toy and Kyle chuckled, his balls were heavy.

Kyle knew if he was to cum right now, it would be able to fill up a bucket, an obvious exaggeration but he was going to make Calista pay.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 62 - 62: System Level Up! [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle held his cock in his hand and slapped it at the slit but Calista quickly readjusted her hips before plunging it down on Kyle's cock.

He wanted to tease her a bit more but the way her inner walls coiled around it, it was like it never wanted to let it go.

Kyle tried to pull out, but the vacuum force that opposed him was great, and he couldn't fight the pleasure.

The fact that his cock had been overstimulated for hours meant that he was about to nut at any moment, even the slightest thrust.

Kyle tried to back away but the way she threw her ass back made this an impossible task so all he could do was meet her mid-stroke.

It was time to see who would tap out first, Kyle pulled her back, hitting all the angles within her.

"N-No… N-Not so rough or I will…!~" Calista's eyes rolled to the back of her head, drooling like a wild animal.

A loud smack once again kept her mouth shut but this time, the sound was heard more frequently.

Kyle kept spanking her as he simultaneously fucked her, one hand on her ass, the other pulling her hair.

"God, your pussy feels so fucking good!" Kyle complimented her and she tightened up the moment she heard this.

"It is all yours!~" Calista's mind was blank, all she could think about was dick and Kyle was giving her everything she wanted.

Kyle recalled what she told him that day about a man making advances on her, he didn't have any emotional attachment but the thought that someone dared think of touching what belonged to him was provoking.

Kyle needed to imprint himself on her body, he needed to make her body respond only to him.

"That's right, you belong to me, Calista. Don't you ever fucking forget that…" Kyle barked, putting his hand on her back, pushing it to the ground while her ass remained elevated and his hands around her slender waist.

Kyle grabbed it tightly as he began to fuck her even more aggressively.

"W-Wait-!~" The fact that he has been edging Calista made her extremely sensitive.

Each stroke felt like she could have an orgasm but she had to mentally restrain herself because if Kyle felt like she was close to it, he would stop and that was the last thing she wanted.

Kyle couldn't believe the pleasure building up within his balls, he was so close to cumming but he didn't want to give Calista that satisfaction.

"T-Tell me…~" Calista muttered but she wasn't able to finish her sentence.

Kyle didn't let up with his strokes, it only got harder and far more aggressive.

He didn't care about anything at that moment but he wanted to hear what she had to say.

This was the only reason his strokes slowed, she was out of breath and could barely speak through the moans.

"T-Tell me you love me!~" Calista whimpered, her voice cracking and this took Kyle by surprise.

He felt nothing for her but he didn't hate her per se because, without her ploy to ruin his life, he would never have activated his system.

There was no way that Kyle was ever going to spend $1,000 on a lady when he could barely afford rent so this was fate.

The universe put Calista in his path to make this happen and he was going to keep her under his thumb as a keepsake until he no longer had use for her.

"S-Say it… P-Please..~" Calista pleaded, her voice sounding sorrowful and Kyle realized that she needed to hear it more than she was letting on.

:" I love you Calista Wave…" Kyle muttered, picking up the pace of his strokes.

"S-Say it again!~" Calista screamed, her tone startling Kyle.

She sounded like a possessed woman and Kyle knew these were ultimately just words.

He had no problem feeding into her delusion and the words left his lips as sleek as her wet pussy welcomed his cock- effortlessly.

"I love you!" Kyle said and that was when the nut came, Kyle let loose all his cum in her, filling her up to the brim but this triggered her orgasm.

[Ding!]

[Congratulations! System upgrade requirement met!]

[Congratulations! The cashback system has been upgraded from X10 to X50!]

[Congratulations! You have been granted 3 additional slots to your Harem!]

[You have received 2 lottery tickets!]

[You have received 1 extreme lottery ticket!]

[Do you want to draw?]

[YES][NO]

"Fuck! I'm cumming!" Kyle informed her but she didn't hear a thing because her entire body quivered, thrashing around like she was having a seizure.

She no longer had to hold back and it was so intense that she damn near lost consciousness but Kyle was tapped out too, she wasn't the one that was edged.

Kyle laid back, he didn't know his heart could beat this intensely.

But there was something that brought him comfort and that was the fact that he was done with this phase as the cyan screen before him informed him of his task.

The jump in cashback rewards wasn't something he was expecting but he wasn't one to complain, this only gave him room to spend his money a bit more recklessly.

But Kyle wondered what would happen if he didn't draw the lottery, he could pull it later, couldn't he?

He wondered what he would be given this time because the lottery usually was a manifestation of something physical, he got his car and agency with these draws so he knew that he was going to get something decent.

But he didn't want to worry about that, he wasn't sure if these draws would be influenced by his current situation and if that was the case, it would be best to draw these lotteries when his back was up against a wall.

He closed his eyes with a content smile as his consciousness drifted away into a dream or was it a nightmare?

-

"This place again…" Kyle thought to himself, the same abandoned environment but he noticed that there was something different about this dream.

He was no longer a child but he retained his current appearance, Kyle couldn't believe it but he recalled every single thing.

A dream was meant to be an escape from reality but Kyle didn't have this luxury.

He quickly rushed to the bench to check if the lady he had seen there previously was present but he met no one.

"Where did she go?" Kyle thought to himself, one would think a person has more control over their dreams but Kyle felt like a stranger here.

"WHERE ARE YOU!?" Kyle screamed at the top of his lungs but all he heard were echoes of his voice.

He felt uneasy, his breathing became heavy and fear crept up on him, Kyle couldn't understand what was going on.

"Wait!" A thought came into his head, Kyle never thought about this until now and that was if he could use his system in this world.

"System! Respond if you can hear me," Kyle called out. Even if this was his dream, it was still part of his reality and as such, the system should be accessible to him in this world.

This would be an ideal time to initiate the lottery draw but Kyle got no response to this request.

"Damn it! Initiate the draw!" Kyle screamed but once again, he got no response.

"I must be losing my mind, why did I think this would work?" Kyle's face palmed himself with a look of disbelief.

He couldn't believe that he thought this would work, it was a dream and thus, wasn't real.

"... K… Y… L… E?" A voice called out, Kyle turned around immediately but he saw nothing.

There was no doubt that this was the voice of a woman.

"Who is there!?" Kyle screamed at the top of his lungs but there was no response.

"KYLE!" The voice rang right behind her and Kyle felt this immense fear swell up him.

Something told him that if he turned back, he would die.

"WHY?!" A scream echoed and that was when his eyes shot open, Calista was still passed out beside him but this nightmare jolted him awake.

Kyle's breathing was heavy as immense fear lingered in his heart, he remembered every single thing; including the fear he felt.

Kyle knew he needed some fresh air, it couldn't be helped considering the thoughts in his head.

He walked out of the room, he didn't wish to snoop but he wanted to see what kind of place she had so walked around.

Kyle couldn't snoop around for too long because the doorbell rang, Kyle knew it wasn't in his place to answer but Calista was out of it after that session so there was no way in hell she was going to hear the doorbell.

Kyle thought about answering but quickly pushed that thought out of his head, the last thing he needed was for someone to associate him with Calista even though she made a good accessory.

"Maybe I should just see who it is…" Kyle thought. After all, he could do that without opening the door thanks to the peephole on it.

But what Kyle saw made his heart sink because this was no doubt the…

"... Police!?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 63 - 63: ... Police?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle didn't know what the police were doing here but it would be suspicious if he were the one that answered the door.

Kyle knew they couldn't break in without a warrant and quickly tip-toed back to Calista, how awkward would it be if she took her last breath?

How would he even explain the situation? Calista died because she couldn't handle his cock?

That sounds absurd to the point that even Kyle wouldn't believe himself.

But a sigh of relief escaped his lips, he confirmed that Calista was still breathing. There was no telling what awaited him, but he wondered if she was the one who had called the police.

It would make no sense for her to do so unless all of this were a set-up.

The current situation didn't look good and if they were to see her state, she could easily act as an abuse victim and with the signed document not in his possession, all he had were his words.

"The fuck?" Kyle thought. The doorbell rang a couple of times before they gave up.

Kyle wanted to get the hell out of there but he noticed that the police were loitering around.

They didn't leave but another patrol car instead joined them.

At that moment, he realized he had to wake Calista up, he rushed to her side and shook her awake.

She was drooling, in another world, and it took her a minute or two to recalibrate with Kyle waiting for her to go through the motion.

"... Kyle?" Calista muttered, rubbing her eyes.

"You have a guest," Kyle informed her but the look of surprise on her face showed that she wasn't expecting anyone.

"I wonder who it could be?" Calista thought to herself but Kyle didn't care about this.

She was an actress so this could all be an act even though she was a shitty one.

Calista walked to the door and Kyle remained out of sight, already searching for a way out in case things go haywire.

He wasn't about to be caught missing even though his car was parked right in front of her house but there was a high chance that they would think this was Calista's car.

After all, there was a Lamborghini parked right there, this couldn't be a coincidence.

Kyle leaned in, trying his best to eavesdrop and hear what she was discussing with the police officer but to no avail.

"What are they talking about?" He thought but in his attempt to find out, he made more noise than he would have liked.

Calista looked back before returning her attention to Kyle, he didn't know what to make of this and realized that he might have been had.

Kyle instantly thought about initiating his escape plan but the door shut prompting Kyle to peek one last time.

All he saw was Calista walking towards him, there were no cops around her.

"Babe, you wouldn't believe what I just saw," Calista said but Kyle was beginning to realize that she thought that they were in a relationship because why the fuck was she calling him babe?

It made his skin crawl but there was nothing that could be done at this point. In time and decided to be oblivious.

"Who or what?" Kyle asked, feigning interest but what interested him was why the police came here.

"The police, they thought I was in danger. Someone called them," Calista said amid laughter. She wasn't done and Kyle waited for her to land the punchline.

"It was because I was screaming…That's what that meat of yours does to me," Calista chuckled and Kyle just shook his head with a smile plastered across his face.

Of course, they would call the police but this told him something, if it was a usual occurrence.

Then her neighbours wouldn't have called the police as they would know what kind of timing she was on so this wasn't something she usually did.

"Interesting…" Kyle thought to himself, it was ridiculous but he was done here.

He wanted to go and see how the construction of his nightclub was going and with the upgrade of his system.

He ate something at her place before ultimately leaving the area, there was no reason to stay any longer and Calista knew he had work to do but before Kyle left, he needed to say.

"You know, Calista. I never thought we'd reach this far but I'm glad we met," Kyle fed her fantasy of a relationship but he didn't expect anything from her.

This experience was another reminder of why he needed to keep Calista, she would help him make up for his lack of sexual experience.

This was an invaluable tool if he was going to keep the women in his harem faithful to him.

-

Kyle knew that with available harem slots, he had to be careful because there was no telling who would be inscribed into it.

The last thing he needed was another Calista situation where he had no control over who entered his harem.

Kyle hit the gas pedal and arrived at the construction site in no time, partly expecting the workers to either be slacking off or taking a break but they were working just as hard as he had left them.

He noticed that the store had already begun its altering stage and Kyle was content with what he saw.

"You're back?" Collins said. Kyle looked over his shoulder and saw that he was drenched in sweat.

He wasn't just observing the workers, he was partaking in the construction, something he didn't need to do.

"Damn, I need to hit the gym," Kyle thought the moment he saw Collins' muscles glistening in sweat, he needed to get not just his money up but his physical body as well.

"You guys work fast…" Kyle said and Collins chuckled at this compliment.

"We do and at this rate, you should have your nightclub in a week because my boys are eager to get this work done with. It has been a while since they have had a project this big," Collins responded.

"If you do a good job, I would be more than willing to pay extra fees to show my appreciation," Kyle encouraged him, this was to dissuade him from cutting corners.

And that would be enough for Collins even if he was going to do a good job regardless of this offer because he knew the power of referral.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 64 - 64: An Unexpected Visitor.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jane remained in the hospital with Ella, she took a day off from work to make sure that her best friend was alright because she knew that Ella needed all the support she could muster if she wasn't going to relapse.

The fact that she turned to drugs without speaking to Jane first made Jane feel bad but she couldn't make this about her as there was a chance that it had nothing to do with her to begin with.

Jane didn't know what her friend was going through and didn't bother asking because if it was something that Ella wished for her to know, she would have told her.

Jane had no intention of forcing it out of her because there were certain battles one needed to conquer before they could talk about it, this was one of those.

The doctor already informed them that she should be good to go home today.

Jane couldn't sleep and remained awake beside her sleeping friend, Ella was getting the drugs pumped out of her system and thankfully, this didn't have any adverse effects.

"Hey…" Jane greeted a just waking Ella, Ella was getting a lot of sleep in. She couldn't share what was bothering her with Jane or it would ruin Jane's absolute trust in her or at least that's what she thought but maybe she didn't have to.

The fact that she went behind her back to talk to Kyle was proof of how desperate she was.

"Girl, you look like shit," Ella informed Jane and Jane couldn't help but chuckle.

"You're one to talk," Jane responded but silence followed soon after.

"Look Jane… I'm so-!" Ella was cut off by her friend before she could complete those words.

" It is fine… No, maybe it isn't and that's fine. You don't have to pretend to be alright, you never have to pretend," Jane said, pausing briefly as she held Ella's hand.

"Good or bad, I will always be there for you but don't deny me the honour of that, that's all I ask. I will sit in the mud with you but we do it together even if you cannot tell me what it is," Jane said but the usually put together Ella couldn't stay strong anymore.

She broke down in tears but it wasn't just her as Jane followed suit.

"Damn it! When did you become so good with words," Ella sobbed but Jane couldn't verbalize a response.

She didn't need to, at this moment Ella knew she had taken the wrong approach.

She still viewed Jane as someone she needed to take care of but Jane was no longer an incapable lady that couldn't handle herself.

"That was emotional," A voice said at the door, Jane immediately shot her head back because she recognized this voice.

"Mike?" Jane questioned, she didn't know why he was there considering she hadn't called him.

She looked at Ella but Ella was equally confused, she didn't call him either.

He had a flower in hand with a box of chocolate.

Mike came the moment he heard that Jane was taking a day off because Jane was in the hospital.

Everyone at her workplace knew who Ella was but no one knew about her struggle with addiction.

"I came as soon as I heard, how're you both holding up?" Mike asked.

Jane couldn't be mad at this gesture, it simply showed that he was supportive and quite frankly, she could use all the support she could get.

"I can't believe you came," Jane muttered with a look of disbelief.

"Of course I will, I have always been there for you," Mike responded but this made Ella arch a brow in suspicion.

She could tell that Mike was interested in Jane and there was no way in hell she was going to allow him to ruin Jane's relationship with Kyle.

That was the best man in the world as far as she was concerned because she was certain that by some miracle, Mike was to get Jane.

He would only ruin her because he wasn't the type to stay committed to a single lady.

Ella disliked him to the bone, he came with flowers and handed them to her, Ella had to pretend because even if she disliked him and he had an ulterior motive, he did come all the way here.

"How're you holding up? What did the doctor say was the problem?" Mike questioned her.

She looked alright from his point of view but that was to be expected considering her problem wasn't physical.

"I'm good Mike and it was just a little stomach ache," Ella responded, giving no room for him to further the conversation.

"You look as fit as a fiddle," Mike commented but Ella rolled her eyes in irritation.

Mike handed her the flowers and she immediately placed them on the side of the table as she watched him redirect his focus on Jane.

"You see what he's doing… Right, Jane?" Ella thought to herself, Mike was about to prey on her vulnerability.

It might look harmless now but there was no telling what effect this would have in the long run.

But before things could go any further, the most unexpected thing happened.

"Well, well, well. What do we have here?" A lady said.

Ella's eyes widened in horror as she subconsciously sat up from her bed.

Mike's attention completely shifted from Jane, focusing on the new specimen that just walked in.

She had on black lipsticks, if you thought Ella looked attractive, this woman was an upgraded version of her.

"S-sister!?" Ella coughed out and Mike couldn't believe how many beautiful women were in a room.

Jane grabbed Mike by the arm, startling the much bigger man as she guided him out of the room.

"Good to see you, Jane…" The majestic lady greeted but judging from Jane's facial terrified expression.

The feeling wasn't mutual.

"S-Same here, Cleopatra," Jane spoke like something was stuck in her throat but nonetheless.

This begged the question, who was Cleopatra and why was she here?

*

*

*

A/N: New Character Picture Will Be Added By The End Of The Day.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 65 - 65: Dude...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ella was in the room with Cleopatra and Jane kept Mine out.

Cleopatra and Ella didn't have a good relationship which was why everyone was surprised that she was here.

"Who was that?" Mike questioned. She had pale skin, like a corpse walking around, unlike Ella's skin.

This made it hard for anyone not to notice her and Mike was a victim of that but then again, Mike was a man that had wandering eyes.

"That's Cleopatra. Ella's older sister," Jane responded, not thinking too much about his question as she didn't care if he was interested in her or not.

Cleopatra was far from a kind woman and it is believed she had a hand in her sister's drug addiction.

This was bad, the last thing they needed was her presence because Ella wasn't in the right frame of mind. Cleopatra always brought out the worst in her younger sister.

This had the potential to undo everything Ella worked so hard to accomplish.

"I'm just glad you're okay, Jane," Mike chimed in prompting Jane to flash him a smile.

"I'm thankful that you came, that was considerate of you. You're a good friend, Mike," Jane was quick to remind him of what he was to her.

She didn't want any lines blurred so there wouldn't be any misinterpretation.

"Friend, huh?" Mike thought to himself but he knew this was a temporary label or at least that's what he truly believed.

He moved in to hug Jane but from his peripheral vision, he caught a glimpse of someone staring right at them.

There was something familiar about this figure, Mike turned his head to look in that direction only to see Kyle standing there with a mocking smirk on his face like he knew exactly what Mike was thinking.

When the hell did he get here? He had no idea but he saw this as an opportunity to cause a rift in his relationship with Jane as he continued with his hug.

Kyle didn't attempt to do anything and simply watched, he wasn't one to get jealous of such trivial things but Jane didn't reciprocate his hug.

She awkwardly backed away, confused as to why he was trying to hug her in the first place.

"W-What are you doing…?" Jane questioned with an uneasy smile on her face.

"I just wanted to comfort you," Mike responded but at that moment, Jane saw Kyle and her face immediately brightened up.

"... Kyle!?" Jane exclaimed.

"I wanted to surprise you but it looks like you had company so I didn't want to impose," Kyle responded before spreading his arms apart.

Kyle didn't need to stay long at the construction site because Collins had everything under control.

"Miss me?" Kyle asked and without saying a word, Jane ran into his arms.

Kyle knew that Mike wanted her, he couldn't blame him because Jane was like a blank canvas that was yet to be imprinted.

There was no relationship trauma so he didn't need to worry about what an ex did or didn't do.

She hugged him tightly and Kyle's mocking smile remained on his face, looking right at Mike.

"I-I did!" Jane managed to respond and Mike felt sick to the stomach.

"Why the fuck are you acting this way in front of me…" Mike thought to himself, Jane was making him look like a disposable dog and he was beginning to believe that this was intentional.

"How's she? How're you? I tried to come earlier but I had some business to attend to," Kyle informed her.

Jane didn't care about any of that, what mattered to her was that he was here now.

"I'm fine now…" Jane said, Kyle stroked her hair lovingly.

"I'm glad to hear that…" The hug soon came to an end and Kyle approached Mike.

"I know you. Jane, is he a friend?" Kyle asked, indirectly making her introduce them.

"Yes, he is. Kyle, this is Mike. Mike, this is Kyle," Jane introduced them.

There was nothing suspicious about her body language so Kyle knew there was nothing going on between them but he also knew how dangerous a man that wanted a woman could become.

He needed to see if this Mike would become a threat to Jane in one way or another.

Kyle stretched his hand for a handshake, Mike knew he couldn't cause a scene so he took Kyle's hand to shake but what was this grip?

Mike didn't know what his deal was but Kyle was a strange man even though the grip didn't particularly hurt because of Kyle's physical strength.

"A good friend that is there in her time of need? Thank you for keeping her company in my absence Mike but I can take it from here," Kyle said sternly.

Mike knew opposing this would make him look bad and Jane wasn't even paying attention to the conversation.

Her eyes were focused on Kyle, he looked a lot different with that haircut and she literally couldn't take her eyes off him.

Before Mike could speak, Kyle redirected his full focus on Jane so even though he was to speak, it was of no concern to Kyle because as far as he was concerned.

That conversation was over and Mike just stood there, feeling like a clown.

Kyle dragged Jane and comforted her in his embrace.

"I guess I will be on my way…" Mike felt humiliated the moment these words left his lips.

But Jane quickly thanked him, she was so sweet and that was why Kyle knew he had to protect her from this predatory man before him.

She walked him to the door and they said their goodbyes before she returned to Kyle.

Kyle wanted to tell her about Mike's intention but he knew now wasn't the time.

"How's Ella?" Kyle asked, he noticed that Jane didn't answer him with Mike around and decided not to push it because there had to be a reason for that.

"She's better but I'm worried about her now that her sister is here," Jane pointed out.

Kyle didn't know the significance of this encounter as one would think that having family around would be a good thing.

"Her sister? Shouldn't that be a good thing?" Kyle asked but the look on Jane's face gave him his answer.

"I guess not," Kyle answered himself.

Family was not always the solution, family often times were poisoned appendages you needed to sever to survive. Maybe that was the case with Ella.

But Ella wasn't his responsibility, Jane was.

"Have you eaten?" Kyle asked her but Jane shook her head to deny this.

"You should also take care of yourself or she would only end up worrying about you. How about it? Let's go get something to eat," Kyle suggested.

Ella was with her sister, he didn't know of their relationship but Jane needed to also look after herself.

Jane was hesitant, glancing multiple times in the direction where Ella's room was stationed.

"It is fine if you don't want to go, I could always get you something," Kyle suggested but Jane shook her head.

He was right, she needed to get something to eat and she could use this opportunity to get something for Ella to eat as well.

Kyle extended his arm and she grabbed it, her face flushed red. Kyle found it cute that he still had this effect on her even after they had kissed.

-

Mike was enraged, he couldn't believe that Kyle made him look so stupid.

How was Jane attracted to him? He was so arrogant.

He would have said it was because of his money but he knew that Jane wasn't that kind of girl.

If anything, the money would make the relationship more complicated.

He recalled his earlier conversation with Jane when they first met, she was never one to be wooed by a display of wealth.

He watched men approach her and fail, men that had money to burn and this was part of the reason he wanted her.

She was one of a kind, a lady who believed in hard work rather than being taken care of so what was it about Kyle?

There had to be something wrong with this man, no one could be this perfect but all of this didn't matter to him. All that mattered was getting Jane.

It was no longer just a thing of affection but pride, he could t wait to see the look on Kyle's face when he got Jane to do what she was doing with him.

Mike waited outside the hospital like a sociopath, he had taken the day off so there was no need to worry about going to work.

He didn't have to wait long because he saw Jane and Kyle exiting the hospital.

Seeing that only infuriated him but he noticed that they were walking on foot and thus, made it possible for him to follow them.

There was no need for Kyle to use his car considering the place they were going to was just down the street.

Mike stalked them but his eyes weren't on Jane, they were on Kyle.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 66 - 66: The Past 1/2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle took Jane to a nearby restaurant and he allowed her to order anything she wanted even though she was still being considerate as she didn't want to be a financial burden to him.

Kyle found this cute and he noticed that Jane was a lot freer around him, she was no longer stiff.

She ordered hash browns, consisting of finely julienned potatoes that have been fried until golden brown with a glass of juice at the side.

Kyle ordered exactly what she was having because he wanted to try something different, pancakes were his usual go to but he wanted what she was having.

"Jane, how are you truly holding up?" Kyle began the conversation.

"If I'm being honest, I don't know… Ella has been struggling for years but I thought the worst was over," Jane was opening up, and Kyle knew this was his chance to get to know Jane.

He knew nothing about her and this was his chance to gather crucial information.

"I-I'm sorry, I didn't mean to bother you with my mess," Jane quickly apologized but Kyle wondered why people always did this.

They were on the verge of opening up only to apologize for doing so as if they were putting the listener on the spot. They would be more prone to give them their full attention if presented in such a manner.

"If you can't talk to me then you might as well be mute," Kyle teased, he had to laugh at the end of this sentence or there was a chance that it would be taken wrongly.

Jane gave him a reassuring smile before taking a deep breath, she realized that Kyle was a person she could give her soul to.

She had feelings for him and it went beyond a mere crush and she was willing to take this risk with him.

"This is how it goes…" Jane began.

-

A young girl in her mid-teens had on braces but she was seated in the toilet, sobbing.

Her school uniform was wet with her broken glasses shattered on the ground in front of her.

This was a younger Jane and she was a victim of bullying in the all-girl school she attended.

This was because of her plain look and she was one of the kids that wouldn't be considered conventionally attractive.

"You know, you have to fight back or they will just keep coming back," A girl in one of the bathroom stalls said but Jane couldn't see who it was because of the door and also the fact that her glasses were shattered.

"W-Who is there?" Jane muttered, backing away from the direction the voice came from.

The door to the stall shot open and out came a girl with red hair, it was Ella.

"Grey your ass up or I will join in!" Ella barked and in a heartbeat, Jane got to her feet.

Ella walked up to her and smacked her lightly on the head.

"The correct answer was no. You don't do everything you're told, only what you want to do. You would get your ass beaten either way so isn't it better to be beaten for putting up a fight?" Ella shrugged.

This was a sound argument even though bullying wasn't that black and white.

Ella was a delinquent in this school but she didn't care about anything enough to participate in.

And she was on probation after her last run and this was only because of her family's influence within the school.

"Oh, you can't see me?" Ella questioned and Jane nodded to confirm this.

"Is it the mean girl clique?" Ella questioned and Jane nodded once again, snot running down her nose.

Ella sighed before awkwardly patting Jane on the head.

"There, there," Ella didn't know how to comfort her but she realized that this particular group of girls were becoming a nuisance.

She had to clip their wings soon or it would only escalate.

She grabbed Jane by the hand and walked her out of the bathroom, she was dripping wet.

There was no doubt that she would attract attention but that was about it, no one dared laugh because Ella was with her.

Jane couldn't see clearly but the moment she heard laughter in the distance, she forcefully stopped in her tracks.

"What are you doing?" Ella asked but Jane didn't say a word.

She thought Ella was setting her up and didn't want another beating but Ella began to drag her forcefully.

They soon came into view of the girls and Jane hid behind Ella.

"Hey!" Ella screamed and the girls turned to her, they were three in number but even they looked alarmed when they saw Ella.

Ella had a nickname within the school and that was "The Blood Sucking Witch".

She absorbed the blood of those she beat and that's why her hair was so red so naturally, everyone knew she was trouble but she was outnumbered and on probation.

These girls knew it and that was the only reason they confronted her.

"What do you want bitch? You found a stray puppy to protect?" One of the girls teased her.

"Hm… " Ella muttered as she examined the uniform they had on closely.

"Okay, yours will do," Ella said before approaching the girl that had just spoken but the leader of the clique stepped right in front of her.

"Are you stupid or som-!" A roundhouse kick to the side of the head sent the bigger girl flying.

" I wasn't talking to you," Ella said and the other two girls immediately surrendered because if she could do this to their leader, there was no telling what she would do to them.

She got the girl out of her uniform in the hallway for all to see and measured it up against Jane.

Jane couldn't see what had happened due to her blurry vision but she had an idea.

"Remember, if anyone asks, she fell… T for thanks," Ella said to the girls despite witnesses being present, she knew that everyone was tired of these girls and if anything, she was doing them all a favour.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 67 - 67: The Past 2/2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This was the beginning of Ella and Jane's friendship. They became inseparable after that day, and no one dared mess with Jane as long as Ella was around.

She couldn't be expelled from the school because her parents were big contributors to its development.

Ella didn't come from a middle-class home.

On the contrary, her family was quite wealthy, and they sent her to an all-girls school to straighten her behaviour because her parents considered rock music devil music.

Meanwhile, Cleopatra was the treasure in their parents' eyes because she wasn't shipped off to some faraway reform school.

She attended the most prestigious schools around the world to not only give her exposure but also train her on basic etiquette to represent the family properly.

Ella was the black sheep but she didn't care about this, she knew that she wouldn't be able to find her path as long as she remained under her parents' thumb.

But the final straw was her expulsion from the school, there were only so many times they could turn the other cheek and around that time, Ella was disowned by her parents.

However, they didn't leave her stranded, she might be a rebel but they still loved her in their own twisted way and gave her a fixed amount of money for her to get by.

This was how she got into college and luckily for her, she was in the same college and room as Jane.

But this was where her spiral began, Ella found it difficult to find her way in college.

College granted her a certain level of freedom she had never experienced in her life, there were essentially no rules and she could live as she deemed fit.

Ella, who had been sheltered all her life until now, went loose.

"College was the place to experience" or so they said, and that was how her relationship with drugs began.

It started with weed but it slowly evolved into harder drugs, Jane didn't know what to do.

She was still a timid lady that was scared of Ella so she watched Ella spiral out of control.

This continued throughout her sophomore year but it got bad to the point she had to be admitted into a hospital temporarily but that didn't do anything.

She went right back to her habits with her grades plummeting into the ground.

It was until her second year that the unexpected happened, on a fateful night.

*Fuck! That shit was good!" Ella muttered. She didn't know where she was or who was with her.

She just loved the high she was experiencing but this also meant she blew through most of the money her parents had given her to set up the foundation she would use to build her life around.

She stumbled into a lonely place but she had no idea how she got there, a couple of men were trailing her.

A drugged-up girl? She was an easy target and each step she took into this secluded area endangered her life.

Ella didn't have any idea that she was being followed but it was too late by the time she knew she was in the wrong place.

"Hey, sexy!" One of the men said, grabbing her by the arm while the other two chuckled.

Even if she screamed, it didn't matter because no one would hear her.

"How about we have a little fun?" The man said but the moment Ella showed any signs of resisting, she was smacked right in the face, forcing her onto the ground.

"Hold her down, I'm going first," One of the men said, and the two quickly pinned her to the ground.

Ella was too weak to fight back and what she wore made it easy for them to have their way, it was a skirt.

Ella was aware of what was about to happen, feeling the filthy hands creeping up her legs to remove her panties but suddenly, a loud smack was heard then what followed was an agonizing scream.

Ella refocused her eyes and noticed a slender figure.

For a brief moment, she saw Jane.

Jane used a rock to smack him over the head but the others pounced her in no time.

They focused their rage on her, completely ignoring Ella. They replaced their lust as the man beat Jane until she was a bloodied mess but by the time they wanted to violate their bodies.

A voice called out in the distance.

"HEY! STOP RIGHT THERE!!" The man screamed at the top of his lungs and the men ran away, the man that Jane had hit over the head with the rock was bleeding profusely from his head.

This allowed the police to extract his DNA from the bloodied rock and arrest him. Naturally, they got his lackeys as well.

Jane and Ella were admitted to the hospital and this was their first meeting with the doctor.

Jane was timid and never spoke to Ella but she stood up for Ella for the first time, this was the first time that Ella had had anyone stand up for her.

Ella realized that her decision didn't just affect her but Jane as well giving her a new sense of responsibility.

That was the last time that Ella did any form of drugs until now.

-

Kyle was astonished by this story, he expected some teenage angst but this was a bond he couldn't have foreseen.

And Jane standing up for Ella? This Jane?

That told him how important Ella was to her and Kyle couldn't contain his smile.

"God, that was intense," Kyle muttered, he didn't know why it pulled at his heartstrings the way it did. Kyle couldn't help but feel a sort of familiarity with the story he had been told.

"A-Are you crying?" Jane questioned but Kyle was confused about what she meant but she was right.

A teardrop had escaped his right eye despite it not being teary prior.

Kyle wiped it up but he also didn't make a big deal out of it.

"I guess your story moved me more than I thought," Kyle said with a smile and this gave Jane a feeling of comfort, it was like he had momentarily connected with her emotional wavelength and felt exactly what she did.

"Do you have anyone important to you, Kyle?" Jane asked but Kyle couldn't give a direct answer.

"I don't know…"

.

.

.

[See A/N Below]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 68 - 68: I WIll Fucking Kill You.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle found it strange, but this conversation didn't go as planned—not by a long shot—but he couldn't complain.

He didn't understand how something so insignificant affected him. There was no reason for this to have such an effect on him, but Kyle was beginning to realize that he might have to revisit his past.

"There we go, all done," Kyle said, diverting attention from the current conversation.

The waiter came over for the bills to be paid but Jane took the check before Kyle could get it.

"What are you doing?" Kyle asked with a polite smile on his face but Jane was confused as to why he was asking such a question when it was clear.

"I'm paying for our meal," Jane said with a nervous chuckle and Kyle simply smiled.

He wasn't about to make her feel bad for something most women didn't do, if anything this was another reason as to why she was special.

"I took you for a treat and I'm the one being treated…" Kyle said but Jane flushed red. She took this as a compliment because she didn't know it would be such a big deal.

She got something for Ella and they were on their way, Kyle held her much smaller hands in his and they got a few stares from people around them.

Jane wanted the ground to swallow up and take her in but she loved the feeling of being seen with Kyle. It was like he was showing the whole world that she belonged to him but Kyle noticed something was off.

"Hmmm…" He thought to himself but he wasn't going to tell her about it and instead, allowed her to go into the hospital but he didn't go in.

Kyle noticed that someone was following them and knew it was up to him to nip it in the bud.

With a swift turn, he caught Mike staring right at him.

Mike tried to avert his gaze but to no avail, Kyle already spotted him.

Kyle kissed his teeth in irritation and walked towards him, Mike pretended like he was surprised to see him.

However, Kyle knew he couldn't get physical, he didn't have the physique nor experience to fight the more muscular man, he just knew that Mike had a few tricks under his belt but he also knew that Mike wouldn't want to cause a scene either.

He knew it was time to set some firm boundaries because this was something that couldn't be allowed to go unchecked.

"Call me crazy but I think you're following me," Kyle got right to the point.

"That is crazy talk man, I just happen to be in the area. You don't own the hospital, you know?" Mike fired back. Slowly taking a cigarette out of his pocket as well as a lighter.

"You're right, I don't but I do own Jane and it seems you have eyes on her," Kyle's voice was stern, the playful tone he had earlier had all but vanished.

"Are you trying to insinuate something?" Mike responded; the atmosphere was becoming increasingly hostile.

"Oh? You misunderstand me, I know you have eyes on my woman but I know you can't get her. But hey, you can keep trying, a woman needs an orbiter or two to do the heavy lifting. What I want to know is why you're following me," Kyle responded smugly.

Mike gritted his teeth in anger, Kyle was far too arrogant for his liking and he was getting under his skin.

"You talk a lot, you know that right? You better have evidence before you accuse someone of following you," Mike denied it once again.

"Hahaha! Don't mind me but there is something I want you to know…" Kyle said while leaning in.

"If you keep this up, I will put a fucking bullet between your eyes," Kyle threatened him and he knew the art of bluffing as he often joked around with Jones but the tone he used here was dead serious, anyone would have believed him.

Mike was startled, stumbling a couple of meters back to get some distance away from Kyle.

He didn't know if Kyle was joking but judging from the look in his eyes, something told him he wasn't.

"I'm just kidding, I'm just kidding," Kyle quickly downplayed it but Mike wasn't sure it was a bluff.

"Y-You are a crazy man," Mike stuttered before regaining his composure.

"Now that's not very nice," Kyle responded with an over-the-top facial expression but he hoped that this would be enough to dissuade Mike from doing whatever it was he was doing.

He wanted to see how Ella's sister looked, there was something chaotic about that family that struck a resonance but if it was what Jane said, then it was only a matter of time before Ella relapsed.

Jane was no longer a strong enough anchor to keep her sober otherwise she would have never done what she did.

Kyle knew he couldn't let her know about this as he knew it would break her but this was why he was going to help Ella establish a new anchor.

The anchor wasn't going to be him, it was going to be her career, the career he was going to help her build with his influence.

Kyle knew he could make it happen, if he could get Calista on television then Ella would be a piece of cake but he had to hear her sing before he could conclude.

She had to be half-decent but something told him he wouldn't have to worry about her talent.

Kyle's life was taking place with a little bit of drama, he knew he had to be careful around other women including Cassandra.

However, there was one thing he knew for certain, he had to get the physique of a Greek god, just like Collins.

That man intimidated him and that was what was missing from Kyle's arsenal but the problem now was, where would he gym?

That would be later, right now he needed to be there for Jane.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 69 - 69: Let's Talk About The Future.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle returned but by the time he did, Cleopatra was nowhere to be seen, she had left but maybe that was for the best.

But he didn't need to stay there long, Kyle needed to make inquiries for Ella about a potential musical career but he had gotten a demo from her that she had on her phone.

That was smart considering she didn't know who she would meet and wear, but he wanted to listen to it with Isabella so they could both make an accurate assessment.

A neutral party to give her opinion as to why the music either appeals to her or not.

Kyle knew he had the option to call her but he wanted to see how they were when he came unannounced.

Kyle arrived at the agency soon enough but he was surprised by what he saw, multiple people were in line because news of Calista's affiliation with the agency must have sparked interest from other upcoming talents.

Kyle chuckled to himself because he knew he was about to make a lot of money but the money made wouldn't enter his bank account but rather reinvested in the expansion of the talent agency.

Kyle made his way to Isabella's office, getting a few confused glances from the ladies around, Kyle noticed that there weren't any men.

This wasn't a lady-only agency either so he found it quite strange, was isabella only entertaining female clients?

That would limit their pool, Kyle needed to cast the net as far as he could if his vision was to come to life.

However, he understood at that moment that he had to be patient, it had been less than a week since he got his system and he already accomplished so much.

Kyle could be content with the development but he needed to stay under the radar in the meantime. Mike was an example of how bad things could potentially get if he attracted unwanted attention.

Imagine instead of Mike, he had government officials stalking him or worse, assassins.

He couldn't step on the wrong toes, money doesn't guarantee him a long life, but connection does.

And to have that connection, he needed the right relationships and he was already one foot into Distort. Kyle needed to sink his teeth into them and find out how the industry worked.

Thanks to his skills, this shouldn't be too much of a hassle because he had the power to comprehend the inner workings of anything with a single glance.

Kyle needed to set up a meeting for future partnership, he had the means to sponsor future production and this would help bring his agency into the limelight.

A legitimate means to enter that world, Kyle didn't know if now was the time to draw his lottery but he resisted the urge.

"Oh my! Mr Kyle, I wasn't expecting you," Isabella greeted him, she looked tired from all the work she had been doing and the AC blowing barely cooled the room.

Kyle noticed this, she was sweating and unbuttoned her shirt a couple of steps down for air to touch her skin.

She had yet to make the hires to fill in the slots as she was trying to save costs and record a profit as soon as possible but that was beginning to look impossible.

"Isabella, I would have said you looked well but I would be lying," Kyle teased. Isabella chuckled at this response because she didn't expect it from Kyle.

"I was right to trust you, you have done exceptionally well but I want you to hire everyone you need. Do not hold back whatsoever because we're going to be number one soon enough," Kyle was certain in his voice.

Isabella felt like the gods had blessed her with Kyle, they just dropped him right into her lap and he had the means to further her vision.

Isabella planned to buy back the Agency from Kyle in the future but at this rate, she wouldn't be able to afford it because the stock kept rising.

It had already risen 5% of its initial value in a few days, that was impressive and this was just the beginning.

"Everyone? Are you sure about that? I don't mind taking more responsibility if it would help out," Isabella meant every word that came out of her mouth but Kyle was certain that she couldn't keep this up in the long run without crumbling.

"That is fine. Anything you want but that isn't why I am here," Kyle responded, pausing as he watched a sweat bead trickle down her cleavage.

"I want to know if we deal in music, do we have a department for musical talents?" Kyle questioned. Isabella was confused for a second, this was a tad bit random but it was a good question regardless.

"We had one but we had to shut it down because it wasn't doing so great and we were barely staying up," Isabella responded.

"I see, I want you to open it up. We won't just with the movie but the music industry as well," Kyle responded but Isabella was worried that they might be moving too fast.

She could give her opinion but this was worth the try, she was going to give it a month's trial to see how it did before pulling the plug.

"Is that all, sir? Is there anything else?" Isabella questioned, she was smart enough to not question his authority because she knew that he was the man in charge.

The last thing she would want was to get on his bad side so she had to play to his tune.

Kyle brought out his phone after a few minutes, placed it on the transparent table that separated them and a song began to play.

This was Kyle's first time listening to it and he hoped for Ella's sake that this was good.

"Listen to it, I need your opinion," Kyle instructed and she gave him her full attention.

"Alright sir," Isabella responded and Kyle had only one thought on his mind.

"Ella, do not disappoint me,"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 70 - 70: Bad Timing.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"~Dawn of the wolf, the resurrection of the serpent but the devil sees through it all.

All Father, Almighty, Thor, Son of Odin. The gods have descended.

They have fallen into the world of man but now, we shall kill them!

The gods are lost, the gods need saving! But we are not saviors!

I bring down the axe, I bring down the hammer, the seal of the undead is broken!

We are the damned, the broken and abandoned!~"

Kyle couldn't believe his ears. This was beautiful. The beat and bass of Ella's voice gave him goosebumps because it all blended in so effortlessly.

He didn't know her voice could reach such tunes but it was hypnotic and drew him in.

This was heavy metal and female leads paled compared to males but this was beautiful.

Kyle looked over at Isabella and could tell by a glance that this wasn't her kind of music.

She winced at every scream but had to endure it despite not being a fan of the music but this was exactly what Kyle knew she would be the perfect person to help assess it.

He needed the opinion of someone who didn't listen to this kind of music.

But the fact there were points in the song where she would sing like a pop star further highlighted that she could thrive in the music industry even if it wasn't rock music.

"What do you think?" Kyle asked, putting a stop to the music as they listened to enough to give an assessment.

Isabella quickly cleared her throat, composing herself but Kyle knew she might try to feed him bullshit but this was a good way to see if she was one to kiss ass and tell him what he wanted to hear as opposed to the truth.

"I don't fancy this sort of music, to be honest, but I have to say, I could feel the pain behind her voice. I can't describe it but I have goosebumps. She has also shown a wide range of vocals, she went from screaming like she was in pain to singing like an angel in the blink of an eye with no visible strain on her throat…" Isabella's assessment was spot on.

" That was impressive!" Kyle couldn't contain his surprise but understood that this was good news for Ella.

"You have excellent ears! I'm glad that you're here but I need you to handle this talent for me. Any openings, any gig, run it through me first," Kyle told her and Isabella had no problems listening to her boss.

"Is there anything else?" Isabella questioned.

"What's with the line outside and why are there only women?" Kyle questioned, he was curious.

" The majority of our clients are women, we appeal to women more and that is our target audience even though we don't deny male clients an opportunity," Isabelle confessed.

This was a good enough reason for Kyle, he didn't need to push further.

A knock at the door alerted both of them that someone was there, it had to be Carly but Kyle knew that Isabella would have had a no-disturbance policy when he was in her office.

"What is it, Carly?" Isabella barked, trying her best to maintain her elegance in front of Kyle.

"Missus Wave is here…" Carly informed her and Kyle's face immediately stiffened.

" Calista!?" Kyle thought to himself.

-

Jane was with Ella, she was getting discharged today but the doctor had to make sure that Ella wouldn't relapse and this was why he suggested that she attend an AA venue so she could talk to other addicts about her struggles.

This was her choice, he wasn't going to impose it on her or force her to.

"Are you okay?" Jane asked.

"I'm great. I just need to sleep for like a week," Ella responded with a loud sigh.

"Me too… But that's not what I meant, I mean…" Jane paused, hesitant to complete her train of thought.

"I'm fine, Jane. I really am," Ella responded, trying her best to convince Jane but Jane was never one to push these things.

She was a firm believer that if someone wished to tell another about something, they would and if they didn't, there was nothing that could be said that would make them change their mind.

And this was why she chose presence, that was just as important.

"Jane…" Ella called out her name like she was about to reveal some deep family secret.

"Yes?" Jane responded, leaning in to hear what she had to say.

"He is one of the good ones, don't let him go," Ella said and this was the first guy that Jane had shown interest in or had shown interest in that Ella approved.

She didn't know the kind of conversation she had with her older sister but there was something strange about her behavior.

It was her eyes, they looked dull like she had her lifeforce drained from her.

"I know, I won't mess it up. I promise you," Jane responded. She found herself wanting to ask why Cleopatra was here.

She hadn't seen her for a few years because Cleopatra was one of the most intimidating women she had seen.

There was something about her aura, it commanded not only respect but all eyes were always on her thanks to her unique style.

Ella tried to be like her sister, this was why her goth-like appearance wasn't as extreme as Cleopatra. One could mistake Cleopatra for a ghost with how pale her skin was.

"Ella, what did she say to you?" Jane could no longer contain her curiosity but Ella didn't say another word, she kept her mouth shut.

But Ella felt a hand grab hers tightly, she told Jane she was alright but Jane could see through her lies.

She saw through the fake bravado and this made Ella break down in tears, Jane reeled her in for a hug and that was when she finally told her.

"My p-parents… They are dead,"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 71 - 71: No Idea.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was trapped in the building with Calista, he didn't know if he was to confront her or find somewhere to stay out of sight.

But that would be suspicious, he couldn't act suspiciously so Kyle simply shook his head at Isabella. That was enough to tell her that Calista couldn't join them.

"I'm currently in a meeting, tell her I will be with her shortly," Isabella responded.

"I apologize that for Mister Kyle, I wasn't informed of her coming here," Isabella apologized.

She noticed that he was uncomfortable but she didn't think too much about it.

"I think I should be taking my leave," Kyle responded but Isabella wasn't done with the conversation.

"Sir, before you go. I have to inform you that the CEO of Distort company wishes to meet you," Isabella informed Kyle.

"Meet me?" Kyle was surprised but this worked perfectly to his advantage because he knew how important this meeting would be.

"That is correct, they want to establish a closer relationship with our agency so the talents under us get a first pick in terms of audition," Isabella informed him.

"That is wonderful news," Kyle couldn't hide his excitement, everything was looking up for him but this was scary because when a series of good things happen.

There was one grand bad thing waiting to undo everything.

"Is there a time for this meeting?" Kyle questioned. It wasn't up to him to set the terms of this meeting because this CEO outranked him in terms of social standing.

It was Kyle who was fortunate in this meet and he wasn't going to blow it.

"9 PM today," Isabella responded but the time given was strange. Why would a meeting be set up at night with no regard to what he might have going on?

But beggars couldn't be choosers and Kyle didn't know when the next opportunity would present itself so he was going to grab it with both hands.

"Hm, that works for me," Kyle responded, he needed a P. A to handle these things because Isabella was swamped as it was.

And he had just the perfect hire but he could recall everything so what was the point of an assistant?

That was easy, time management. He was one man and needed help to handle certain things.

-

"I'm sorry but Miss Isabella will see you shortly. Please, make an appointment next time to avoid delays," Carly informed Calista, what she did could be considered unprofessional but in truth, it had slipped her mind.

Calista knew that shooting for the The White Whale movie would soon commerce and she needed to get everything in order before then.

It was no or never, Calista needed to talk about a few things with Isabella but she hadn't seen Kyle's car.

The influx of cars around made it hard for her to single out his car especially when she wasn't looking for it.

Calita calmed her breathing, she knew this was the opportunity of a lifetime.

"Cali?" A voice called out, Calista turned around because she recognized this voice.

"It can't be…!" Calista thought, her eyes darting around the room to find the person who had called her name until they settled on a scrawny-looking lady.

She was 4' 9 and her features were anything but appealing with her eyes looking lifeless.

It was easy to tell that this particular lady lived quite a difficult life and it was evident from her advanced face.

She was just nineteen yet looked like she was in her late forties.

"Laura?" Her name escaped Calista's lips. She couldn't believe that she was there.

Laura was a lady that had worked with her in one of her lesser movies and even in that movie, she was a background character.

She didn't know much about Laura but she looked even more horrendous than she remembered.

"I can't believe you're here!" Laura barked and rushed to Calista to hug her but she backed away.

Laura wasn't looking good but that wasn't why Calista backed away, the stench coming from her body was doused in perfume but the repugnant stench from her body was mixed in.

It was faint but it was there, a clear sign of poor hygiene and she didn't need that stench rubbed into her clothes.

"Laura, you're here to apply to?" Calista asked. If she didn't have the means to take care of her basic hygiene. There was no way she would have the money to pay for the fees needed to even apply.

"N-Not exactly," Laura responded but Calista saw her teeth, they looked like they were rotting.

"What the hell?" Calista thought, this was a sad sight and she realized at that moment that she must have fallen victim to the dark side of this life they all chased.

In no time, two bulky men approached her and asked her to leave.

Laura served as a grim reminder of what she would become if she wasn't successful in this endeavour.

-

Nate was in his apartment, playing video games to pass the time, he lost a job but he had an interview for a new one the next day.

He had a decent place and enjoyed the game, cursing and swearing over the mic.

One would think he was on a battlefield fighting for his life because this was not the personality he had shown to people.

But games brought out the worst in him or would it be more accurate to say he was a passionate man?

He was taken out of his immersion by his ringing phone, he didn't want to pick at first but a glance at the name snapped him back to reality.

"Shit!" Nate shouted, he was playing online so there was no way for him to pause the game, not that he cared at that moment.

He knew that Kyle wasn't a man to call him casually so this had to be business related.

"Hello? Kyle? Are you alright?" Nate asked but his face soon creased into a broad smile.

He couldn't believe what he heard, he had no idea what Kyle did for a living at this point but it was clear that he was loaded.

And if he offered him a position at his PA, there was no doubt that he would be paid well.

The conversation lasted a little over a minute but Nate got all the information he needed to know in that period of time.

He was going to be paid $1,000 daily, which roughly accumulated to $30,000 monthly.

Nate accepted it in a heartbeat and the moment the call ended, he let out a scream in celebration.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 72 - 72: Makeover.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle made preparations  for his meeting that night, he returned home without Calista seeing him, there was another exit in which he used to leave the building.

Isabella knew it must be for the best because he was the owner and didn't know who knew this information so this was more for his safety than anything else.

It was time to get him a proper suit. Kyle went to one of the more elegant stores because he had to look expensive to command the respect he intended.

It took over an hour to get this sorted but Kyle ended up buying more than five suits for the future.

He didn't want to come to the shop each time he needed something so bought it in bulk along with some other corporate clothing that he might need.

He had no sense of fashion nor did he know which would be appropriate to wear in these kinds of meetings.

Kyle got into his car and headed home but he hoped not to run into Aiysha. He was beginning to dread their interactions because he didn't know how long it would be before that line was crossed.

That was one thing he couldn't do to Jones, it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that Jones had saved his life but then again, wouldn't he be doing him a favor if his wife does turn out to be unfaithful?

Because if she was then it would be safe that she did these sorts of things with her clients or maybe this was his porn brain influencing him.

Kyle arrived there but he saw Jones' car parked in the driveway, he didn't know why but he felt a sense of relief wash over him.

"Wait, Jones should have an idea," Kyle thought to himself but he wasn't going to knock at his door because he didn't know if Aiysha was home or not.

The best course of action would be to do so over a phone call, he had his number after all.

Kyle went back home and took a quick shower, he hoped the water wouldn't stop midway.

Fortunately for him, it didn't and this would be a good chance to finalize the quota for the building.

He gave Jones the go ahead to get the proceedings done in terms of involving a lawyer to draw up a contract.

"Goddamn! I actually do look good," Kyle muttered to himself, the eyebags were disappearing and he was no longer looking like a haggard old man.

No one would be able to guess what his life was like just a few days ago because he looked like a different man.

Kyle was happy with the way his life was turning out but there was one missing component, his body wasn't to his desired effect.

He wanted a little muscle, enough so he would have the physical power to not only defend himself but Jane.

It would be embarrassing if he confronted Mike and Mike ended up beating the shit out of him, that was a scenario that he knew must not come to pass.

Finally, he called Mr. Jones and it didn't even ring twice before Jones picked up his phone.

[[Jones here,]] Jones began the conversation.

"Kyle here, are you home? I could use your help," Kyle requested, getting right to the point.

[[I'm home… Is this a sex thing?]] Jones asked after a brief pause.

"What the hell? If this was a sex thing, I would have the decency to take you out first," Kyle fired back but the fact that he indulged Jones to this extent was proof of their growing relationship.

[[I'm allergic to garlic.]] Jones responded with an awkward silence following shortly after.

"I AM NOT TAKING YOU OUT!" Kyle screamed.

[[Excuse me for thinking I'm worth some dinner.]] Jones wasn't backing down but Kyle knew he had to take a deep breath or Jones would win.

"Fine, I will get you some dinner," Kyle conceded.

[[Ah! I knew this was a sex thing!]] Jones barked and at the moment, Kyle was wondering why he didn't just go to his house and drag his ass out.

"JUST GET HERE!" Kyle shouted. Once upon a time, he couldn't even think of talking to Jones like this but this new form of communication wasn't because of his sudden increase in status but rather, their relationship evolving to this level.

Kyle didn't have to wait for long because a second after, there was a knock on his door.

He heaved a sigh of relief as he walked towards the door with a towel tied firmly around his waist.

Kyle paused for a second, he knew if he opened the door wearing this then Jones was definitely going to talk about the sex thing.

He grumbled before breaking away into his room to grab a trouser.

He finally returned to open the door and Jones was waiting, Kyle wanted to ask why he wasn't at work but her knew that this conversation could be had at a later time.

He had a few more hours until his meeting and that took priority right now.

"Is there something wrong?" Jones demeanour changed immediately when they were face-to-face.

No one would guess the conversation they just had moments ago.

"Yes, I need your help to pick out a suit. I have a very important meeting and I didn't know who else to call…" Kyle got right to it.

Jones could tell this was important by the way he spoke but also felt flattered that he was Kyle's go to person. It meant that Kyle trusted his judgement for something this important.

Without saying another word, Kyle brought the clothes he had bought and returned to show Jones.

Jones couldn't help but admire what he had done with the place and this could potentially be how every room in this building looked.

But he wasn't going to let his mind wander, they had to handle what was at hand right now.

"I need your help, which do you think will be appropriate for a meeting?" Kyle asked, rubbing his lower chin.

"I need to know what setting the meeting would be held in." Jones responded, he was taking this seriously and Kyle was relieved with this reaction.

He kenw he could let Jones in on his business, he trusted him funny enough.

"It is a potential partnership with a very big entertainment company but it is being held at night which is a bit weird," Kyle responded, taking a seat across him after laying the suits across the table between them.

"A meeting at night with a big entertainment company? You don't need to dress too serious but you also can't dress too casual. You need to show your sense of fashion, it would help in how you're perceived but if you wear a suit at night? I personally would think you were a person that played by the books.

If it is a big corporation, you can't give them such a narrow-minded perception so suits are a no go… But a blazer in place of a suit would do you good. I also noticed you have no accessories, I never see you with any jewelries, you should probably get some, " Jones have an in-depth analysis of what he saw.

Kyle was surprised that he could see things in this light because these were thoughts he didn't even know were possible.

Kyle realized that Jones was spot on.

There was no way a big entertainment got there by playing by the rules so if he came dressed like a lawyer, they might take it as a sign of his ability to be inflexible but wearing a blazer would make it harder to get a read on him but he had no jewelries.

That was the only problem, Kyle never bothered with these things but if Jones thought it would help then he saw no harm in doing it.

"I don't have any jewelries and I don't even know what would be appropriate to wear," Kyle confessed.

" You don't need to worry about that but first, how do you feel about piercing your ears?" Jones asked and Kyle raised a brow at this suggestion.

"Huh?" Kyle was confused.

Jones was taking an interest in this a lot more than he thought he would. It was like he wanted to use Kyle as some a guinea pig for an unrealized dream.

Kyle already came this far and saw no reason why he needed to back out now.

-

A few hours later, Kyle looked like a completely different man and he was stunned that Jones had such a skillset under his belt because he looked like your everyday dad yet he managed to make Kyle into a godlike specimen.

But Kyle had also gotten a piercing in his respective ears with a green dye on one side of his face but only on the tip.

But the moment of truth was in a few hours, Kyle crossed his fingers and hoped that this would be enough.

.

.

.

A/N: A little rough, I will proofread once I get better. I have a bit of a fever. Just wanted to get the chapter out.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 73 - 73: The Owner Of Distort?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was ready for his meeting. He couldn't believe what Jones had done, but he was grateful because he couldn't have done this himself.

Kyle was aware of the effects this might have, whether this look worked or not but before Jones left, he told him something.

"The people you're going to meet aren't attempting to host a meeting but size you out, entertainment industry also means your fashion sense matters. Do not be intimidated and also don't be serious,"

This made perfect sense and Kyle knew that this philosophy was sound but it was time.

He had approximately $206,000,000 in his account, it was depleting at a rapid rate but he wasn't spending on frivolous things.

Everything he spent on was an investment, it wasn't just being spent on useless things.

Kyle hopped into his car, Jones had also helped with a perfume that he thought could help.

This was the moment of truth, night had fallen and Kyle tore through the streets of Los Angeles.

Kyle was feeling nervous, he knew that these people had a way of seeing if someone belonged to their social class or not.

It took a couple of minutes for him to arrive at his destination. He left his home 30 minutes early in case there was traffic but luckily, the road was clear.

He parked the car outside the location but he was surprised by what he saw, the name of the location had thrown him off so he assumed this was a normal hotel but to his utmost surprise, it was a nightclub.

The relief on Kyle's face was evident because he knew that Jones had saved his life.

Imagine wearing a suit to a nightclub.

The time for meeting now made sense as well and Kyle got a lot of stares because Kyle looked like someone that belonged on the big screen and they weren't sure if he was a celebrity or not.

Kyle was feeling like a god but he noticed that there was a bouncer at the door checking names.

He didn't know if he should just walk past him or stand in line like everyone else.

He didn't have much of a social status after all but the person he was meeting was supposedly important hence his dilemma.

"Mister Kyle?" A voice called out behind him, startling him.

Kyle jerked his head back to see a lady standing there but if she knew his name, then it had to be her.

No, she wasn't dressed like someone who held that sort of power nor did her presence command much authority.

"Hello there, do you sneak up on everyone?" Kyle responded but the woman didn't show much of a reaction to his joke except for a polite smile.

"Mr. Nakamura will see you," The lady responded, she had on high heels but even with that, she was standing at 5 '1. She was small but Kyle could tell she was originally from America because of her little accent.

"Isn't it customary to introduce yourself?" Kyle requested but all she did was gesture for him to follow her.

She wasn't polite but she told Kyle that she didn't think much of him and this was a direct reflection of how Nakamura also felt.

She was a reflection of him but Kyle knew this would have to change, he checked the owner of Distort online but there was no Nakamura so he didn't know just how important he was.

Kyle knew he might have to kiss ass but there was no way he was doing so with someone as insignificant as an assistant.

"You know what? I think I have changed my mind," Kyle said, staying in place.

He had to make a strong first impression and he knew that this might be a test to measure him.

Jones did hint at something like this happening and realized that he might have to call their bluff.

She had a choice, to keep working or return but the moment she stopped, Kyle had his answer.

The lady returned to where he was but her forced smile was nowhere to be seen.

"Mr. Nakamura is a very busy man. Can you please follow me, Mister Kyle?" The Asian lady said but Kyle was unimpressed by her behavior.

"So am I, if you're done wasting my time. I will be on my way, I think I will take my business somewhere else," Kyle responded sternly.

"Huh? You are not a representative?" The lady was surprised by his statement. The truth was, no one knew who Kyle was.

They all assumed he was just a face, companies did that a lot to protect the identity of the one who really runs the place, just like Nakamura.

On the internet, the company didn't belong to him but that wasn't the case in reality.

"I am the owner. You called me here for a meeting and treated me with this much disrespect?" Kyle was disgusted by this.

The lady's body language changed the moment this information was relayed to her and she bowed to apologize for this transgression.

Kyle understood where the disrespect stemmed from but he found it strange that this was their character at the core.

"The rich looking down on the poor, how typical," Kyle thought to himself but this was how the world worked.

"My name is Yuki and I'm Mr. Nakamura's personal assistant. I was told to wait for you and usher you inside. My character is not a reflection of Mr. Nakamura. I'm sorry, I didn't know who you were," Yuki responded with her head still bowed.

Yuki was petite but this also included her features, Kyle didn't find her attractive even though she was cute.

"It is fine, just take me to him, Yuki," Kyle responded. Kyle was eager to make a good first impression but in the end, it was Yuki that made a bad one.

If this was how they treated someone supposedly inferior to them, he had no qualms about using them to get to where he wanted to go.

"H-He is so young…" Yuki was surprised by his age, this was the only reason she thought he was a representative. If he was older, there was no way she would have made this mistake.

He walked behind her and right past the bouncer, once again noticing the intimidating aura that his body exuded.

Kyle needed that sort of energy and this was why he planned to enroll into a gym as soon as the sun rose but that was his future him problem.

The present version of him had to nail this and the moment he stepped into the building, the smell hit him hard.

He expected a terrible smell to invade his nostrils but that wasn't the case, one would think he walked into an elegant parlay.

Kyle noticed that there was no music here either, no sound whatsoever.

Everyone on the dancefloor had headphones on, they were dancing to no music.

"What the…!" Kyle thought to himself, he heard about this as it helped with noise pollution but this took the old-school experience away from the scene.

Everything had become so modernized but there was no need to change a working system.

However, it gave Kyle an idea but he noticed a Japanese man sitting in one of the V.I.P.

"Here you go sir," Someone said behind him, Kyle jerked his head but saw a short man handing him a pair of headphones.

Kyle declined, he had no interest in partying or partaking in the activity either.

He followed Yuki and before he knew it, he was in front of the Japanese man.

Kyle could instantly tell that this was a powerful man and knew he had to watch his tone.

The fact that no one else was in the V.I.P. section was because he had bought out the entire section which easily entered the hundreds of thousands.

Unlike Kyle who had a rebate system, this man's wealth was obtained from sweat and blood.

The fact that he was a foreigner further added to his accomplishment.

"Welcome Mister Kyle, shall we get to business?" The older man in his mid-fifties said.

He had white hair and his wrinkled face was a reminder that no one could escape the aging of time but who knows, maybe there was a system out there for immortality?

"Mister Nakamura, I hope I didn't keep you waiting for too long," Kyle said, sitting right across from him.

He wasn't going to treat him as a superior because he understood that he could change that by spending $100,000,000 on any girl in his harem.

"You did not but I must say, I was surprised when I heard a bankrupt agency was willing to cover a part of our movie to feature one of their actresses. I just had to meet the person responsible for such a bold move but it looks like I was sent…!" Nakamura was interrupted by his assistant before he could complete that sentence, whispering something into his ears.

"WHAT?!" Nakamura shouted before giving Kyle a second look and Kyle already knew what she told him.

"Hi, I'm Kyle and I'm the sole owner of JPD Agency,"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 74 - 74: You Have A Deal!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I can't imagine a man as busy as you here for casual talk," Kyle said. He needed to start this conversation, but he wondered if it was because of how he dressed that they thought he was a representative.

The truth was, it was his age and that alone.

Nakamura didn't understand why someone would spend such an amount simply for someone to be featured in the movie but that wasn't a problem.

He was willing to turn the other cheek because this wasn't a big movie; this company was known for its grotesque genre, which included horror.

They were trying to break into a new market and expand their fanbase so this was an experimental project that excited Nakamura.

Calista was a pretty girl and had no problems acting the more morally depraved scenes even though there were only a few in this movie and none were assigned to the main lead.

"You're right, Mister Ky-..." Nakamura was interrupted by Kyle.

" Please, call me Kyle. We're friends here, are we not?" Kyle responded with a bright smile.

" Yes, yes we are. I want to enter a partnership for future movie production but you won't be the only one to get first pick. We get the first pick for any exceptionally talented actress or actor in your Agency…" Nakamura said.

Kyle was surprised by this proposition but it made more sense, it balanced the equation even though Kyle saw how this might be disadvantageous to his Agency. If they had the first pick of their roaster.

It meant that they not only eliminated future competition but they had the potential to monopolize certain talents in a sub-contract deal.

This way, they would bypass the normal route it takes to acquire talent and possibly cut down on finances.

It was a smart proposal from Nakamura from a business point of view.

"That is possible but I'm afraid that these terms are not favourable for my Agency so I will allow you to get into contact with my talents first but it would be up to you to convince them to join your project. They won't be forced to, it will be up to your marketing team," Kyle gave a counteroffer that gave his talents more freedom.

This way, Distort company would have to convince his talents as opposed to being forced to.

Nakamura thought about this for only a moment before stretching forth his hand.

"You have a deal," Nakamura said.

They both knew that this in itself, wasn't binding until papers were signed.

The percentage that the JPD Agency would give them was fixed at 15%, nothing more, nothing less.

It was also a market that they were just getting into so this meant that Kyle would have the potential to be at the forefront of this department should it do well.

He would be Mr. Nakamura's go as he too would eliminate competition from other agencies.

The meeting was concluded in less than forty-five minutes, the dancing in the background was nothing short of comical for anyone who had no idea what was going on.

Kyle noticed that Nakamura wasn't dressed in a suit either, he wore something casual as well.

"My assistant will be in contact with you to finish up the legal aspect. Is that fine by you, Kyle?" Nakamura's question.

"I would have it no other way,* And thus came an end to the meeting.

-

Ella was discharged from the hospital and both ladies returned home from there.

Cleopatra came to the hospital to break the news of her parents passing, they had fallen out but there was no doubt that they loved her in their way.

Jane knew she had to be present, she hoped that would be enough even though Ella was putting on a brave face.

Jane knew that it was only a matter of time before she broke and this was why she couldn't leave her side otherwise she just might relapse.

That was the last thing that could happen because if she did, there was nothing that would be able to pull her out of the abyss.

This was something that Jane knew she couldn't let happen, night had come and she was thinking of taking a few days off work to look after Ella.

"Jane, come see this!" Ella exclaimed while laughing ecstatically on her phone, she couldn't believe what she had seen on her mobile device.

Jane reluctantly went over, the shouting got her attention but once she heard laughter, she knew that Ella was back to being Ella or at least pretending to be.

It was a video of a cat trying to get back into the house by bumping into the transparent door because it didn't know that there was a door in its path.

It kept bumping into it and Ella kept watching the video again and again, each time her laugh getting louder.

Jane just stood behind her, not knowing what to do with her but she had seen this too many times in movies.

A person suddenly showing signs of happiness like there was nothing wrong only to end it all when no one was looking.

Jane wasn't going to let that fate befall Ella, not as long as she lived.

-

Calista returned home after she met with Isabella, she was done with the legal aspect of her role. It was sealed in ink and there was going to be a severance fee should they try to replace her which was on the high side so it would make more sense to keep her rather than take this route.

She felt untouchable and everything was finally going right in her life, it all began when she met Kyle but why was that?

Things were too good to be true but she wasn't going to question it, she was going to ride the wave for as long as possible.

Until it threw her off, she was going to ingrain this experience into her mind.

This might have started on the wrong foot but Calista knew that what she felt for Kyle wasn't something casual.

She couldn't believe that she rejected a man such as Lucas Rossini. She and Kyle had no label so why did she feel like she would be betraying him?

He couldn't wrap her fingers around it but Kyle could, she had become the prey that sought to be hunted only by him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 75 - 75: One Week Later.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A week passed since that day and everything was looking better than ever.

Kyle carried through with his plan to get into a gym but he didn't dare do it in the place Aiysha worked. He also made sure his gym instructor was a man to avoid any complications.

The last thing he needed was for his system to add someone he didn't want to be added to his harem.

In that sense, Kyle did have control of who got into his harem but the recoil of his workouts left his body feeling sore.

He was in no hurry to use his lottery tickets because they didn't seem to have a time limit.

The papers had been signed with Distort company so that meant that Kyle now had one foot into the world he wished to venture into.

He kept in contact with Jane, Ella, and Calista but he didn't meet them during that week.

Absence made the heart grow fonder after all but Ella was one of his more interesting discoveries as a meeting was arranged with Isabella.

Although it was still in its early stages, Ella had renewed hope about a career because she had no idea that Kyle was the owner of such a big agency.

She knew he was rich but not that rich and this gave her a much-needed distraction from life.

Ella didn't attend her parents' funeral despite Jane tryna my her best to persuade.

Jane wanted her to go not for them but for herself, Ella needed closure.

She needed to say those final words to them before they were laid to rest or she might regret it for the rest of her life.

But the most significant thing that happened within that week was the foundation of his nightclub reaching completion.

The construction work had been concluded and Collins all but nailed this job.

Kyle was left speechless, he couldn't complain and it turned out that the man he gave a chance to put in far more effort than required to leave a position impression for future jobs.

James was a blessing in disguise and Kyle was glad that he took this gamble because it paid up.

He gave Collins $10,000 as a thank you, certain that he would share it among himself and workers.

Kyle established the place and in the meantime, he used the opportunity to get all the required permits and licenses through James.

The nightclub should be fully operational within the week because the drinks and everything else were already ordered.

But there was an added feature, the walls were soundproof, and not a single sound escaped the walls.

Instead of eliminating the atmosphere that came with clubbing, he opted to keep the experience within the building and that was the inspiration he got from the club he had visited to see Nakamura.

Kyle didn't see Aiysha within that week, it was like she was avoiding him.

He didn't want to think too much about this but it was something that he didn't mind because it worked out in his favour either way.

However, Jones had yet to present the quota to fix up the apartment, Kyle knew that Jones was a considerate man and there was no way he expected Kyle to foot the entire bill because he assumed it would be too much for him to handle all alone.

-

The sun rose on a beautiful weekend, Kyle couldn't believe his luck.

It has been less than a month since he got the system and his life had changed drastically.

His face had brightened and he looked healthy for the first time in a long time.

"What a wonderful day!" Kyle exclaimed, stretching on his bed like he was in the middle of having a seizure.

This feeling, he was about to have a great day but a knock at his door informed him about a guest.

There could only be three people at that door but Jones was the person he hoped was behind that door.

Kyle answered and he was relieved to see it was Jones at the door, he had no energy to entertain any ladies right now.

He opened the door without hesitation but there was something off about Jones, he didn't have his usual facial expression.

Kyle instantly knew this visit wasn't one of the pleasantries and immediately ushered him in.

Jones didn't say a word and Kyle somehow knew this had to do with their finances.

They have been cutting it short for quite some time so it would be no surprise that they had finally reached their limit.

This would bring tension to any family but this was just an assumption, nothing was backing this up.

Jones sat on the chair without saying a single word for a full minute but Kyle wasn't going to let this opportunity to tease him pass him by.

"It looks like your misfortune just might be my fortune," Kyle said with a smile but Jones exclaimed, clasping his mouth shut in the process.

"How dare you…!" Jones barked at Kyle, getting to his feet in haste before charging right at Kyle.

"W-Woah! Take it easy man!" Kyle tried to get some distance but tripped himself up, landing on his buttocks.

Jones reached for his neck and Kyle tried to defend himself but all that came after was an uncontrollable laughter from Jones.

"You nearly shit yourself!" Jones had tears rolling down his cheeks.

Kyle heaved a sigh of frustration, he couldn't believe that Jones found a way to reverse the situation but Kyle expected this much from him.

If it was finances then Jones would have been a lot quicker with the quota because that would be their ticket to financial freedom.

"You are way too old to be doing this. You have kids for crying out loud," Kyle said while getting to his feet.

"We never grow up," Jones responded as he returned to his chair.

"Yeah, tell that to police, R. Kelly," Kyle fired back but he understood what Jones meant.

"Ha! Nice one," Jones responded but he had yet to tell Kyle why he was there prompting him to just come out and ask.

"Why are you here?"

"I just need a break from Aiysha… You see, she is ovulating…" Jones revealed and an awkward silence followed.

"Yeah, maybe I shouldn't have told you that," Jones confessed.

"YOU THINK! GET OUT!" Kyle fired back to which Jones simply chuckled.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 76 - 76: What Do We Have Here?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle couldn't believe that Jones was running away from having sex with his wife but this could also mean that he couldn't keep up with her libido.

That was dangerous, Jones had to learn to because there was no telling what a sexually frustrated woman was capable of.

Jones had to learn how to satisfy her but maybe it wasn't that simple.

Kyle knew that women had a way of wearing men down but the fact that Jones had a job and probably wanted to get the rest that had evaded him till now.

"About the quota, I know you have been waiting for it, but I have drawn up the budget, and the numbers frighten even me. I'm trying my best to bring it down and remove things that aren't necessary," Jones said, bringing up the all-important topic that Kyle waited for.

"You do not believe I can pay for it?" Kyle questioned with a raised brow.

He expected Jones to play the fool but he nodded to confirm this was indeed the case.

"I don't. After all, $5,500,000 isn't easy to come by," Jones responded. This building had multiple apartments but only a few were in service as the other rooms were too faulty to live in.

There were approximately 22 rooms excluding Kyle and Jones' apartment which would take up to 24.

Kyle sighed before leaning back on his chair; locking eyes with Jones. He understood that Jones was being considerate but this wasn't the way to go.

Maybe it was because he said he could keep all the profits that was why he was self-conscious?

He didn't want Kyle to do all the heavy lifting while he just benefited from it, that would make him feel like he was a liability.

"You know after this, I'm never paying rent again, right?" Kyle asked. The question was an odd one but it would allow Jones to do something for Kyle to lessen the burden on his conscience.

"And as for the $5,500,000. Where am I sending it to?" Kyle continued.

He was shocked to hear this, Kyle spoke like he had that amount sitting in his account.

"Quit joking around," Jones responded but Kyle simply took out his phone and waited for Jones to give him his account details.

"Well?" Kyle questioned and an eerie smile crept up on his face but this was when Kyle realized this was an opportunity for him to multiply his money.

"You know what, give me your wife's details instead before you get too excited and lose it," Kyle responded and judging from Jones' facial expression, he didn't mind this.

"She's the one that manages our finances," Jones responded with a smile and in no time, the sum of $5,500,000 was transferred to her account.

[Ding!]

[Spent $5,500,000. 50X Critical Hit. Earned $275,000,000! The money has been transferred to account XXX-XXX-XXX!]

[Spent at least $5,000 on a beautiful lady!]

This took his sum to $476,000,000, this was a smart move on his part but this was what Jones didn't understand.

Kyle already made back not only his investment but the potential profits of a couple of years with this, he made sure that he didn't go over a billion.

It was only a matter of time before he did but for now, all his needs could be satisfied with his current net worth because he was essentially in the top 10% when it came to money.

Jones heard his phone ring and as he expected, it was Aiysha, Aiysha was transparent with their finances and informed her husband of everything within the account.

She was acting as an accountant, the same course she majored in college.

Jones picked up and he tried his best to hide his excitement but he couldn't, he didn't know how Kyle became this rich overnight but it wasn't in his place to pry and frankly, he didn't care because he knew that it must be legitimate if it was Kyle.

Jones' face creased into a full teeth smile, Kyle could hear Aiysha's excitement over the phone.

Truth be told, they thought Kyle would pay in instalments and not cough up the entire thing at once but he did. The phone call soon came to an end.

"I think I might go back home now," Jones said and Kyle knew that this must have put him in the mood. The thought made him cringe and he quickly pushed it from his mind but this was the final piece of the puzzle before he went all out with his system.

He was going to spend time with women but noticed that his affection bar hadn't been influenced this past week despite him not being in constant contact with the women in his life.

Was it locked at 100%? That would certainly make things a lot easier but he needed to experiment a little more to be certain about this.

The moment Jones left his house, Kyle couldn't help but picture the kind of faces Aiysha would make with a cock inside her but once again, these were thoughts he shouldn't be having.

He spoke with Cassandra but it was once in a while, she was a decent woman and the more Kyle spoke to her, the more guilty he felt about what he planned to do.

She had a kid and this would no doubt ruin her marriage. Kyle was anything but heartless because this was something that he didn't want to happen.

He knew he had to keep his intrusive thoughts under control and hoped that he could keep Cassandra as a friend because the last thing he needed right now was her sneaking her way into his harem.

That would complicate things but if the same requirement was to max out the affection bar, Kyle knew he would have to settle for this current level of his system.

In retrospect, it was more than enough for him so there was no need to level up except he would most likely be forfeiting the lottery tickets that only seemed to be given when he levelled up or reached a milestone.

Kyle chuckled at the thought of it all, he knew there was a ticket waiting for him when he reached billionaire status but the fact that he could be a trillionaire in the future just hit him.

There was no limit to what he could do then but he knew he would have made some powerful enemies as well.

There was no way he wouldn't gain enemies regardless of how carefully he lived his life but he was getting ahead of himself.

This was nothing to worry about right now, he needed to enjoy and appreciate the moment because time had a way of flying by too quickly.

But just as he was in his thoughts, he got a message from Cassandra.

This wasn't the most surprising thing, she sounded upset and angry, Kyle didn't know whether he should respond or wait for a few minutes until she calmed down.

He didn't want to deal with any emotional burden that came with this conversation and this was why Kyle was hesitant to respond right away.

"Fuck it," Kyle cussed under his breath before looking at his phone but she was still sending more messages.

The single message that got his attention was her asking him to come over so they could talk.

Kyle knew the safer option would be to get her out of the house before the husband returns and shanks him, that was the last thing that he wanted to happen right now.

Imagine building yourself up and having the cheat code to conquer life only to be killed by a woman's jealous husband. That would be a pathetic ending to such a promising life.

This could also be a set-up, Kyle didn't know Cassandra that well enough to trust her.

He wasn't just anyone and that was beginning to sink in, he was slowly becoming a man of high status and he couldn't be seen with just anyone.

Then a thought hit him, what if he invited her over to his house?

It was in the perfect condition to receive a guest like her but he understood that things could go south as well.

Kyle sighed as he put down his phone he realized it wasn't worth the risk and decided to focus his energy on what he was building.

Women have brought down the greatest of men and Kyle knew he wouldn't be an exception.

"I should probably call up Calista, I'm backed up…" Kyle thought to himself but he wanted to see Jane too.

Kyle sighed while opening the cyan screen to initiate the lottery draw by pressing [YES]

The draw was initiated and before he knew it, what he drew came to light.

[Ding!]

[Congratulations! You have drawn Extreme Endurance!]

[Extreme Stamina: The host's body can endure ten times what the average athlete can endure in regards to stamina!]

Congratulations! You have drawn Begone Thot!]

[Begone Thot: The host has been granted the ability to dismiss a lady from his harem!]

[Congratulations! You have drawn a Black Card!]

[Black Card: This card is directly linked to the host's bank and can be used with every ATM across the world!]

And it was just as Kyle suspected, the lottery picked abilities or skills that would best aid him at the time.

That was evident by his newfound ability which would most certainly help with his workout.

"Now that's what I'm talking about!" Kyle exclaimed the moment he felt the black card in his pocket.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 77 - 77: Kyle To The Rescue?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle decided it was time to spoil himself, it was about time he spent some of that money on himself.

This was the life he earned, Kyle changed his phone and entire wardrobe, he didn't have a fixed fashion style so he bought various clothes.

It was about time he commanded the respect that came with his status.

This was why he needed to start looking for the part; there was a way that people would address him once they perceived he came from money.

There was something twisted about this world, but Kyle was going to exploit it. He had over four hundred million, and it would be stupid if he couldn't enjoy it.

Kyle bought the latest gaming console as well, he knew he could satisfy his inner child to this degree because he could.

PS5 alongside all the games that he could see, he bought every single title because he didn't need to work or do anything.

Kyle returned home, and the amount of items he bought filled his car, both the booth and backseat.

He couldn't take it all in in a single go and had to make multiple trips, he noticed that Jones' car was missing and assumed he had gone to work or gone to start the pending work in the apartment.

He was relaxed and didn't give a shit about anything else at this very moment.

He was going to take a day off for himself to sort out and he hurried to set up his new gaming console, sliding in the disc to play some Elden Ring but Kyle was killed multiple times in quick succession.

"I thought games were made to be relaxing! This is far from relaxing!" Kyle barked, he could feel his BP increase with the stress that came with it but he wasn't about to complain.

But once again, his phone buzzed and it was Cassandra, this was unusual.

She messaged him more than she had in a week in the space of an hour.

Kyle finally conceded and picked up his phone to give her a phone call.

She picked up right away but she was sobbing.

[[K-Kyle?]] She called out between sobs which was a bit concerning.

"Hey Cassey, are you alright?" Kyle tried his best to sound as accommodating as he could.

[[I'm sorry for calling you like this but I had no one else?]] Cassandra responded but this sounded familiar.

Why did these women not have anyone or was this just said to make him feel special?

"It is fine, you can call me at any time, what's wrong?" Kyle asked, hoping that she would get to the point without all of this added drama.

[[It's my husband… I caught h–!]] She stopped herself from completing this sentence.

[[Can you come over please?]] Cassandra pleaded and Kyle smiled to himself because he knew what this meant.

"He cheated?" Kyle thought to himself but before he could continue the conversation.

There was a pinging sound emanating from his phone, he looked at it and saw that she had shared her location.

Kyle opted for the Samsung S24 Ultra as opposed to an Apple device because he preferred the Android brand even though most people around him had an iPhone.

He didn't know where to meet, if he told her to meet him at the hotel, the wrong impression could be gotten so it had to be somewhere neutral, Kyle had no plans to go to her house.

This way, he would be in control of the narrative but he didn't know where they could meet because it had to be private enough for her to be able to cry her eyes out.

This way she would be comfortable to be vulnerable because meeting in public limited how she could react, this was surprisingly tricky.

He finally thought of a place they could go to and that was an exclusive restaurant that had different rooms for their customers, this meant that each person booked individual rooms but instead of sex, it was for food.

This was a neat restaurant but it wasn't anything exotic, it wasn't doing as well as it could either because most people didn't like the set-up.

Kyle had never been there and did a quick search the moment he was done with the phone call with Cassandra.

Kyle was skeptical about going there because the reviews weren't so good, some complained about the rooms being too small and others about the food with a few going as far as condemning how dirty this place was.

Kyle was having second thoughts but what was the worst that could happen? It couldn't be that bad.

He got ready, dressing in some of the new clothes he had gotten alongside the perfume, he wore some jewellery. He loved what he saw in the mirror, this was something that he couldn't have envisioned in a million years.

He was on his way there, it was still early but Kyle wanted to make sure the place was in optimal condition to receive Cassandra or if he needed to make a last-minute venue change.

Kyle arrived there soon enough and saw that the place was practically deserted which didn't sit well with him but that could also be because of the time.

This place's activity spiked at night, not during the day so this wasn't so strange after all.

The moment he walked in, he was swarmed and given maximum attention but the women there were actively blushing with how good-looking he was.

This particular attention Kyle wasn't used to, people usually looked at him because he was rich not because of his looks but because this was a mix of both.

Kyle smiled inwardly, he couldn't lie to himself, he loved the attention.

He found a reservation easily but he knew that they must have taken the reviews seriously because the place was sparkling clean.

Kyle couldn't believe how clean it was, they must have given him their best room just as he requested.

They charged an extra fee for the rooms, separate from the meals and services rendered.

That was a smart business plan but poorly executed, the only way this could work was if they had a steady influx of customers but the bad reviews limited the people who walked into this place.

This might be a good thing because it meant that they gave their full attention to the little customers they did have.

Kyle heaved a sigh of relief, it wasn't as bad as he thought. The reviews were clearly an exaggeration but this was why he came in person to give it a try.

He got the room for the day and waited for Cassandra to come in but he didn't have to wait for too long as Cassandra came twenty minutes later.

And just like that, she walked through the door and Kyle was surprised by what she was wearing, it was the exact clothes he told her to wear the first time they met.

It was a black crop top that barely exposed her stomach as her bellybutton wasn't in full view.

Her breasts felt like they were stretching the fabric out, Kyle was surprised she wasn't walking around with a hunched back with something that large on her chest.

She didn't have any bra strap so it was clear that she wasn't wearing any but Kyle couldn't see the outline of her nipples telling him that she must be concealing it somehow.

But Kyle noticed that she had on a skirt that hung just below her knees, it was longer than he would have liked because it would expose her luscious thighs.

"D-Don't stare so much please," Cassandra said but Kyle didn't take his eyes off her. He wanted her to know he liked what he saw.

"You see? I was right, you do look good with that too but I'm more concerned about why you sounded so upset. Please, talk to me," Kyle responded, gesturing for her to take a seat.

Cassandra smiled awkwardly, this was one of the few times that someone had complimented her physique. Even her husband rarely did and that was why Kyle's compliment hit harder than usual.

She had to brush it off but this outfit was something she wouldn't have worn because she had reservations about her current appearance.

This was one of the things having a baby died but Kyle didn't care about any of that.

There was nothing wrong with a little stomach fat.

She sat across Kyle but he noticed that she was no longer a frying mess.

She must have had time to compose herself but the light in her eyes had dulled.

"I-I don't know…" Cassandra was hesitant to open up, looking at the ground. This must be post-sadness clarity.

"You know, we don't have to talk if you don't want to but doesn't stop us from having some fun," Kylr suggested and this seemed to ignite some life in her.

" Y-You are fine with that? I'm sure you think I'm just a nagging woman, I bet you would rather be anywhere else, " Cassandra tried her best to remain calm because she was aware that she had been an inconvenience to Kyle.

" Nonsense, I know how it is. You just needed to get out of the house, a distraction…" Kyle lingered on his last word, his eyes looking at her chest pushing against the table.

"Fuck… They're huge…" Kyle thought to himself.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 78 - 78: The Cure To An Aching Heart Is...?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The day went according to the plan, Cassandra was a lot more loose than before and this place served alcohol so she had a few to drink even though Kyle decided to stay sober because he had to drive back.

He wasn't the one that needed to unwind either so he allowed her to be in her element.

The more drink that went into her system, the freer she became because she was opening up slowly about what was going on in her marriage.

"Is that it?" Kyle questioned with a raised brow but he understood why she would be upset over something like that.

"It is stupid, I know," Cassandra responded with an awkward smile.

"It isn't, I believe anything that bothers you is worth considering," Kyle reassured her. He reached for her hand on the table and to his surprise, she didn't pull away.

The details about her fight with her husband were revealed, it wasn't because he was cheating but rather, because he wasn't making the necessary sacrifices to make her feel seen.

When she spoke to him about it, he made her into the bad guy. Kyle knew that she needed to be nurtured, considering the child that was with her. No one bothers about the mother after birth; all the attention is given to the child.

He was neglecting her in every aspect but Kyle wasn't going to paint the husband as the villain because he knew that this was a common response for men in his situation.

She was older so Kyle was aware that she had more experience when it came to certain things, and this was one of them.

"It is okay to fight with your husband, Cassandra but that doesn't mean you should give up. I want you to fight for your marriage until you no longer can so there will be no what ifs," Kyle responded and this shocked Cassandra. Kyle could tell she didn't expect that response but he knew he had to be careful or she might develop feelings for him.

Right now, he was still safe but Kyle didn't know how he could fuck her without any emotional attachment on her part.

"Wow, you don't act your age…" Cassandra said but she still hadn't removed his hand from hers.

"Hahaha! I get that a lot but I know that there's one thing I know, I want your piece to fit," Kyle said in reference to their previous conversation.

Kyle adjusted his legs beneath the table and made physical contact with her beneath the table.

He didn't know if it was the alcohol but either way, he wasn't about to make his move when she had this inside her.

It wouldn't look good and with the way women falsely accuse men of rape, Kyle knew this would be setting him up for disaster even though she was far from gone and could still make decisions.

"You know Kyle, this might be a forward but this new look is extremely attractive," Cassandra muttered, staring right into his eyes.

Kyle leaned back in his chair with a smile on his face. No, a smirk.

"Is that so?" Kyle questioned, relishing at this development, sometimes a predator must exercise patience and its prey would come to him.

"I think I met you when I was younger, things would have been different," Cassandra became loose-mouthed.

"Different? Are you saying you wish for your piece to match mine?" Kyle questioned but Cassandra was hesitant to answer this.

"Ah! I'm just kidding. I think the only reason we get along so well is because of who we are right now not who we were," Kyle added quickly, he was a broke man that could barely afford rent.

There was no way that she would have looked his way. No one likes broke men regardless of what they say at the start, the tension begins to weigh because being broke means you can't even treat your partner to the most basic of things.

Most women with options would never make that sacrifice, if not all but Kyle wasn't going to dwell on this question.

"H-Hahaha! You're right, I don't know what has gotten into me," Cassandra laughed awkwardly and she finally withdrew her hand from Kyle.

"It is okay to want what you can't have…" Kyle suggestively reassured her and Cassandra could no longer hold his gaze.

"Our little sinful world, the thoughts we have when we close our eyes…" Kyle said, looking at her breasts.

He wanted to touch them, he could feel his trousers tighten and who could blame him, they were staring at him right in the face.

"I have to thank you for today but I think I have to get back," Cassandra responded but Kyle shook his head.

"I'm afraid I can't let you do that. You have not only had a bit too much to drink but do you want questions to arise as to where you want? This will only strain your marriage even more," Kyle pointed out, this was a valid point.

"So how about I rent you a room and maybe you can sleep it off and then return home?" This was a sound proposal from Kyle and Cassandra nodded in agreement.

The check was paid but the system gave him back his money fifty-fold even though the money spent was only a couple of hundred so it was negligible.

"That is a brilliant idea, I would like that," Cassandra responded but this was all part of Kyle's plan.

He had no plans to let her go back home without getting something in return for this interaction. And everything was going according to plan.

They left the arena and Kyle knew he had to show her a glimpse of his wealth by getting a high-budget hotel room just for her.

This would give her the maximum comfort but also introduce her to a life that could be hers if she spread those legs for him.

There was something wrong with this, Kyle knew that very well but that was what made it exciting.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 79 - 79: What Am I Doing?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle found the nearest hotel, it was on the expensive side but he was glad that he did.

He checked her into the room and made sure she was alright, she was tipsy but she was self-aware. He dropped her on the bed and didn't attempt to do anything else, Kyle covered her up and sat on a chair nearby.

This would have been the perfect opportunity for him to make his move but Cassandra kept yapping about irrelevant things.

At that moment, Kyle realized that she needed a friend more than anything at the moment, it was something that he couldn't shake down.

Kyle couldn't believe he was developing a conscience right now.

He watched her yapping and simply smiled at the realization that he could help people in multiple ways, he could have any woman in the world so why would he intentionally ruin a marriage?

He didn't think he would be able to live with himself if he did something like this but the way she laid on the bed was like an invitation.

"I should probably shower," Cassandra pointed out, that would be the logical thing to do because she was sweaty.

People on the bigger side of the scale would sweat more in such a climate because even Kyle was drenched in sweat.

He took a deep breath, he has seen too much porno and this scenario always ended up in one way. Cassandra got up and headed to the bathroom to have that shower, Kyle got a good view of her backside and couldn't believe that they were almost as big as the things on her chest.

She closed the door behind her, Kyle heaved a huge sigh of relief but the bulge in his trouser couldn't be hidden.

It's been a while since he busted a nut so lust was something he couldn't control in this situation, he probably should have left as soon as he got her settled.

Kyle was beginning to question his decision and if he truly wished to go through with it.

"AHHHH!" A scream escaped the bathroom walls.

"Cassey! Are you okay?" Kyle ran to the door without hesitation, he knew that if something happened to her. It would put him in a compromising position.

He couldn't risk it, there was no way any sane man would be able to control themselves but there was no response behind the door.

This worried Kyle, he didn't know why she wasn't responding but it had gone silent, all he could hear was the shower.

Kyle had no other choice and opened the door however he didn't see her sprawled on the floor like he thought he would.

Instead, he saw the shower curtains on the floor and Cassandra taking a shower but with no shower curtains, he could see almost everything.

He spotted the butterfly tattoo on her lower back but his eyes couldn't see any lower.

Her back was turned to him and the way the curtain was positioned had obscured his vision to an extent. He could tell that she tried her best to fix it but she did a poor job at that.

He stood there for a moment, he didn't know what came over him as he should have left the room immediately after confirming she was alright.

This was why she didn't answer him, she couldn't hear him but how did she not know he was in the bathroom with her?

"What the fuck are you doing!? Leave Kyle," Kyle thought to himself and fortunately for him, his body responded to his thoughts as he began to back away.

"Kyle…" Cassandra called out and Kyle froze in place. He thought she knew he was there and just as he was about to answer. She called out his name once again.

"Kyle~"

And that was when Kyle realized she hadn't seen him and what she was doing was something far more perverse.

She was touching herself to him, Kyle didn't know how to feel about this but it was clear that he had left quite the impression.

Part of him wanted to walk right over, push her against the wall and have his way with her but the more civilized part wanted to get the hell out of there.

He listened to the latter voice, leaving the bathroom but he stayed behind it. He loved his memory as he recalled every single thing he just saw and heard like he was experiencing it for the first time.

Kyle took out his cock and began to jerk off behind the door using what he had just seen as material.

-

Jane was seeing less of Ella and that could be expected considering she was about to kick-start her music career.

She was happy for her, Ella had simply swapped one addiction for another because she never truly confronted what made her relapse momentarily.

Jane thought about Kyle a lot, her heart fluttered each time she did but she was aware that she couldn't show her clingy side or she risked him running away.

Mike has been talking to her a lot more but he wasn't crossing any boundaries so she saw nothing wrong with it.

He went out of his way to make sure she was alright and this was something that she appreciated.

The fact that they saw every day gave him the edge over Kyle and slowly, he began to extend his influence over her life.

Jane, even though she was an adult, was quite naive when it came to certain things that someone her age should be able to see through.

She knew that Mike liked her but assumed his intentions for her were pure.

But she was going to hang out with him later that day, it was the weekend so there was no work, this was her day off. Jane took her days off seriously, she had the option to work for some extra cash but she didn't.

And in truth, she was looking forward to it because it had been ages since she last went bowling.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 80 - 80: Those Are Some Huge Milkers.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was time for the meeting, and Jane got all dressed up. She wore a yellow sunflower dress that was just above her knees.

She also had on her glasses. Ella was again not present, as she had left earlier that day.

Jane also forgot to inform her about this hangout because she knew Ella wouldn't support it.

Ella didn't like Mike and there was no doubt that she would have talked her friend down from this. Jane knew that Mike was harmless or at least that's what she wanted to believe.

Mike could only exploit whatever grounds she granted him and the fact that they were in a public space made her feel safe.

There was nothing that he could do to her because Jane believed that he was incapable of harming her, so the doorbell rang soon after.

Jane took a deep breath before opening it. She didn't let Mike nor did she want to be in that kind of setting with him.

"Well, hello pretty," Mike greeted her with a brought smile, Jane knew she had to be polite to maintain the atmosphere and prevent it from becoming tense considering she was about to spend a few hours with him.

There was nothing wrong with a little compliment after all even though it made her uncomfortable because the only person she would want to hear those words from was Kyle.

"Hi Mike, you are looking sharp," Jane responded, making sure not to bypass the boundary of their relationship.

Mike had one pair of cargo shorts with a sleeveless black shirt to reveal his biceps, showing off his physique like some sort of refurbished sex toy.

"Ah! I have to look my best for you," Mike responded but that was when things got awkward as what followed was silence.

Mike quickly cleared his throat and attempted to save the situation that he created.

"This way, the Uber is waiting for us," Mike didn't have a car and relied on public transport, not that Jane minded this mode of transportation.

It beats taking the bus or train even though it was a little more expensive but Jane had the money to pay for herself.

She made sure she took enough money to cover her expenses, she didn't want to be stranded there should things not go well with Mike.

This way she could leave whenever she wished and not when Mike wanted to, it was the perfect plan. She didn't know if she was supposed to tell Kyle either but this should be fine.

They arrived at their destination in a few hours, the arena was broad and looked like something professionals played in.

She realized that Mike wanted to impress her but he didn't need to go through this length to do so because nothing was going to happen.

Her perception of him wouldn't change others, if that was why he was doing all of this then he would be wasting his time.

"Welcome to the arena!" Mike exclaimed, she could see that the person over the counter knew him because they kept exchanging glances.

"This place is amazing!" Jane exclaimed, she couldn't contain her excitement even despite knowing why he did it.

"I know right!" Mike exclaimed with a broad smile, they ordered some food but it would take a while for it to get ready.

The first game was underway and Jane was the first to go, she wasn't that great a bowler but she wasn't bad either.

But Mike didn't plan to win and intentionally missed his bowling pins, this allowed Jane to stay in the lead. He could tell by her face that she was having fun and this was worth it.

It took a little over thirty minutes for their food to be ready so they took a break from bowling to have their fill.

"You know, you don't have to let me win," Jane pointed out but Mike tapped his finger twice on the table.

"Let you win? I don't know what you're talking about," Mike feigned ignorance but Jane saw right through it, not that she minded.

"So… You and Kyle, it looks like you guys are serious," Mike couldn't help but bring up this top.

"I guess you could say that, I do like him a lot," Jane confessed, she didn't stutter or sound uncertain. This showed that she was beginning to see Mike as just a friend who could be treated as such.

"Is the feeling mutual?" Mike questioned, taking a bite of his sandwich but Jane pondered on it for a second.

"Yes, it is. And that is why I need you to respect it, Mike… I don't want to have to…" Jane paused, hesitant to complete her sentence.

"You don't want to have to do what?" Mike repeated, expecting her to complete this dialogue.

"I will have to cut you off," Jane said sternly, Mike didn't recognize this woman in front of him.

This wasn't the Jane he had known for the past couple of years, she was too direct and the fact that she looked him right in the eyes when she gave this warning told him that she wasn't joking or bluffing about it.

Mike gulped, he didn't know what Kyle had done to her but it must have been intense if this was her stance.

"I understand. I had no intentions of doing that, to begin with, we are friends and I'm here to support you," Mike was smooth with his response, making it sound like Jane was the one overreacting.

"I'm so glad to hear that!" Jane responded with a bright smile, it made Mike's heart flutter.

Jane had boundaries and she was willing to enforce them without hesitation.

And somehow, Mike found this attractive and this only made him want her all the more because it showed him a glimpse of how she would act around other men in his absence.

They returned to playing and it was a win for Jane, it was close but Jane edged him out with a single point. She knew Mike allowed her to win but this didn't dull her excitement.

Mike tried to cover her tab but Jane was more than willing to handle her share of the bills just as she did when she was with Kyle.

Mike wasn't surprised, she had always been like this after all and this included paying for her Uber back home.

Mike offered to escort her but Jane politely declined, she was aware that if he followed her, she might have to allow him inside to give him some refreshments before he went home.

She didn't want to be alone with him in a private space for all the right reasons.

Mike, on the other hand, knew it was time to find dirt on Kyle, there was something strange about him.

The way he threatened to kill him, there had to be a reason he was so confident he could kill him. Mike was going to make sure he took him down with every arsenal within his possession.

-

Kyle was trapped in a sticky situation, he jerked off but before he could finish, the shower turned off. Kyle quickly got up to his feet and rushed to the bed.

He faced away from her to hide his erection, his cock wasn't calming down and he didn't want Cassandra to feel uncomfortable.

He contemplated leaving before she left the bathroom but she was out before he could carry out his escape.

"I'm all done~!" Cassandra exclaimed melodically.

"Are you going to go have a shower?" Cassandra asked Kyle but Kyle was still turned away from her. Cassandra didn't wear her clothes, she allowed them to dry and this was why she wore the bathrobe given to their guests by the hotel.

But they could never have guessed that one of these guests would be as endowed as Cassandra, it could barely cover up her breasts and her entire cleavage almost spilt outward.

Kyle could see everything but her nipples and all the work he did to get his erection down came undone in mere seconds.

"K-Kyle…" Cassandra muttered before looking away, embarrassed that she had seen the bulge in his trousers but flattered that he found her attractive enough to have that reaction to her.

He was a wealthy good-looking man, she was certain that he could have any woman he wanted but somehow, he was here with her.

That served as a boost to her ego and she didn't want it to end but she couldn't cheat on her husband either.

"I should probably shower," Kyle said, walking past her, he didn't make a big deal out of his erection. He knew his reaction to it would determine how she handled the situation.

He entered the bathroom and heaved a loud sigh of relief, he couldn't believe the peace of mind that came with escaping that situation but his throbbing cock needed relief and not from his hand.

However, he made a grave miscalculation because he didn't shut the door all the way through and this would ultimately shape the events that were about to happen.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 81 - 81: Resist Or Submit? [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle entered the bathroom and raised the shower curtains. He only had a little to drink, but there was something wrong with his body.

It was like his libido had increased but that was possible because alcohol had that sort of effect on certain people.

This was far-fetched, but it was a possible explanation. He read reviews about these things but chose to ignore them because they would work in his favour either way.

But there was no doubt that the drinks had this effect on them, Kyle was confused about how to feel about it considering he had second thoughts.

Kyle didn't know how to get rid of his throbbing erection without sticking it in Cassandra, she was the only solution right now. It was like he swallowed a bottle of Viagra.

He ran the shower and the water droplets dripped down his forehead and his cheeks, Kyle placed his hand against the wall to support his body weight.

He couldn't understand how he got himself in this situation or why he was developing a conscience now.

This wasn't the matter but he had to make do with his hand, Kyle grabbed his cock and began to stroke it gently, he fixed the curtains earlier so it would be impossible for Cassandra to see him.

Kyle hadn't been this hard in so long that it was impossible that this was simply the effect of seeing Cassandra naked, she wasn't the first woman he had seen naked so this wasn't the cause of his lust.

But the door he didn't lock came back to bite him in the ass, it slowly creaked open with Cassandra coming into sight.

He couldn't see or hear her thanks to the shower and being lost in thought, Kyle was thinking about how soft her breasts would be.

He wondered if it would feel good if he used her tits as a crevice to fuck, he wanted to slide his dick between them and fuck the shit out of it.

Cassandra didn't know why she was there but her body was moving on its own, she could remember how it felt when his crotch was pushed up against her.

She could feel the heat around her body, the fluids dripping down her thighs coupled with being unsatisfied for years. She couldn't contain it and her common sense stopped working.

If it could affect Kyle to this degree then there was no telling how much she could be affected.

"Fuck..~" Kyle moaned softly as he kept on stroking his cock. Cassandra could see his silhouette and saw his length in his hand.

Her mouth watered, she wondered what it tasted like and wished for it to be in her mouth.

She blamed her husband for her current state, she couldn't believe she was this sex-starved to begin with but there was nothing that she could do about it now.

Her lust had won and she began to grope herself but the slight noise she made gave away her position.

"WHO IS THERE!?" Kyle exclaimed, pushing the shower curtain aside only to see an exposed Cassandra, one of her breasts was hanging out of her robe; her face was red from the heat from her body, and she was breathing heavily as well.

Cassandra looked at Kyle's cock, it was as hard as steel and she couldn't even pretend to have any sort of control because it has been a long time since she had felt this way.

So there was no helping it, she began to walk towards him like a zombie but the thing she craved was the cock in front of her.

"Cassey?" Kyle called out but she was already on her knees, he could tell she had lost all sorts of control but her breast was a lot bigger than he thought it would be.

He only saw one but he knew at this rate, it was only a matter of time before he saw the second one.

"W-We shouldn't be doing this…" Kyle tried to dissuade her but she opened her mouth as wide as she could before slowly pushing her head forward.

Kyle had two options, he could either withdraw or go through with this but the precum leaking from his cock showed that the latter was more likely.

Kyle took a step back, he used everything in him to resist and Cassey looked at him like a puppy that had been denied a treat.

"W-What are you doing?" Cassandra questioned, he could see the saliva dripping from the edge of her mouth.

"I really don't think this is a good idea," Kyle tried to dissuade her but she looked at his cock.

"I know it isn't but I can't help it, my entire body wants it. I can't think straight… P-Please, just this once…" Cassandra pleaded, the look in her eyes was such a turn-on.

Kyle tried his best to resist but she did something that he didn't expect, she let her robe loose, allowing both of her breasts into sight.

It bounced all over the place and she grabbed them, squeezing them tightly.

"I know you want me…" Cassandra said, crawling towards Kyle who was backed against the wall. He couldn't move away anymore because she was right, he wanted her.

"Shit!" Kyle thought to himself but Cassandra was right in front of him, he could feel her breath brushing against the head of his cock.

"You poor thing…" Cassandra muttered before scooping up the precum dripping from his cock before placing that finger in her mouth.

"Delicious~" Cassandra praised the taste but she wasn't satisfied, Kyle was hoping that she would get back to her senses and stop this madness.

"But it is not enough…" Cassandra muttered before opening her mouth as wide as she could because that was the only way she could take all of him in.

Kyle felt her tongue lick the tip of his cock before slipping it inside her mouth, most people came up for air to ease their throat but not her, she slowly swallowed up his entire length.

"Mhhhmm~"

Kyle clenched his fist, he was trying not to lose control but he could feel his cock reach down her throat.

"Shit…" Kyle realized that he was in trouble at that moment.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 82 - 82: A Little Too Late. [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle had his cock in her mouth, the warmth and moisture, it felt different from Calista's mouth.

It felt like he was being swallowed by a fucking python as it reached down, there was no space and the strangest part was that she didn't even come up for air.

She didn't need oxygen but this only made Kyle want to bust even faster, she wrapped her arms around his hips to force more of him inside.

"W-What the fuck!? Her throat is so fucking tight!" Kyle thought to himself but she finally came out for her, covering his cock in her saliva as she began to stroke it.

Her breathing was heavy, she used her other hand to rub around her pussy slit simultaneously.

Kyle couldn't believe this was happening but it was too late to back out now.

He might as well indulge in this act of depravity because it would make no difference if he backed out right now, it wouldn't change the status.

"Y-You are so so big~" Cassandra praised his cock while she kept fingering herself.

"Bigger than your husband?" Kyle asked without thinking but the moment he called her husband, her hand stopped stroking his cock.

She looked embarrassed and guilty but Kyle didn't care at that moment, he reached down and raised her chin to look up at him.

"I asked you a fucking question," Kyle questioned, he was using profanity and spoke to her in a demeaning manner but why did it turn her on even more?

She couldn't stop dripping and she nodded to confirm that it was indeed bigger than her husband.

"Your mouth can be used for talking too so speak," Kyle commanded, his hand still on her chin.

"You are bigger than him," Cassandra confessed, bringing a smirk to Kyle's face.

"Of course I am or you wouldn't be here…" Kyle said before placing his head at the back of her head and pushing it forward.

She didn't need to be told what to do as her mouth hung open, and Kyle began to thrust his hips back and forth slowly.

However, with everything that entered with each thrust, she was slacking and Kyle could tell that she was enjoying it or she wouldn't be fingering herself.

He increased his pace and was surprised that she wasn't even gagging on it, she had no gag reflex.

"Fucking hell! If I had you at home, I would fuck you all the time!" Kyle exclaimed and he could tell that she liked hearing this.

"Mhhhmm~" She moaned while moving her head back and forth, he was close to finishing down her throat but this was when he removed his cock from her mouth.

"Damn! You got carried away there for a second," Kyle said, rubbing his cock covered in her saliva on her face.

"You're such a filthy woman. Does your husband know he married a slut?" Kyle questioned but she was so turned on by the way she was being spoken to that this only made her touch herself with more intensity.

"D-Don't talk to me like that," Cassandra tried her best to retain her self-respect but that wasn't going to happen because Kyle could tell she liked it.

He knew how she was when erecting a boundary, she was stern so why was her voice wavering right now?

"You're right, maybe we should stop this altogether," Kyle suggested and that was when she clamped her mouth shut.

"I want to feel them around my cock…" Kyle was unfiltered, he was a verbal person during sex because he liked telling these ladies exactly how to please him.

Cassandra knew what he meant, she raised her heavy breasts and placed Kyle's cock between them, it completely buried them within.

Kyle couldn't believe how big they were but the feeling was heavenly, this was the first time in his life that he partook in such a thing and he couldn't get enough of it.

She began to move those humongous things up and down on his cock, it was slipping in and out, and the friction alongside the softness gave him a feeling that he didn't even know was possible.

"F-Fuck! This feels good! Your body is perfect for pleasure!" Kyle exclaimed, he was sure to let her know he found her this attractive.

Her husband neglected her for years and only pumped a baby in her because she kept on insisting that she wanted one but here was a younger man, not only higher in status but more attractive giving her the pleasure she had been starved of.

Kyle grabbed them and squeezed them together to increase the friction but he could feel milk leaking out of her nipples.

Cassandra looked embarrassed by this but this only pushed Kyle over the edge.

He pictured this scenario so many times but seeing it in person felt different.

He grabbed her wrist and pulled her to her feet.

"Do you want to stop?" Kyle asked her, he knew what he wanted to do next.

Once he starts, there's no going back.

Cassandra gulped, she knew this was wrong but it had been years since she felt this way.

The vigour and excitement of sex, she wanted to experience it all even for a door.

For this reason, she shook her head to give him the go-ahead.

Kyle grabbed her breasts, they were heavy but as soft as freshly baked bread.

*Mhhhhmmm~"

She tried her best to contain her moans but Kyle licked one of her nipple, tasting the milk.

It was sour but it wasn't bitter and that was when he began to suck on them.

Kyle was being breastfed and Cassandra had to bite down on her finger to keep herself sane.

This was different from a baby feeding because there was no way a baby could suck this hard.

"S-Stop… Not so rough!~" But before it could go any further, Cassandra's legs began to shake aggressively.

Her knees buckled and she dropped to the ground.

"Did you just finish?" Kyle questioned with milk dropping down his chin but Cassandra couldn't even speak but this was when she came to her senses.

When could finally think straight?

"What have I done!?" These were the final words before she stormed out.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 83 - 83: There Is Nothing.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was shocked by what happened but he expected this to happen a lot sooner even though she had cheated on her husband.

Kyle didn't care much about her as this was not his concern, he owed her husband no loyalty, and that was entirely up to her.

Kyle was glad he didn't fuck her otherwise it; doing so would have weighed on his conscience a lot more, but they had crossed a line that couldn't be undone.

Kyle noticed she wasn't added to his harem so this was done with no emotional attachment.

This meant that she either liked her husband or she didn't need to feel anything to have sex with another person.

The latter was a more feasible possibility, he noticed that there was something wrong with her but he was glad that the situation was over.

"That was close…" Kyle thought to himself but the taste of her breastmilk still lingered alongside his throbbing erection.

He checked his phone and tried to reach Cassandra but her number wasn't going through.

It was safe to say that she had blocked him and rightfully so.

Kyle thought the reviews about the place were exaggerations but she should never have agreed to go to a hotel with him.

There was only one possible outcome when it came to that and that was Kyle sticking his cock in her eyes as she was already attracted to him.

He had a taste of a married woman and hoped that it would stop him from looking at Aiysha lustfully, this was part of the reason he started working out so he could get his mind off this overwhelming lust.

Kyle knew he needed to go to the gym to get his mind off this, there was no other reason why he should be in this situation but this chapter was over because he no longer had access to Cassandra.

This was for the best, but once again, Calista was the girl who came to mind to relieve him.

She was his personal call girl that he could call at any moment to satisfy him and with what he had done for her, she dared not say no.

Kyle was higher than her on the social ladder so he was the one who needed to be kept; this was why Calista would jump through hoops for him.

He sat back down on the bed, he noticed the robe that Cassandra had worn on the floor close to him and picked it up.

He took a huge sniff of the scent within the garment and closed his eyes, every single thing he just experienced replayed in his head.

Kyle took his cock in his hand and began to stroke it, placing the bathrobe she had on across his nose while closing his eyes to take in the scent.

"You fucking tease!" Kyle muttered under his breath using what just happened as a means to pleasure himself.

-

Calista's life had taken a drastic turn for the better. The casting was done and they had started shooting the film.

She couldn't believe she was here, a movie that had the potential to serve as a foundation to further her career as this would be her first 'serious' film.

Everyone was introduced to one another, she was going to act as Rachel. A college student who fell in love with a professor but neither could act on their attraction for one another.

Unrequited love was gaining an audience and they wanted to be among the established media outlets before that came to pass.

The supporting lead actor was a man in his late twenties who went by the name Lorenzo, Lorenzo was originally a model who decided to give acting a chance after attending the school for almost four years.

He was one of the most attractive men to walk this earth, they had to pick conventionally attractive people for these roles because it was angst and lust, that fruit you wish to take a bite of so badly but can't.

Calista couldn't help but admire him either, he had an accent as well, he wasn't an American citizen and clearly a foreigner who didn't grow up here either.

She was rehearsing her script and Calista realized a scene had been added last minute.

This was unexpected as it was unusual for last-minute changes to be made to the script.

Calista was surprised by the change; it was a kissing scene with Lorenzo. She didn't expect this to be included considering the theme of the movie.

But she was also worried about Lucas, he was acting like nothing happened, talking to her like he did everyone else without acting petty for being rejected.

This was the route most men would take but he was different even though this act deserved no praise as this was how a decent human being was supposed to react.

Calista was so focused on her script that she didn't notice the 6 '6 man standing right in front of her.

"Ciao," Lorenzo greeted her and Calista immediately tilted her head to look at him.

His golden eyes stared right at her. Lorenzo's appearance was what you would expect from a supermodel, there was nothing mediocre about him.

It was clear he hit the gym as well because his body was toned beyond belief, it was like the best sculptors around the world gathered and made him in their image.

"H-Hello…" Calista didn't know why she stuttered, was it the nerves of being in this environment or being in front of such an attractive man?

There was no way the latter was true because she wasn't new to attractive men, there was no way one could get her tongue tied so it had to be the former.

"My name is Lorenzo. It is very… nice to meet you," Lorenzo introduced himself but there was no need for that because she already knew his name.

He knew hers as well, Calista realized at that moment that she wasn't the only one who was nervous. Lorenzo was just as nervous and who could blame him?

This was their first movie that would make it to the big screens, this would be their audition to the world.

This performance would both make or break their career.

"It looks like we are both about to pop our cherry," Calista cracked a joke, trying her best to lessen the tension they both felt.

"Hahaha! That is such a weird way to put it," Lorenzo responded but this was successful in breaking the tension in the air caused by the movie.

"I wanted us to go over our lines if that is fine by you?" Lorenzo requested. A request that Calista had no problems with because she could use the practice.

"Absolutely," Calista responded ecstatically as she sprung to her feet.

Just like that, Calista made a new friend.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 84 - 84: An Encounter In The Gym.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle finished beating his meat like a shameless degenerate, he felt no guilt and knew this would have to do for now.

He cleaned up after himself, taking that shower that he initially planned to before Cassandra made her move.

There was no telling what could have happened but Kyle wasn't one to question these things as everything happened for a reason.

He stepped out of the room and the moment the door shut behind him, it was locked due to the electronic keycard utilized.

It was a fancy hotel so this much was expected and that was the end of this episode.

The young man's focus returned to his nightclub, he needed someone to handle the furniture and whatnot.

He planned to use the same agency that fixed up his house but for some reason, he felt like James would know someone that could do an even better job.

That was how he found Collins after all but first, he had to get Nate off his back.

Ever since that phone call a week ago, Nate has been sending him messages at random times during the day.

This gave Kyle an idea of how annoying P. A can be and he doubted that he could tolerate it for a long period.

He could handle his business for one and seeing as his memory was now an unlimited storage space, he couldn't forget anything even if he wanted to.

So in retrospect, he didn't need Nate, to begin with, but he was so eager to hold onto Nate that he chose this route.

However, Kyle was beginning to change his plans for that and simply assigned him a role in the club.

He wasn't sure if Nate could handle a position of leadership considering how he was but he had shown the needed empathy to confirm he wasn't a piece of shit. This was all Kyle needed and in truth, he didn't dare if the club did well or not.

Despite making his money legally, he felt like he needed multiple sources to the point one would think he was a money launderer because he was using the same method as they would.

He took out his phone and dialed a number, it was James. Kyle memorized it upon the first call so it didn't matter if he lost his phone or not.

James picked up immediately, Kyle made his life a little easier and he could tell by his upbeat tone that Collins must have given him a share of the money he had given him, that was fair considering he was the one that recommended him.

This once again showed Kyle that they looked after one another, he wouldn't mind being in their circle because he knew that this would extend to him.

"Hello James, I need you to help me find someone that is good at furnishing, I want the best," Kyle got right to the point.

[[Say no more! When do you need the service provided?]] James was ready to play ball, he didn't waste a moment to respond.

"Right away, I need it all done this week as well," Kyle muttered because nightclubs would establish a base of operation.

Before Kyle could even wait for a verbal response, he got a notification on his phone. James had sent him a phone number like it was waiting on standby.

He sure is prepared, I give him that," Kyle muttered to himself.

[[What was that sir? Have you gotten it?]] James asked.

"Yes James, I have. I will give them a call now, thank you once again," Kyle showed his gratitude because James was proving to be one of the most useful people he has come across.

"Jay, huh?" Kyle thought to himself, he wanted to call this Jay person before he left the driveway of this place but decided to do it after he got home.

Kyle left the hotel and went straight back home to get changed, he needed to go for his workout session.

It took a little over thirty minutes for him to get everything done and he was already on his way back out as he heard for the gym to get rid of this frustration.

He arrived at the gym and got a few glances but everyone was focused on their workout.

This was why Kyle liked this place, Feetness Center, it was a silly name but that was why people gave it a chance because it showed humour.

A smart way of marketing but it could make or break the business as the brand name was everything.

Kyle already had his male instructor waiting on him or rather, he gave who he was training and went to Kyle immediately.

Kyle was a top-priority customer because he didn't just work out, he gave a tip after every session which came a long way when it came to paying bills.

There was no way he would give this opportunity to someone else when he needed all the money he could muster so he could at least live a life worthy of anything.

"Welcome Kyle, I wasn't expecting you today," His trainer said. It was supposed to be his off-day but Kyle didn't say much in response.

"I just came for some lightweight, Anderson. Please, by all means, you can attend to others," Kyle gave him the go-ahead.

Anderson nodded, he could have insisted and tried to make Kyle allow him to train him but that was against gym policy as he could lose his job if he attempted this.

Kyle began with some dumbbell curls, there was barely anyone in this gym even though it wasn't like this every day, today was an exception.

It was the weekend, people either came very early in the morning or they were conserving their energy altogether.

Kyle did a quick set, going below the weight recommended by his trainer because today wasn't about gaining mass, it was to serve as an outlet for his hormones.

He was locked in and with his headphones on, he couldn't hear a thing. That was probably why he couldn't hear the person speaking beside him until a gentle tap on his shoulder alerted him of their presence.

Kyle hated that he was being interrupted, he wore his headphones to dissuade people from talking to him but apparently, that wasn't working.

"I'm sorry to bother you but you're using the equipment wrong," A feminine voice informed him.

Kyle tilted his head in her direction to see a woman that had an even more toned body than Aiysha but she was slightly also more muscular.

Kyle looked at the dumbbells and realized that they were of two different weight classes, not only throwing his form off but also damaging his muscles ever so slightly, effectively affecting his potential gains.

"Shit…" Kyle said, immediately dropping the dumbbells to the ground upon realizing she was right but he knew that this was going to lead to a potential conversation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 85 - 85: Stranger In The Gym?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You must be new here; I haven't seen you here before," the lady pointed out, but Kyle was surprised by this statement because he had been coming here for a week.

There was no way that she wouldn't have noticed him if she was paying attention to who came here.

Kyle knew this could be her shooting her shot but that would be strange, women rarely approached men first so if she was doing this with him then how many others had she done it with? Kyle didn't choose a female trainer for a reason because he knew that the lines could easily be blurred if sex got in the mix.

It would only complicate things for him, but it wouldn't be such a bad idea to have a friend in the gym. Whatever workout she was doing was clearly working; otherwise, her body wouldn't be as toned as it was.

"Maybe you didn't look hard enough," Kyle showed a glimpse of his humour.

He still didn't know the woman's intention but reeled from his encounter with Cassandra, his mind couldn't help but wonder if this woman would feel differently.

"Maybe I didn't…" The lady responded with a smile before taking up the machine beside him.

"I hope you don't mind," The lady requested. Kyle shook his head to give her the go-ahead.

He didn't own the gym so she was free to do whatever she wanted, there was no reason for him to stop her.

"Go right ahead," Kyle responded to her. Getting up to change to the proper dumbbells or he risked looking like a deformed specimen with an arm being bigger than the other.

This was the last thing he wanted because it would be tricky to correct but Kyle didn't return to his original position and instead opted to gain some distance from the lady.

He continued to do his curls, he noticed that his muscles weren't as sore as when he first started and this was because his body was adjusting to the strain that came with working out.

Kyle did his reps for five more minutes before calling an end to that specific workout but his eyes involuntarily looked over at the lady that he had just spoken to only a few minutes ago.

She had a weight bar at the nape of her neck as she continued to do squats, one of her thighs was almost as big as both of Kyle's things joined together.

Kyle saw the sweat dripping down her lower back but he soon averted his gaze because he knew how his memory worked.

He went to the treadmill to exercise, he needed to burn some calories and this was also because it would tire him out.

But in no time, that same woman joined him as she took the treadmill beside him.

She was consciously making an effort to be in his immediate surroundings because this could no longer be a coincidence.

"She must have seen the car…" Kyle thought to himself, he realized that money would be a very good motivating factor for a woman to be this persistent.

Kyle was slowly realizing that he would be the ideal partner for every woman because he could grant them financial security.

And this also meant that women would advertise themselves to him all the more to get a piece of his wealth.

Kyle wasn't stupid but she did look good, that much he couldn't deny and she was mixed with curly afro black hair and light brown eyes.

Her tits weren't big but she managed to maintain her feminine frame despite being muscular akin to the famous lady on TikTok called Lean Beef Patty.

Kyle had his headphones and he didn't know if she would attempt talking to him but didn't want any inconveniences considering that he came here to get his mind off sex.

The last thing he would want would be a lady coming onto him who looked this good, he wouldn't be able to resist for long.

Kyle focused on his workout routine and was done in the next thirty minutes, he wasn't going to stay a second longer either.

He went to the locket to have a quick shower but he came up with a way to keep Aiysha oblivious, he had a change of casual clothes in his bag that he wore the moment he refreshed up so no one could guess he had been to the gym.

Kyle couldn't wait to conclude the business he had going on because that would allow him to truly enjoy his system but he noticed that it wasn't an interactive system.

It didn't speak to him or inform him of anything that he didn't directly ask for, which was how certain features functioned.

Kyle left the gym soon after, his body was sore but not to the degree where he couldn't move.

He got to his car and before he could drive off, he noticed that the lady that was in his space throughout was beside him.

"Are you following me?" Kyle questioned her but his tone was somewhat irritated because it felt like she was stalking him.

"Someone's full of themselves," The lady chuckled, Kyle realized that the car beside him belonged to her and she couldn't move out because he had parked poorly.

No, that wasn't right, she was the one who parked poorly as it was impossible for Kyle to have this skill deficiency. She came here after him because Kyle couldn't recall any car being there when he parked.

She parked in such a way that she needed him to pull out before she could exit the place, this was smart considering the car was not only expensive but it would give her a way to further the conversation.

"She has been watching me," Kyle thought to himself, it was all adding up a little too well.

He looked at the car and noticed it was on the high-end so she must be doing well financially, not everyone could afford a Tesla. Heck, this was his first time seeing one in person.

But how should he navigate this situation?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 86 - 86: Next Step In The Relationship?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle tried to end the conversation but he felt like the woman was testing him.

He sighed because he knew that he would run into her once again but this was an opportunity for him to scratch her car and pay for the damages.

That way, she would not only know that he could buy the very car she was trying to show off but there would be no lingering attachment after he had done so.

"Hey, did you park that way intentionally?" Kyle finally asked her, he hadn't moved yet.

"Why would you ask that? Are you saying women can't drive?" She questioned with a raised brow, her demeanour was different from the woman he met inside.

She was more aggressive and confrontational, he didn't know what was wrong with her but drama was the one thing he didn't have time for.

He was going to remove himself from the situation but only after putting her in her place.

"No, just you. You are clearly a bad driver if you can't even park right…" Kyle was blunt, he wasn't going to censor his words.

The most annoying thing about all of this was there were other places that she could have parked.

This was equivalent to a guy skipping multiple urinal stalls to take a piss right next to you.

" I'm just pulling your leg!" The lady burst out laughing but Kyle didn't find this amusing.

Quite the opposite, this was no joke and he wasn't in the mood either.

"Well, you're pulling the wrong one," Kyle fired back, words rolling off his tongue so smoothly, that one would think he was born with the grace of wooing women right from birth.

The lady winked suggestively and this confirmed that she had not only tried to get under Kyle's skin just for the fun of it but flirted with him.

Not a lot of things irritated Kyle but this was one of the few things that did, he hated people like this. He misjudged, she didn't want to interact with him because of his money because it was clear she was doing well for herself.

She wanted to because she was trying to humble him for some unknown reason, a pointless show of power.

Kyle left the place and headed back home to get some rest, he was exhausted as it was and needed the comfort of his bed.

He parked his car and noticed that Jones wasn't around, his car was missing after all but considering the project they were about to embark on, this was expected.

"Man, I can't wait to fucking sleep," Kyle said, he left his bag in the car.

He was beginning to wonder if the steps he was taking to avoid Aiysha were over the top because it was an inconvenience to him.

Kyle walked to his apartment but the one thing he dreaded came to pass, Aiysha was standing in the hallway but she hadn't seen Kyle yet.

This gave him the option to either turn and return to where he came from or carry on with his plan to get back into his apartment.

There was no telling what kind of interaction awaited him with Aiysha but he knew he could control the narrative of the conversation.

He quickly recalled all of his conversation with Aiysha but he wanted to see how she interacted with others to see if he was overthinking it.

If this was how she talked to everyone then it would make more sense and in turn, make Kyle less on guard around her.

"Oh Kyle, it feels like ages since we last spoke," Aiysha spotted him ruling out his chance to retreat.

"Haha! It does feel like forever. How have you been?" Kyle exchanged formalities with her and all Aiysha did was smile.

"I have been great and it looks like you have a part to play in that," Aiysha confessed.

Kyle already knew what she was referring to without asking and that was the money but he didn't want to go into details.

"I guess you're welcome but I need to get some rest now," Kyle said with a slight bow.

Aiysha couldn't further the conversation either because Kyle didn't give room for that.

"It looks like your little girlfriend has tired you out," Aiysha commented prompting Kyle to stop in his tracks.

"The walls aren't soundproof, you know," Aiysha added. Kyle was embarrassed by this but Aiysha couldn't see his face so she had no way of knowing this.

Kyle didn't say a word before finally making his way into his room and shutting the door behind him.

"Did I say something to upset him?" Aiysha muttered to herself, she realized that she had brought up a personal affair and discussed it like they were friends.

He wasn't the only tenant she had heard of having sex so why was he the only one she went out of her way to inform them about their fornication?

She should have kept her mouth and wondered if she had crossed a line that she wasn't supposed to.

"Damn it, what has gotten over me?" Aiysha thought to herself before returning to what she was doing.

-

Kyle sat on his bed before his back hit the soft cushion on his mattress and then his energy disappeared. He couldn't do anything else at the moment.

"So she heard us and thinks Calista is my girlfriend?" Kyle wondered but he didn't try to clear the air because maybe this would shut the door to the possibility that could develop feelings for him.

He wanted to get rid of Calista from his harem with the card he got from the lottery draw. Besides, getting rid of Calista from his harem wouldn't mean that his access to her would have to come to an end.

Calista was a good fuck and that was all she was good for. Kyle would have called her over but he was aware of the movie's production starting today.

He kept in contact with Yuki, Mr. Nakamura's assistant and he wasn't going to interfere with that.

It was time for Kyle to make a move on Jane and take their relationship one step further.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 87 - 87: Kyle & Jane.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was glad that things were turning out the way they did because he had no complaints whatsoever.

This was a phase in his life that he didn't know would be possible whatsoever as his future was bleak to the point he wished to end it all.

This was a moment to reflect on it all and he knew he had starved Jane enough as she would naturally crave to be in his presence right now.

Kyle also knew he had to be gentle, he couldn't treat her like he did Calista because he actually cared about Jane. If he treated her that way, there was no way that the dynamic of their relationship wouldn't change.

She was sweet and there was something pure about her that struck a resonance within Kyle that he couldn't quite explain but Kyle knew that this was the beginning of this adventure.

.The possibilities were endless and it was up to Kyle to pick the one that favored him the most.

He called Jane and it didn't even ring twice before it was picked up, like she was waiting for this call.

[[Kyle!]] Jane couldn't contain her excitement. She wasn't so awkward and shy around him even though there were residues of this behaviour.

"Someone sounds excited to hear my voice," Kyle fired back and he could hear a subtle giggle at the other end of the phone.

[[I am! I have been wanting to talk to you all day!]] Jane exclaimed like a child waiting to deliver good news to their loved one.

"Did something happen that you want to tell me about?" Kyle asked because there had to be a reason for this wave of excitement.

[[I'm just happy to h-hear your voice]] Jane stuttered and Kyle couldn't help but smile upon hearing this.

"Is that so? Tell me about your day," Kyle said, he wanted to invite her over but he found himself engaged in a conversation in a matter of moments.

Jane told Kyle how she spent her day, not leaving out a single detail and this included her outing with Mike. The moment Kyle heard Mike's name, he raised a brow but who was he kidding?

He had no power over her and she would do whatever she wanted regardless of what he said so all he could do right now was to let her do her thing and decide from there.

If anything, this would be a good chance to see how she was with other men and would allow him to know where he should scale her.

"You know what? How about you come over?" Kyle suggested and the moment Jane heard this, something got stuck in her throat and she began to cough.

[[Y-You want me to come over to your place?]] Jane repeated to make sure she heard what she heard.

"That is right, I want you to come over… You aren't the only one that misses the other," Kyle was sure to allow her to know her place in his life, to make her feel special.

[[A-Are you sure you want me to come over?]] And just like that, Jane was back to her timid self.

"That is right, I will come pick you up… No need to worry about clothes," Kyle said.

[[N-No need to worry about clothes? You mean…]] Jane stopped herself from completing the sentence and that was when Kyle realized what was going through her head.

"C'mon! You can't think that's what I meant!" Kyle called her out but he couldn't contain his laughter, she was so fucking precious.

[[I-I'm sorry!]] Jane was quick to apologize because she didn't want to sound like some pervert.

"It is fine. What I meant by that is that we will be staying in, so there is no need to worry about what you wear," Kyle reiterated, this time making himself clear.

The conversation soon ended with Jane declining Kyle's offer to come pick her up.

"Mike, it looks like you just might be a pain in the ass," Kyle muttered under his breath.

-

Jane was freaking out, she couldn't help but think about one thing even though her mind was innocent for the most part.

"I need to call Ella!" Jane freaked out, she immediately dialed her best friend.

[[Hello Jane? Are you good? I can't stay on the phone for long.]] Ella responded right away, Jane could hear noises in the background.

A collision of multiple voices but she still made time out to be there for Jane.

"IT IS KYLE! HE ASKED ME TO COME OVER!" Jane couldn't keep her voice down.

[[Wait, Kyle asked you to come over?]] Ella repeated.

"YES! AND I'M FREAKING OUT! WHAT IF HE WANTS TO HAVE SEX!?" Jane realized her voice was a bit too loud and quickly wrapped her hand around her mouth.

[[Relax Jane! Gosh!]] Ella almost chuckled the moment these words left her mouth.

"It isn't funny Ella! You know I am a…" Jane paused like someone was eavesdropping.

"....virgin," Jane whispered this single word but Ella knew her friend was overreacting.

This was her first experience with a man and she was glad that it wasn't with that pig, Mike.

[[It will be fine, Jane. Do not do anything you're uncomfortable with. And if you need anything, give me a call…]] Ella trusted Kyle to an extent but you could never be too sure the kind of faces people wore in public.

It could all be a form of deception to hide their darker nature but she felt a lot safer leaving Jane with Kyle than she did with Mike.

The call came to an end and the question of what she would wear soon crossed her mind.

Kyle said it didn't matter, but this only made her more subconscious about what she should wear.

She didn't want to overdress but at the same time, she didn't want to underdress.

She wanted to look good for Kyle but if this was going to be her first time, she wanted it to be memorable.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 88 - 88: Welcome To My Home, Jane.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle successfully persuaded Jane to come to his place but he knew that Aiysha might get the wrong impression should she see Jane but he didn't care.

All the more reason to have her over so he could change her perception of him and show her that he was just a man who liked to sleep around.

There was no two ways about it because his relationship with Jones had solidified.

He couldn't bring himself to do Jones like that but he also hoped that his wife was doing right by him.

But judging from their family, there was no reason why Aiysha would betray him as she had nothing to gain from this act.

She had two kids and a husband, it would be stupid to throw it all away just because of her desires.

Kyle lit one of the candles he was given to set the mood, the truth was he wasn't sure how the night would go either but that was a problem for later.

It took a little over thirty minutes, Jane shared her Uber details with him so he could track her location.

So he knew the moment she was at the front of his building, Kyle was already waiting for her.

She came out of the car and once again, paid for her ride herself.

This was the thing about Jane, she didn't shy away from the responsibility that came with being an adult.

Jane was so used to seeing Kyle fully dressed that she had no idea what he looked like at home.

Kyle had on a black singlet and shorts that dangled just above his knees

The short was loose allowing air to properly blow his balls, which gave him that much freedom.

Jane gulped because she couldn't help but think that today would be the day she lost her virginity.

Her heart was beating and the fact that Kyle looked so good made her heart flutter.

"Are you going to stand there forever?" Kyle asked her with a wild grin on his face.

Jane awkwardly walked towards him and wrapped her arms around his lower waist, burying her head into his chest.

Kyle stroked her hair gently, he noticed that she had on a short flare dress but it was shorter than he would have anticipated.

Not that he didn't like it but Kyle knew that she only wore this to look good for him.

The glasses seated on her face were different from the ones she had worn previously despite looking the same.

"I like these sets, did you wear them just for me?" Kyle questioned, momentarily breaking away from her embrace.

"Y-You noticed?" Jane responded, face flushed red.

"Of course I did and I must say…" Kyle paused while sweeping the strand of hair dangling in her face behind her ear.

"... You look stunning, Jane," Kyle maintained eye contact while saying this and Jane couldn't understand what she was feeling.

She had to look away immediately because it felt like Kyle was drawing her into an abyss she couldn't escape.

"You still can't hold my eyes, can you?" Kyle whispered.

"I-I can…" Jane tried her best to sound tough, looking Kyle in the eyes but once again looked away just as fast.

"You're so cute, I love that dress by the way…" Kyle made sure to compliment her and acknowledge the effort she put into looking good for him.

She didn't wear any makeup but she didn't need to, she was gorgeous.

Kyle held her hand and they walked to his apartment. Jane was glad that she came here because this was the first time she was going to his place.

This told her that Kyle no longer saw her as a stranger and was willing to take the next step with her.

She wasn't sure what they were but had no plans of asking him either as the wrong answer had the potential to ruin this moment.

She walked down the hallway and before she knew it, she found herself in his apartment.

Jane expected something over the top but it was a simple setting, there was nothing extravagant but it was well furnished.

At that moment, she realized that Kyle was a man who was down to earth, he had so much money but chose to live this humbly.

"Surprised?" Kyle asked Jane, he could tell that she was shocked by what she saw.

"I-It's not like that, I expected something more…" Jane paused.

"... Expensive," Kyle helped her complete his sentence.

Jane nodded her head frantically to confirm that this was the case.

"Please sit," Kyle asked her to which Jane did, she noticed that the air in the apartment was different.

It had a sweet scent that filled the room. Kyle didn't know how useful this candle would be but he wouldn't have any better time than now to use it.

"Hey Jane, come here for a minute," Kyle called her from his newly constructed kitchen.

Jane got up and went to him right away without a second thought.

She looked at Kyle, waiting for him to tell her why he called her but Kyle's gaze was focused on the stove. This inadvertently drew her attention to that same stove, she noticed that there was something cooking on it.

"Y-You cook?" Jane reeled back in shock but Kyle nodded to confirm that this wasn't mere suspicion.

"That is right and I want you to be the first to taste it. Come closer," Kyle gestured.

He learned how to cook from online videos, he could recall and retain every single thing he saw right down to the minute details.

Jane stood in front of Kyle and he dipped the wooden spoon into the stew on fire.

"Here, open up," Kyle told her and she did just that, Kyle tapped it on the tip of her tongue.

It was hot but the amount that Kyle gave her wasn't enough to burn her tongue.

Jane expected it to taste average but the moment it hit her taste buds, her eyes widened in shock.

"T-This is good! This is very good! You made this!?" Jane exclaimed like a child before her attention shifted to the stew, her mouth salivating.

"Maybe I shouldn't have allowed her to taste it…" Kyle thought to himself because Jane was looking at him with puppy eyes, she wanted more.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 89 - 89: A Day With Jane 1/3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jane was salivating, and Kyle knew he had to feed her. He couldn't say no to her, not when she was looking at him like that.

Kyle chuckled because, considering her personality, he didn't expect this reaction, but this only told him how good his food was if it made her act out of character.

"Fine, fine!" Kyle conceded and a bright crease on her innocent face.

It was funny because Jane was older than Calista, but she was clearly less exposed to certain things. That couldn't be helped, considering her reclusiveness.

Kyle served her a plate while the rest of the stew remained on the stove, cooking.

He served just enough to satisfy her immediate craving but not to fill her belly.

Kyle placed it on the table in the other room and Jane sat to eat.

Kyle returned to the kitchen to add a few more secret sauces but he couldn't help occasionally glancing over at Jane to see how she reacted.

Kyle had been complimented a lot recently but these were the little things that one couldn't lie about.

Jane didn't know he was watching her otherwise she wouldn't be eating like a zombie that finally got its hands on some brain.

Kyle smirked before shaking his head in disbelief.

"What's her deal," Kyle muttered but his voice could only be heard by him.

He left the kitchen two minutes later but Jane's plate was empty.

She looked embarrassed because this must not show Kyle that she was classy.

"I must either be a very good cook or you must be one hungry girl," Kyle joked about the situation.

He thought about ordering food, that would have been a much easier route but cooking for her had a better chance of establishing a core memory.

And the chances of a man ever doing this for her were exponentially low.

Kyle would never do this for Calista, she wasn't worth the effort in hindsight and there was no need to try to establish any sort of core memory with someone that could be bought.

"I-I enjoyed it, thank you," Jane whimpered, her hands clutching her dress.

"I'm glad to hear that, babe," Kyle responded but the moment she heard that word, babe.

The pace at which her heart beat not only increased but her body temperature rose alongside it.

"He just called me babe!" Jane thought to herself, frozen in place as Kyle took the plate seated in front of her and returned to the kitchen.

Jane immediately took out her phone and sent Ella a message to update her on how things were going with Kyle but she didn't get a reply right away.

That was expected because she had told her previously that she was busy.

Jane realized at that moment that she had to navigate through this situation alone.

She put her phone away and tried her best to calm those thoughts but this visit ended one way in her mind, that was sex.

It took a little over five minutes for the main dish to be prepared, this was stew and some steamed white rice that was to be eaten together.

Jane felt like she was in a restaurant where the owner was having her try out new recipes except this time she was being fed by a man she liked.

Jane didn't want to show him how she ate, men didn't like women who ate too much as it often is a representation of their lack of class.

This was the last thing she wanted Kyle to think of her, she had to be the best version of herself right now or she might ruin everything.

Kyle returned to the table with his servings for himself but his plate was much bigger than hers.

"A-Are you sure you can finish that?" Jane questioned.

"Finish? We are eating from the same plate…" Kyle responded before pushing the second plate to the side and drawing closer to Jane.

"S-Same plate?" Jane was confused because this was something that she had never done before.

"Yeah, I always saw my parents do this so let's eat," Kyle said and he knew that Jane would be self-conscious to eat her fill.

"Let's play a game," Kyle interjected before she could take a spoon.

"A game?" Jane repeated to which Kyle nodded to confirm this was the case.

"The one to eat the most will have their pick regarding the movie we watch," Kyle said with a hint of excitement.

He spoke to Jane throughout the week and managed to figure out certain details about her.

This included how much she hated horror movies because they terrified her to the point that she would have night terrors.

This gave her an excuse to eat her fill because she had a reason to do so.

Kyle began by taking a spoonful and in no time, Jane got into the rhythm as she began to eat.

However, she wasn't rushing the meal but neither was Kyle, they were savouring every taste.

Jane ate a lot; she had a body that didn't allow her to gain weight regardless of how much she ate.

This was the same with Kyle's body hence why he added some high-end protein to his meals even though that wasn't the case with this specific food.

They finished the first plate in no time and they were evenly matched, Kyle slid the second one in front of her.

"Are you ready for round two?" He asked and Jane responded by taking a spoonful.

"Look at Miss Competitive!" Kyle exclaimed before matching her energy.

This too was done in a few minutes but Kyle went all out, he didn't plan on letting her win which meant that she only won because she simply had a bigger stomach than Kyle.

Kyle was surprised that she ate that much but her stomach looked like it was about to rip through her dress.

This was why a flare dress was good, it gave her stomach freedom to expand without restricting her breathing but Jane's stomach wasn't the only one that suffered this fate because Kyle's stomach was just as big.

"I think we may have overdone it," Kyle commented and this made Jane laugh.

Sometimes, it felt like he was clueless because there was no way she would have eaten this much if he hadn't proposed the challenge.

Kyle looked at her stomach before looking at his.

Jane got a little self-conscious and her body language showed it as she subtly redirected her body to face away from Kyle.

She was a victim of bullying and even though she had grown out of that phase, trauma wasn't something people heal from that easily.

Kyle began to rub his stomach before gesturing for Jane to do the same.

Jane found this strange, she not only expected Kyle to order food for them but be eager to take off her clothes.

That's how it was with the movies and comics she had consumed. Men are portrayed as people that couldn't just wait to stick their penis into any hole.

They were in no condition to have sex either because they had eaten way too much and needed to wait for the food to digest properly or they risked getting a stomach ache.

This meant that the next course of action would be to watch television. Kyle had a smart TV so they could stream movies from Disney, and Netflix among other services.

Jane now had a choice to make and the pressure weighed on her shoulders because she could pick any show/movie but what if Kyle didn't like it?

She didn't know the kind of movies he liked because Kyle never gave a specific answer to this question plunging her into the dark.

"Marvel movies? He should like that, right? No.. He would have already seen them!" Jane thought to herself. Kyle noticed her panic but pretended not to as this would only make her panic all the more.

But he didn't need to speak because Jane made a decision, if they were going to watch any movie it would be one that she liked or they would be no use in her winning the eating contest.

"Oh my, isn't that…" Kyle muttered to himself but there was nothing wrong with the movie.

It was an R-rated movie but it was a romcom, one that he had heard about but never got around to watching.

Jane stiffened up the moment she hit play only to feel Kyle close the distance between them while wrapping his arm around her waist.

This felt different from when they kissed, maybe it was because the thought of sex was the only thing that she could think about at this moment.

She couldn't push it out of her head but that was one thing that couldn't happen in their current state giving her some peace of mind. Not because she didn't want it but because she was anxious about the act itself–it was her first time after all.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 90 - 90: A Day With Jane 2/3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The movie began and with Kyle's hand around her waist, she couldn't focus on the screen in front of her. She could only imagine that hand moving around her body and showing her that it was ready to take her.

"What has gotten into me!?" Jane thought to herself, she couldn't believe that this was even a thought in her head because there was something about this moment that made her mind go places.

It felt like a scene straight out of a movie and this was why she was scared because she knew that if Kyle's hand was to go a little higher then there was no telling what could happen.

She wasn't going to stop him, part of her hoped that he would, her body was craving it but she had to stay focused.

She snuck a look at Kyle and to her surprise, he was enjoying the movie on the screen because it had his full attention compared to her.

"Hahaha!" Kyle laughed out loud, the laugh was genuine and Jane couldn't help but smile at this sight.

Kyle wanted to be in the presence, that was it.

There was no other ulterior motive and Jane couldn't believe she was worried about something that might not even happen.

Kyle wasn't like other guys, he was interested in knowing her and this gave her a sense of importance because no one was interested in her.

Jane considered herself boring, she didn't have much to offer and didn't like the idea of being a liability so she tried her best to look after herself so no one else would be burdened with that responsibility.

Kyle noticed she was staring at him and poked her nose.

"Hey, you…" Kyle said softly and all Jane could do was smile sheepishly.

There was a twinkle in her ocean blue eyes and Kyle didn't need to be told that he had her wrapped around his fingers.

Jane returned her attention to the movie but she didn't understand why her body was this hot.

She couldn't contain her excitement and her body was telling her just what she subconsciously craved.

The reason she thought Kyle wanted sex was because she secretly craved it.

Kyle's hand firmly gripped her waist, not moving higher or lower as the movie progressed.

Kyle laughed once again alongside Jane, slowly forgetting the act that made her so self-conscious.

A sex scene soon appeared on the screen and this was when things got awkward, Kyle has never been ashamed of anything he does.

This included getting erections in front of others because it was one of those things, he didn't think too much about as his reaction determines how the situation is perceived.

However, Jane was the complete opposite, she began to act like a child when a sex scene came up on the screen in front of their parents.

She gulped and tried her best to maintain her composure but Kyle realized that this was making her uncomfortable but he wasn't the one going to bring it to her notice.

"Did he just…!" Jane thought to herself the moment she realized that his hand had moved an inch higher on her waist.

She swallowed but Kyle must have heard it because he moved an inch higher.

Kyle knew what he was doing, the scene was intense because the two characters began to make out aggressively.

He pinned her against the wall before flipping her, pushing her stomach against the wall with her ass pushed against his crotch.

Jane watched it, she could feel her heartbeat intensify because the sex was aggressive.

The man tried to slip his cock into the woman but a knock at the door stopped them, breaking up the scene but the damage was already done.

Jane's temperature shot up, she couldn't believe that such a scene came up, she should have chosen a movie that was PG13.

She snuck a glance at Kyle and all she saw was a smile on his face.

"H-He enjoys this kind of thing?" Jane thought he would be embarrassed but that smile on his face told her otherwise.

"Oh shoot, they didn't even get to the best part…" Kyle muttered like he was talking to himself despite knowing damn well that she could hear him.

This was his plan to draw her in and it worked, there was no way that Jane wouldn't pay attention to him in such a tense situation.

"Do you want us to help them complete it?" Kyle asked but he didn't even turn to look at Jane begging the question of who he was talking to.

Jane was confused but he had to be talking to her, there was no one else there.

"C'mon Jane! Be brave!" Jane thought to herself, she wanted to do more than just sit awkwardly.

But she took too long to open her mouth because Kyle laughed once again at the scene that showed up on the screen.

"I have to say, this is a good movie!" Kyle exclaimed, he didn't want to move too fast and make her uncomfortable.

The last thing he wanted was for her to do something she felt she HAD to do and not because she wanted to do it.

"Y-Yes it is," Jane muttered, clutching the helm of her dress even tighter.

"Hm… She's burning up," Kyle thought to himself but that only made him increase AC to make the room even colder.

He knew why she was hot but Kyle once again didn't want to jump the gun, he knew how important the lead-up was to these things.

Kyle needed to put on a performance to make her want it, if she was as inexperienced as she was then he needed this to be a moment she remembers for the rest of her life.

The AC was a strategic move to get her to come closer and she did in a little over ten minutes.

There was nothing wrong in this act in itself considering the nature of their relationship and this could be considered cute as opposed to manipulative not that the technical term mattered.

The way she pushed up against him, one would think she was trying to merge with Kyle but Kyle could smell the pheromones escaping the layers of her skin.

"She smells so good…" Kyle thought to himself and this wasn't because of the candle scene in the air.

Kyle slid his hand on her lap, she couldn't believe that this was happening.

"Is he making his move!?" Jane thought to herself, her heart beating even faster.

Kyle began to run his hand up and down her thigh, he didn't go too high.

"W-What is this feeling!?" Jane had never felt anything like this before but she could feel herself begin so aroused that she was soaking through her panties.

She had to bite her lower lips to keep herself under control but did so in a way that Kyle couldn't see her.

The movie continued and another sex scene soon popped up, Jane immediately pictured her and Kyle in that situation.

The man wasn't rough this time, he was gentle. He planted kisses on her neck down to her navel before spreading her legs to eat her out.

Jane's grip momentarily gripped Kyle's clothes a lot harder than she would have liked but this time, she didn't look away.

She watched the scene and could feel the lust slowly overcome her, the way the actress moaned and pulled him in deeper.

She wondered if it felt that good and this was when Kyle's hand began to move higher under the flare dress.

Jane didn't know what to do but she found herself slowly spreading her legs even though Kyle didn't reach that high.

She wanted him to and her body was responding to his touches even though she didn't want it to.

Jane tried to adjust but in doing so, brushed against Kyle's crotch. She felt his cock, just for a second before quickly removing it.

"THAT WAS HIS…!" Jane was on the verge of freaking out. It was so hard, she didn't even want to imagine what it would feel like inside her.

Kyle kept caressing her thighs and she was about to lose her mind.

"You can touch it if you want," Kyle whispered to her.

He was soft-spoken and Jane was too self-conscious to do anything.

She had never held one before and didn't even know what to do the moment she grabbed it.

It wasn't some gaming joystick even though she had seen some sexual acts online to have a general idea but that was all that knowledge was.

Jane knew it was now or never yet she froze.

"You're a virgin?" Kyle questioned and her face went even redder, she looked like a tomato.

"H-How did you know…" Jane asked.

You didn't need to be a rocket scientist to put things together.

"You don't have to worry about anything Jane. I will take care of both your body and your soul. All you have to do right now is trust me with it," Kyle reassured her.

His hand moved past the previous limits he had set for himself and it was only a matter of time before Jane crumbled.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 91 - 91: A Day With Jane 3/3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle's finger glides sensuously along Jane's slippery folds, his touch sending tingles racing through her nervous system with his face inching closer to hers. Her lips quivered, waiting for his lips to claim hers.

Jane closed her eyes the moment Kyle was mere inches from her face, puckering up her lips to receive his but it never came.

Instead, she felt a wet kiss on her neck, it felt like her body was on fire.

"You taste so damn good.. I wonder if it is the same.." Kyle whispered, stopping himself mid-sentence.

Jane covered her face, she was ashamed because Kyle had just caught her, wishing the ground would open up and swallow her whole.

He curled his fingers deep inside her. Jane writhes beneath him, overcome by the intense sensation radiating from her throbbing pussy.

Kyle began to grind his palm roughly into her plump mound as his fingers began to move chaotically within her, stroking her G-spot relentlessly.

"Moan for me, my little pervert. Let me hear all those pretty noises I know you can make..."

Jane bit her lip harshly, muffling the wanton cries threatening to escape her lips.

"Y-You're not - unhnnn! - p-perverted~!"

"No, Kyle, w-wait~!" Jane pleaded breathlessly, but it was futile. Kyle abruptly withdraws his drenched fingers and brings them to his mouth, swirling her juices around his tongue obscenely.

"It tastes even better down here," Kyle smirked.

Kyle's finger slowly pumped into Jane's sopping pussy, stretching her little cunt open.

"You really are perfect," Kyle gave her a compliment, feeding into her weakness for praises. He licked his lips as he savored the sweet nectar dripping down his fingers.

Her slick walls clenched desperately around his index finger, trying to pull him deeper.

"P-please, don't teas-!... Ahhhhnnn~" Jane whined pathetically, squirming as she felt her body betray her, growing wetter with each word spilling from Kyle's mouth.

The dual stimulation of his fingers in her dripping hole and his other hand pushing down on her abdomen was quickly becoming too much for her to handle. Jane knew she wouldn't last much longer. Her plush rear jiggled and her toes curled as she feared that her mind would cease to function at this rate.

Jane had no idea when her hands left her face and grabbed the arm that was fingering her but the sensation soon dilapidated.

Kyle chuckled as he lowered his head between her thighs, Jane's breathing was heavy with her nipples stiff as a nail, now visible through her flare dress that Kyle hadn't taken off her.

The moment Kyle's finger was in her, she had momentarily forgotten how to breathe but only if she knew awaited her next.

"W-What are you doing!?" Jane couldn't complete her sentence because all Kyle did in response was smile before spreading her thighs apart and taking off her panties.

"D-Don't….!" Jane tried to stop him but before she could, his tongue made its way into her as if it belonged to Venom. Jane couldn't believe the pleasure.

"Ah~!" Jane's voice echoed before she clasped her mouth shut. She couldn't believe such sounds were coming out of her mouth but Kyle's tongue invaded her innards, twirling within her but this wasn't all, the suction that he induced made it almost impossible for Jane to compose any sensible word.

She bit her finger to keep the voice in but once again, Kyle showed her that what she wanted and what her body craved were two different things.

He momentarily brought out his tongue from one of the juiciest holes it had been in before sucking her clitoris lightly but this was when Jane lost it.

Jane didn't know foreplay could be this intense and amazing even though all he had used was his tongue and a finger.

"Ahhh… Something is coming…~!" Jane warned Kyle but he didn't stop or slow down.

Kyle kept the rhythm and momentum and there was nothing to be done at this rate because Jane had an orgasm with Kyle's tongue still in her.

But this wasn't the same as when she went solo.

The feeling felt like her brain was about to combust, and her entire energy left her body, which collapsed against the couch.

"Now that's what I call a dessert," Kyle said with a mocking smirk, he could have gone further but he knew that Jane wasn't ready to lose her virginity.

She craved it but Kyle knew that the conditions to take them for him hadn't been met yet.

This should do, at least for today that is.

-

Calista finished rehearsing with Lorenzo and they were more comfortable with their roles.

The official production was in the coming days and Calista was surprised by the pay.

The pay was a good indication that this movie was anything but average.

Lorenzo left her vicinity and the first scene was about to be shot, they waited patiently for the supporting actors and actresses to finish their shots.

There was no telling what kind of movie this would be because the last-minute change to the script made things unpredictable, and there was no telling what other scenes would be added.

Calista was thinking that they planned to include a nude scene in it otherwise the pay she was receiving made no sense considering she wasn't even popular or experienced.

She wanted to take a different approach to this acting thing but there was nothing that she could do if this was what they wanted from her.

Calista was a beautiful lady and there was no secret that sex sells in the industry regardless of gender.

Women and men are sexualized in the industry, the only difference is women are the ones that complain the most about it.

Calista wasn't comfortable with the silence from Lucas and needed to make sure that this wasn't the case.

She decided to give Lucas a visit but he wasn't anywhere to be seen.

The only logical place for him to be would be his office but Calista knew it would be risky to be alone with him.

She couldn't get a read on him and had to be careful but this unease, she had to get it off her chest.

This was why she made the decision to go to his office.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 92 - 92: What Are We?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Calista took an important step in her career but she was worried about Lucas because he had the power to make certain decisions regarding the script.

There was no doubt that he was the one that added the kissing scene but she hoped that this was all that would be added.

Calista wanted a clean slate, she was a beautiful woman who knew the industry weaponized sex to drive up their sales.

This wasn't just directed at men but women as well except that it was women that tended to complain about this portrayal rather than men.

Men didn't care too much about this but Calista wanted a clean slate, there was no reason for this movie to get sexual.

And if he was unable to sleep with her, then he might just make her get naked in the movie so he gets to see her naked either way.

This would rub her the wrong way but there was nothing she would be able to do if this was the case. Even though she didn't know how she would feel about it, even some of the greatest celebrities have been nude in their movies.

The pay was worth it and Calista wasn't sure she would decline the role either way considering a contract had been signed.

She made her way into his office with Lucas' secretary ushering her in.

Lucas was the only one that had an office, the others used makeshift offices showing the difference in their status.

"Calista Wave, what can I do for you?" Lucas asked, typing away at the laptop in front of him.

"Luca-!" Calista was interrupted with a raised finger.

"I prefer sir," Lucas informed her without looking up. Calista realized that he had reestablished his authority, taking away any formality that was granted by their earlier interactions.

"Sir, I have come to ask about the change in script," Calista requested but Lucas didn't once look at her.

"What about it? You don't get paid to question the script," Lucas reminded her of her role because he knew that regardless of the altercations he made to the scene, as long as it complimented the overall nature of the film then there was no reason why it should be questioned.

"That isn't what I meant sir…" Calista responded; she didn't know what else to say.

She knew it wouldn't be smart to get on his nerves.

"Besides, I have seen the movies you have acted in, don't pretend like kissing is above you," Lucas shot these words at her. Calista wasn't hurt by this, she made this decision at that point in her career and had no regrets.

"I don't mind the altercations to the scene because it brought out the relationship between the characters that resonates with the audience so if anything, you showed your genius with that subtle change and made the movie into a masterpiece. That is all I wished to say," Calista lied, she wanted to ask him why he made the change but Lucas wasn't as friendly as she thought.

And finally, Lucas looked up at her, men and their fragile egos.

Calista knew how to manipulate them and Lucas was like any other man who was burdened with the need for external validation for their 'genius'

"That is the first smart thing you have said since you entered my office. If that is all, you may leave," Lucas' attention returned to his laptop.

Calista knew she had dodged a bullet, the last thing she would want was to get on his bad side.

There was no telling what the future held but she wanted to have all the cards to give her career the boost.

She left the office after saying nothing but massage his ego and she hated it, she wished she could confront him and tell him it was unprofessional to adjust the script without informing anyone else.

But as Calista was walking out. Lorenzo was going in as they both gave each other a nod.

-

Kyle allowed Jane to feed on some leftovers but she was too tired to do anything else at the moment.

She just wanted to lay in bed with him and this was a wish that Kyle granted her.

"Kyle…" Jane wanted to speak but she was hesitant, she didn't know what the outcome of this conversation would be.

"Are you alright?" Kyle questioned, his hand wrapped around her torso with the other acting as a pillow on which she placed her head on.

Even if it did cut off blood circulation, it was worth it for now because he knew that Jane had just taken a very important step with him.

Aftercare was just as important as the act itself and this was Kyle trying his best to make her feel like she wasn't alone.

"I-I'm fine… I just…" Jane stopped herself once again but Kyle could only imagine how intense her feelings were for him if she granted him access to her body in this manner.

He knew that this was something special for her, it was her first experience with a man.

"It is fine, Jane. I enjoyed myself and I'm glad you trusted me enough to take this step with me," Kyle reassured her.

Jane was facing away from him so he couldn't see the smile that crept up on her face.

"I-I really really like you, Kyle and I'm scared that this isn't as real for you as it is for me," Jane confessed, laying bare her vulnerability and saying something she would have thought too much about.

She couldn't believe she had said it but it was one of those things that had to be said because she wanted to know where she stood with Kyle.

Kyle understood her concern, it would be strange if she didn't want to know after what they had just done.

"Look at me," Kyle instructed her to which Jane readjusted herself to face him.

He brushed her hair behind her ear because Kyle knew he felt something for Jane even though it wasn't as deep as what she felt for him.

"Touch my chest," Kyle guided her hand and she placed her hand firmly on his chest.

It was beating like crazy and Jane was surprised that it was this erratic.

"That's what you do to me, Jane. I can tell you without doubt, that this is real for me," Kyle reassured before kissing her forehead.

Jane flashed him a full teeth smile before snuggling up on him, this was all she needed to hear.

To know what she felt wasn't one-sided.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 93 - 93: Why? Because I Can.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jones had drawn up the quota but with the money and project that he was about to undertake.

It wouldn't be strange to quit his job and focus entirely on the renovation of the apartment because of the shortage of housing.

There was no doubt that this would give him the financial freedom he had sought all of his life because the entire building would be accessible and ready to be rented.

He sat in his office but there was a loud argument outside. Jones liked giving his workers a chance to squash the arguments with their customers without having to appear and undermine them.

He knew how troublesome certain customers were and the only reason they would want to see the manager was to undermine the workers.

However, this was a situation that called for his attention as evidenced by his worker informing him of the trouble outside his walls.

Jones was reluctant but eventually gave in and went out to confront the person making so much noise.

"Hello ma'am, can I help you?" Jones questioned with a broad smile on his face, they didn't have too many customers but even they looked irritated by the woman causing a commotion.

And there was only one reason this would happen, she was in the wrong.

"ARE YOU THE MANAGER!? YOU ARE DOING A VERY BAD JOB! YOUR WORKERS ARE RUDE AND I FOUND A ROACH IN MY BURGER! ISN'T THAT RIGHT, VINCENT!?" The lady barked and the man beside her was the same man that Calista had brought to the shop.

"Sir, I'm afraid that we have found this and I'm sure this would mean that our meals are on the house as well as some compensation or we might sue. I apologize for her behaviour but unlike me, she took a bite out of hers," Vincent said.

The most ridiculous part of this was that it was simply a fast food joint, anybody could afford the meal.

This had to be some sort of scam but Jones wasn't going to let them have their way because they had disrespected his workers.

"If she apologizes, I might be willing to consider this offer but I assure you, there are no bugs in our food. If you could show me, that would be helpful" Jones informed Vincent.

But this was going to be a problem, she went off and ran her mouth so apologizing now would hurt not only her ego but pride.

"YOU THINK THIS IS A JOKE!?" The lady barked but Jones wasn't having any of this.

The fact that they provided a service didn't make them any less than the people they offered this service to.

Vincent knew at that moment that Jones wasn't going to crack, he kissed his teeth in irritation before paying and leaving the shop. If there were indeed bugs in their food then it would be cooked to the degree that the meals served were but Jones knew this wouldn't be the case should he examine the food. Vincent picked up on this.

This was a scam his agency ran to extort money from businesses, he wasn't a police officer despite the badge he had shown Kyle earlier.

He knew right from the moment he set eyes on Kyle that he was going to be an easy target.

People who had no or little attachment to life were the fastest set to scam because they had nothing to truly live for.

There was no telling what could have happened if Kyle fought back, there was a high chance that Calista would have spent some time in jail but with the chips against him, that was unlikely.

The fact that AI could be discerned with simple applications would have made even a little resistance worth it.

But then again, Kyle would never have awakened his system so it all worked out.

Vincent, however, saw no weakness in Jones. Normally, restaurants would give the customer a free meal and maybe a limited time where they could enjoy discounts or eat for free.

After all, the customer was always right, weren't they? Not to Jones.

Everyone began to hail him, even the customers that were eating, this made Jones embarrassed as he simply waved it off.

-

Ella's career was beginning to take off, she had the option to select a new band with more talented individuals to truly bring out her skills but she chose to stick with her original band.

There was no doubt that starting a new band from scratch would have been a lot easier but Ella wasn't the only one who had sacrificed something to make this work.

She knew deep down that this was something they all wanted and there was no way she was going to deny them when they were at the cusp of their dream.

She noticed that Jane had stopped texting her and this gave her peace of mind because it meant that she was done worrying about the little things.

She was rehearsing for their new song. Ella knew it had to be a hit because it was the song that they were going to use to introduce themselves to the world.

There was no chance for any fuck up.

"Are you sure you can keep going?" The drummer asked but Ella nodded, he knew that she couldn't push herself too hard because the song they were rehearsing was hard on her vocals.

They couldn't risk her damaging them considering she was the one that got them this opportunity. If she was gone then the opportunity would go with her.

But who were her band members? Alexa and Dwayne were the guitarists with Rex being the drummer that controlled the momentum of the beat.

The role of a backup singer was never optional because she didn't need the band relying on anyone but her.

However, this would no longer be possible because the band was about to become bigger than herself and this was why Ella was pushing herself this hard.

"O-One more time…" Ella managed to say and they went once more.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 94 - 94: Mike's Secret?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle went to take a shower, he wasn't planning to go anywhere but he also knew how important it was to stay hygienic considering what they had just done.

Jane gave him an experience that he didn't know was still possible because he could give some emotional attachment to these sexual activities, unlike his experience with Calista.

Kyle was glad that Jane came but realized that he had to treat her delicately.

He wanted to take her out but knew he couldn't get too attached as this was a recipe for disaster.

They weren't official but he admitted that he liked her even though he knew it might give the wrong impression.

Thankfully, the shower didn't turn off midway through his shower this time.

Kyle stepped out and saw that Jane was fast asleep.

She must still be tired and he couldn't blame her, he didn't know what to do at that moment but his life was in all having a purpose outside of himself.

But Kyle's phone soon beeped, he looked down at it and realized it was a text from Ella.

"She must be worried about Jane," Kyle thought to himself but he decided to step outside for some fresh air which he called her.

"Hello Ella, how're you?" Kyle began the conversation, Ella was surprised he called because she didn't want to interrupt whatever he had going on with Jane if she was still there.

[[Kyle, hi! I'm good, I'm just a bit worried about Jane,]] Ella confessed.

There was no point in lying, especially in a situation like this.

"She's asleep. She ate far too much," Kyle responded, omitting the sexual act that they engaged in.

That wasn't his story to tell because he knew that Jane would eventually alert Ella about the act that just transpired.

[[She always couldn't say no to food.]] Ella responded with a giggle. She was glad that Jane had found someone else outside of her to help experience life.

Ella knew she was hurting Jane even though Jane had never implied it.

Ella was aware that Jane felt responsible for her and if anything should happen to her, there was no doubt that Jane would blame herself so she was glad that her best friend now had a support system.

Ella didn't know what else to say, she wasn't mentally prepared for a conversation.

"Your voice… It sounds strange," Kyle pointed out.

Once again, showing his observant nature.

[[Haha! I just have a little cold.]] Ella lied because the last thing she wanted was to be scolded by Kyle.

"Are you sure?" Kyle asked sternly, giving her a chance to come clean if she was lying.

[[I promise you, I'm good.]] Ella reassured him but she was worried about one thing.

[Hey Kyle…]] Ella continued with a tinge of hesitance lingering in her voice.

"Yeah?" Kyle responded.

[[Be careful of Mike.]] Ella warned. Ella knew that Jane could take care of herself but Jane was a lady who would rather believe the good in people and this makes her naive to a great degree because evil surfaces in the most unlikely places.

"Mike? Is there something I should know?" Kyle questioned.

[[That is right. He has feelings for Jane but she never reciprocated; there is something that you need to know.]] Ella said. She was hesitant to reveal this information.

"What is it, Ella?" Kyle asked, but he was beginning to sound concerned because he hoped that Jane had told him everything he needed to know.

[[Mike has been arrested for sexual assault in the past but the charges were dropped..]] Ella stopped herself from revealing what she truly wanted to say.

"You think he did it, don't you?" Kyle asked.

[[Yes… But Jane, she chose to believe otherwise.]] Ella pointed out.

Kyle's instincts were spot on, he knew that there was something wrong with Mike but he didn't know it was this severe.

"Hahaha! That does sound like her but she is safe. I can promise you that I won't let anything happen to her," Kyle reassured Ella but he was glad that Ella revealed this piece of information to him.

[[Thank you Kyle… For everything, I don't know how you found Jane but I'm glad that it was you who found her.]] Ella showed her gratitude.

Kyle smiled, he didn't know that his relationship with Jane held such significance but then again, it was because of him that this was possible.

Ella had a shot at a musical career because of him and this was something that she wasn't going to take for granted.

"Thank you, Ella, this means a lot coming from you. I have to go now, I can't have her wondering where I ran off to," Kyle informed Ella and she chuckled at the other end.

[[You're right, she is a klutz after all.]] Ella teased her best friend even though it could be interpreted differently. There was no reason for her to be jealous of her friend when she was benefitting from the relationship as well.

The phone call came to an end but the smile on Kyle's face slowly disappeared.

He knew that Mike was a nuisance but knew he had to be more careful around him.

There was no telling what he would do to Jane but he wasn't going to give him a chance to hurt her.

Kyle heaved a frustrated sigh because he knew he had to take care of Mike but he saw how strong Mike looked.

If it did escalate into a physical brawl, he would be beaten to a fucking pulp but they had to be other means a man of his status could take care of Mike.

"Mike, I think it is time for you to go," Kyle thought to himself, placing his phone in his pocket but not before checking if Cassandra had unblocked him.

He didn't know why he was checking to begin with considering it was for the best that he was blocked and it didn't matter either way because she hadn't.

Kyle found himself wanting that forbidden fruit now more than ever.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 95 - 95: Dark Temptation.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was taken aback by the information told to him by Ella because this was something he felt he should have been told by Jane. But then again, it wasn't his business in hindsight seeing as they didn't have any defined relationship.

She presented Mike as someone harmless but that was far from the case.

Kyle wasn't going to let him have his way and he returned to his room with Jane still sleeping or at least that was the illusion she gave.

Her phone was on the table, charging but Kyle noticed that she had no passcode on it.

A lesser man would have gone through her phone to see the kind of conversation that she was having with Mike but Kyle wasn't threatened by him.

Kyle knew that Mike was hanging around like some pathetic dog hoping for a piece of the cake but Jane wasn't stupid enough not to see through this or at least he hoped.

Jane adjusted on the bed and Kyle realized that she was awake or at least, about to wake up.

He walked up to the side of her bed but this showed how deceptive Kyle was.

It looked like she was asleep but Kyle knew that she was in that semi-sleep state and could hear the words that were about to come out of his lips.

"God, you're beautiful," Kyle said to her but this was one of those things you'd see in romance movies where the man is admiring the beauty of his sleeping partner.

Kyle knew he had to play into that romantic notion and the moment he looked away, a smile creased Jane's face.

However, the doorbell soon rang and Kyle walked out to see who it was considering that he didn't have visitors.

But there was a chance that it was Calista, she knew where he lived however she should know better than to visit unannounced.

Jones wasn't around too so it couldn't be him considering he was just coming from outside.

So that narrowed it down to one more person, that was Aiysha, this was the last thing that he wanted to see right now.

Aiysha should be at work, she had no reason to stay home but he didn't know about her schedule.

Kyle checked the peephole and saw it was indeed Aiysha, he kissed his teeth in irritation because she had seen him with Calista so seeing him with Jane would shape how she viewed him.

The last he needed was for her to see him as some sort of playboy or it risked destroying the boundaries he was trying his best to set.

Kyle looked back and saw that she wouldn't even be able to see Jane should she get in so there was no need to worry.

He opened his door and noticed that Aiysha was distracted by her phone for a few seconds before even realizing that Kyle had opened the door.

She was used to the creaking door that was once there and was still adjusting to this change.

"Oh! Hi Kyle, I can't believe I didn't even know you opened the door," Aiysha greeted, putting her phone away immediately.

"It happens to the best of us," Kyle downplayed her embarrassment but he wanted to know why she was here.

"Well, can I come in or is there some lady in there with you?" Aiysha teased him but Kyle knew he couldn't encourage such behavior.

"Is there something you need? I'm quite busy now," Kyle responded; shutting down her attempt at humour.

Aiysha's smile slowly disappeared from her face as she awkwardly cleared her throat.

Kyle hated doing this to her but he would rather hurt her feelings than betray Jones.

"Oh, I'm sorry for the inconvenience but there is something I have been wanting to discuss with you, is now a good time?" Aiysha asked.

Kyle couldn't help but notice that she always wore revealing clothes to show off her toned body and he had this overwhelming urge to rip them off her.

"Now isn't the right time but I will give you a call when my schedule clears up," Kyle responded but he noticed that Aiysha was trying to look past him.

"What is her problem?" Kyle thought to himself, what he does with his life should be none of her business so why was she suddenly getting nosey?

"That will work for me," Aiysha responded with a polite smile, Kyle averting his gaze.

Those damn fucking eyes, Kyle hated that he couldn't maintain her contact with her for too long.

Kyle's eyes couldn't help but look at her ass, it was bouncing all over the place despite the leggings she had on seemingly restricting the motion.

But this was where he made a mistake because Aiysha looked back and caught him staring at her ass. Kyle noticed that his eyes had lingered for a little too long and quickly looked away before shutting the door behind him.

"Fucking hell Kyle! Get it together!" Kyle thought to himself.

He had to get his thoughts under control but he looked back and saw that Jane was all dressed up.

"Hey sleepyhead, welcome back to the land of the living," Kyle greeted her and Jane flashed an innocent smile in response.

"Hi…" Jane muttered but she was flushed red, recalling what had happened a few hours ago.

She couldn't believe that Kyle had done that to her and needed to return to her personal space to process everything that had happened.

Kyle could tell she was ready to leave but he couldn't let her yet because he didn't want Aiysha to see her.

"Are you ready to go?" Kyle asked and Jane nodded to confirm this was the case but Kyle shook his head.

"That won't do, allow me to make you dinner," Kyle requested, his conversation with Ella confirmed that food was her weakness.

There was no way she would say no and Kyle was right because Jane accepted in a heartbeat.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 96 - 96: New Or Old Feature?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The day came to a natural end with Jane leaving much later in the evening, Kyle offered to drop her off at her place but Jane declined.

There was no need for him to go to such lengths after everything he had done for her.

She called an Uber and Kyle said his goodbye with a soft kiss on the lips before sending her on her way but Kyle was relieved that she was gone for some reason.

He needed time to recharge, his mental capacity wouldn't be able to handle it as he was already overstimulated.

Kyle was glad with how his day panned out, he noticed that Calista hadn't been in contact but he wasn't losing her so there was no need to worry about this lack of communication.

He had the power to get rid of anyone in his harem and knew he couldn't waste it.

Kyle was saving it for a truly terrible situation, Calista was a bitch but she was good in bed.

He was worried about her which was weird, Kyle couldn't help but feel bad about it.

"System, what are your other functions? Can you help me out here?" Kyle knew there had to be more to his system if it had the power to influence reality.

There was something that soon appeared on his cyan screen to show that his system could help out with his predicament.

[Gathering information…]

[Loading 55%!]

[Loading 89%!]

[Loading 99%!]

[Information gathering complete!]

[Would you like to see the information regarding Cassandra?

[YES][NO]?

"Yes," Kyle responded to his system without hesitation because she had gone quiet and off the radar, all he needed to know was if she was alright or not.

[Displaying information…]

[Name: Cassandra Newman…]

[Age: 33…]

[Status: Alive…]

[Relationship Status: Unknown…]

"Relationship status, unknown? That is strange…" Kyle thought to himself, doubting his system's accuracy but he was surprised that it was able to gather this much information about her.

Kyle knew that he needed more information about how his system got this information in the first place and that was what he asked.

[The host gathers information on his partners through copulation.]] The cyan screen informed him about this important piece of information.

"So how did you gather information about Jane when she entered my harem?" Kyle questioned with a raised brow.

[The host had activated the affection bar of said person but that only grants access to basic information. However, the more times you copulate, the more information you gather.]

Kyle realized that this made sense, that was why it was able to discern her age but he wanted to know how much information it could provide.

Kyle also wanted to know why he was just finding out about this feature as well, it felt like it just spawned out of thin air.

But he knew that asking it would be a waste of time as it would only give a generic response.

"Display the information about Calista Wave…" Kyle realized that this could save him a lot of headaches if he could find a way to harness this skill.

He thought the system was all about money but apparently, it was a combination of multiple skills that made up its base ability.

[Gathering information…]

[Loading 23%!]

[Loading 78%!]

[Loading 99%!]

[Information gathering complete!]

[Would you like to see the information regarding Calista Wave?]

[YES][NO]?

Kyle pressed [YES] and prayed to God that he wouldn't regret this decision, this was the equivalent of going through your girl's phone but this was on a more personal level.

Kyle couldn't believe he was doing this but he needed to know the full potential of this system.

[Displaying information…]

[Name: Calista Wave…]

[Age: 21…]

[Blood Type: AA…]

[Occupation: Model, Actress, Singer…]

[Body Count: 5…]

[Status: Alive…]

[Affection bar: 100%...]

[Relationship Status: Taken…]

[Current Location: XXX-XXX-XXX…]

Kyle's jaw dropped, he couldn't believe he could not only see her current location but her body count as well. It was way lower than he would have expected considering the kind of lady she was.

He expected her to have over at least twenty yet it was just five? That was absurd but Kyle knew he had no reason to doubt his system even if he doubted the information displayed.

His eyes darted around her location and he realized that he could keep tabs on her at all times even though it was probably because she was in his harem.

This was one of the most convenient skills because it would allow him to protect them should the need arise. Kyle realized that the system was introducing new skills that encouraged him to push the boundaries of his relationships with these women.

The thing about this system was that it didn't force Kyle to do anything he didn't want to.

There was no penalty for refusing to participate in these activities and even with a 10X rebate system, it was enough to set him up for life.

But no one would be satisfied with that if there was a possibility to make their life even easier.

Kyle knew that with the information that Ella had revealed about Mike, it wouldn't hurt to have vital information about Jane but there was only one way that was happening.

He had to take her virginity but that might not be enough to save her from Mike should he attempt to do something to her.

Kyle did all of this while standing outside, staring blankly ahead like he was trapped in some sort of illusion done by Itachi.

"Are you okay?" The voice of a child asked, Kyle looked to his left and realized it was Clarissa.

"Of course I am, why would you say that?" Kyle questioned with an awkward smile.

"You have the same look as Papa when he's alone," Clarissa said prompting Kyle to recoil at that statement.

"Huh?" He thought to himself but the truth was that Kyle's life had turned around for the better.

That emptiness in his heart remained but the concerning thing about this was that Clarissa saw through him with a single glance.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 97 - 97: Uncle Kyle.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle didn't know what Clarissa was doing alone outside or what she meant with her earlier statement but she was a kid.

Kyle knew he had to be overthinking this situation, there was no way that a kid could see through him when no one else could but that was only because his mask had slipped.

"What are you doing out here either way, shouldn't you be at home?" Kyle responded but Clarissa sat at the entrance without saying a word.

"Earth to Clarissa…" Kyle responded but he could tell that she was sad and needed someone to talk to even though she didn't specifically search for him.

Kyle sat beside her and noticed that she was staring into the distance, as she would rather be anywhere but here.

Kyle always assumed Jones was a happy man with the perfect family but the words that came out of Clarissa's mouth implied otherwise.

"Mommy and Daddy are fighting again," Clarissa confessed, burying her head between her legs.

"Again?" Kyle thought. This was the first time that he heard they fought.

He knew that every couple fought, that much was certain because a relationship without conflict isn't a healthy one.

Kyle knew he had to be careful with what he said because this was a child and he wasn't aware of what she had been exposed to.

"Did your parents fight a lot, Mister Kyle?" Clarissa asked, momentarily lifting her head to look at him.

Kyle hated talking about his family but this wasn't about him, it was about Clarissa.

"I think people fight when they care about each other…" Kyle started, staring off into the distance.

"What do you mean? Fighting is bad," Clarissa responded but Kyle expected that much.

Children are taught things in such a black-and-white manner that he couldn't blame her for her view.

"Hahahah! I understand why you might think that but tell me, Clarissa, don't you fight too?" Kyle questioned her to which Clarissa gave the question some thought before nodding her head.

"Do you hate her?" Kyle questioned and she immediately shook her head to refute this.

"That's how it is for your mommy and daddy," Kyle responded and he could tell that this seemed to lighten up her mood because she paused for a moment before smiling.

"Did you ever fight with your mommy and daddy?" Clarissa asked a personal question but Kyle took a second longer than he had to as a smile creased his face.

"Of course I do," Kyle responded. Before the conversation could go any further. Kyle was thankful for the noise he heard behind him.

He heard footsteps behind him and turned, it was Jones with an exhausted look on his face.

"C'mon Clarissa," Jones called out to her.

" Thank you, Mister Kyle," Clarissa showed her gratitude this time without having to be told.

Jones patted her head as she walked past him and Kyle could tell that he wanted to apologize for the inconvenience but Kyle waved it off.

Jones heaved a sigh before returning to his apartment.

"Did I ever fight with my parents…?" Kyle thought to himself as the smile slowly faded from his face.

Kyle couldn't remember much of his childhood which was ironic considering the skill the system had grabbed him as he was now cursed to know everything.

He didn't know if the ability was given to him because of this but why couldn't he remember most of his childhood?

Kyle was brought back to reality with a text message informing him that Jane had arrived home safely.

But for some reason, he didn't want to return to his apartment.

He just sat on the floor, taking in his environment and knew he had to make a decision. He couldn't continue living this way and talking to Clarissa told him that there was no way he could destroy this family.

He had to leave this place for his sanity, out of sight would mean out of mind.

Kyle soon returned to his apartment while the sun began to set.

He could still smell Jane in his house but would he have become this close to her without the system?

Every meaningful decision he took was influenced by his system in one way or another like he was some sort of puppet.

Kyle didn't care about any of it and knew he would find what to fill the void with when he conquered the world.

In a matter of moments, Kyle drifted off into a deep slumber.

-

"Again?" Kyle thought to himself, waking up somewhere unfamiliar.

He noticed that he was no longer in the park but a room littered with toys. The walls were painted pitch black; a flickering light bulb in the middle of the barely illuminated room.

Kyle could hear the faint sounds of screaming and shouting outside of the room; the voices were too muffled for him to make out the words.

He stretched his hand to reach for the doorknob only to realize that he was in the body of a past variant of himself.

Then carvings dipped in blood appeared on the door with the words.

"DO NOT OPEN!"

Kyle didn't know what this meant but wasn't about to listen to this sign. He knew this was a nightmare so there was no way that any harm could befall him.

He grabbed the doorknob and the sounds outside came to a halt however that was soon replaced with someone dashing towards the door.

Kyle didn't know what was happening but he felt an immense sense of urgency.

A loud bang was heard on the door like someone was tossed into it by the winds generated by a hurricane. But it didn't just happen once, it kept happening again and again until the door began to crack and give way.

Kyle backed away, his heart thumping; all he heard in response was a loud shriek that jolted him awake.

Kyle's body was trembling, his hands were shaking but the most worrying of this was his rabid heartbeat.

Kyle was having a panic attack.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 98 - 98: Another Week Later.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ever since that day, a week had passed and renovation to the entire apartment had begun.

Kyle was glad this was underway because it was the last piece of his missing puzzle.

His nightclub was all set up; Kyle had set the launch for later that day with a whopping 50% discount for the first month.

He knew that this would upset the business revenue of his competitors but that much was to be expected.

It wasn't anything personal, it was simply business even though he knew this would most likely make him enemies.

He was ready to take that step, Kyle's wardrobe had completely changed.

He was no longer looking like a bum but people could tell with a single look that he was someone to prominence.

Ella had managed to secure a gig within his club but she had no idea he was the owner.

Kyle kept these things to himself but Isabella was proving to be invaluable.

She knew how to be discreet and this club could act as a good way for his artists to gain recognition.

Especially if he restricted the acts to artists signed directly under his Agency.

This would not only spread awareness but make it known to talents that signing under them guaranteed a fixed set of income unlike signing with a major credit industry.

Kyle still hasn't seen Calista but that was only due to her schedule however they spoke quite a lot.

He could tell that Calista was taken with him because the conversation was once tilted towards money had evolved to her simply talking about her day.

She told him everything that happened with Lucas Rossini and Kyle realized that this man might be a problem.

He might not be the most famous of Producers/Directors but there was no mistaking his talent. He was the ideal man for this work and any scene he added was for the good of the movie considering it would be on his resume.

Kyle viewed Calista differently when he saw that her body count was below 5, she wasn't ran through.

Even though she was only 21, in this day and age, those numbers were impressive, especially for a lady with her looks.

Kyle had lost all contact with Cassandra even though he got a strange call earlier that week but the person at the other end didn't say a word but he could hear the sound of a baby in the background.

Kyle didn't know what to think about this but didn't care too much. If she was having trouble with her marriage and needed an escape, he was more than willing to do so.

However, Kyle knew he needed the distraction to be more permanent.

If she wasn't happy in her marriage, he was going to take her away from her husband.

He didn't understand why his system was unsure about her relationship status but this meant that it must be complicated to some extent.

Kyle realized why he was so attached to her and the milk factor on her chest because, after a series of nightmares, Kyle was beginning to regain some of the memories he had repressed for so long.

Kyle knew everything he sought was behind that bloodied door and why his disgust for marriages existed in the first place. It was all behind that door.

He never could get past that door because he always woke up when the threat came.

This exacerbated his panic attacks but it wasn't anything he couldn't handle.

He stopped avoiding Aiysha and consciously made an effort to stop viewing her the way he had been conditioned to by his primal instinct.

However, he began to notice something that he had never paid much attention to before.

Jones and Aiysha were slowly drifting apart, the public affection that they showed each other without shame once upon a time had slowly dissipated.

They tried to put up an act for their children but there was some tension there.

Kyle knew that it wasn't in his place to come between them or try to fix whatever might be broken.

That was something they had to do themselves but he didn't want the kids to be caught in the middle.

They weren't his responsibility regardless and he only did as much as Jones and Aiysha allowed.

A lot of stuff happened in the space of a week, Jane was getting a second job because their bills were beginning to back up.

She refused for Kyle to cover everything, this included clearing their student loans that helped them through school.

Kyle didn't understand why she did this, why she chose the harsher path when she could have everything she wanted if she just asked him.

He knew that Calista would have no problem demanding anything she wanted because Kyle had shown her what he could do for her financially.

But she wanted a sense of individuality and Kyle had no problem because it eliminated the spirit of complacency. She knew the value of money so she was more prone to be appreciative for the little things.

Kyle liked this about her even though he knew he would have to take on that responsibility eventually but his view regarding his harem had changed.

If he could monopolize beautiful women for himself, there was no need for him to screw them only once when he could keep them around to rotate as he deemed fit depending on his mood.

A menu exclusive to him, the time for his club unveiling was near, Kyle had spent over $1,000,000 to sponsor the promotion so they received nothing but the best.

This was why L. A had been buzzing and news got out about this opening, one more club to be degenerated in.

Kyle wore a blazer and that was all he needed to get ready for, he looked like an Italian mobster with how he was dressed but it had an air of elegance around it.

Kyle stepped out as the sky darkened, this was where things got interesting.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 99 - 99: The Grand Opening!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle knew the turnout was going to be huge, the attention it got on social media made it look like one of the hottest clubs in L.A.

He paid celebrities to tweet about it to increase the hype surrounding the opening.

There was no way that people wouldn't want to give this place a try when their favourite artist had nothing but praise for the people here.

Kyle knew he had to make sure the security was tight too, this was one of the most important things because he had no idea what could happen on the scene.

The last thing he needed was for his club to become a murder scene on the first day because people tend to get violent with a few drinks in them.

Kyle got into the club but the line that had formed outside was jaw-dropping.

He already expected a huge crowd but this exceeded all expectations.

He met Nate inside along with some other people who were temporarily, just for tonight.

Kyle had every intention to retain anyone that did a good job, this acted as a job interview but he gave Nate the liberty to choose who they retained.

Nate was the manager and Kyle made sure he had a certain level of control to make key decisions. This was no doubt a risk as he would have been safer bringing in an experienced manager to handle things rather than gambling on Nate.

Nate, however, was trustworthy and this was one of those things you could learn from the judge.

Kyle's wealth allowed leeway for certain financial mistakes but the disco light hanging in the middle of the dancefloor with the tiled floors capable of buying multiple cars as they were imported all the way from France.

Kyle was happy, he couldn't contain his smile because he didn't know this thing would be possible.

This dream, this right here was his imagination manifested into reality.

"Money is truly the wheel that makes the world go round," Kyle muttered under his breath but the loud music blasting around them was enough to drown out any hushed voices.

"ARE YOU PEOPLE READY!?" Kyle screamed at the top of his lungs, his voice managing to drown out the music blasting as it coincidentally hit a low decibel at the moment.

The workers were pumped because they knew this might be a chance for them to get a decent job that didn't pay horseshit.

They all matched Kyle's energy and this was the most emotion Nate had seen from Kyle.

He was a happy man right now and nothing was going to stop him.

Ella arrived soon after but Kyle instructed Nate to usher in but he was also impressed that she was punctual.

Kyle knew she would eventually figure out he owned this club but for now, he wanted her to enjoy her first gig here without a care for the world.

This was the one thing she needed to get her mind off things, Kyle heard about her parents' death. He knew that even if they didn't get along, there would always be a part of her that wished things were different and she missed the chance to make that change.

But not everyone could be changed, Kyle knew this more than anyone.

"Um, Kyle…" Nate called out, sounding confused.

"Yeah? Is something wrong?" Kyle questioned, sensing his concern.

"There is someone here, she said she is with the band but her name isn't on the list," Nate informed Kyle.

The two hefty men stationed at the entrance ready to spring into action should the situation call for it.

"Is her name Jane by any chance?" Kyle questioned with a knowing smile.

There was no way that Jane wouldn't come here to support her best friend on one of the biggest nights of her musical career.

"How did you know? You were expecting her?" Nate questioned but Kyle didn't give a verbal response.

He checked his phone and just as he expected, Jane had told him that she was coming to this club. Kyle named it "The Devil's Treat"

A catchy name to say the least but he was aware of what it could be interpreted as considering the religious nature of the world.

There was a message attached that Ella had only told her last minute and that was why she was just informing him.

Kyle had no reason to doubt her because this would be pointless if it was one considering Kyle had no way to know her whereabouts.

He understood the importance of open communication and Jane remained the greenest flag he had seen so far.

Ella only informed her of the gig and how late she would be but Jane quickly threw on something when she found out how big of a deal this was.

"Let her in and make sure she gets the V.I.P. section," Kyle instructed Nate.

Nate was surprised but it was clear that he knew her and boy, was she a cutie.

"Fine! I will do it," Nate responded but before he left, he was given a stern warning.

"Oh and Nate… She's mine," That was all Kyle said, this should be enough to dissuade him from making any moves on her but Nate wasn't even that kind of person to begin with.

"As you wish, boss," Nate responded with a thumbs up.

Kyle knew he had to make an appearance and this would be the night that his dream became a reality.

The club was officially opened and the crowd poured in, Kyle made sure the area Jane was in was restricted solely to her.

No one else could access the area regardless of their status, they would no doubt lose revenue in the hundreds of thousands but that was inconsequential.

This was going to be a long night and Kyle planned to enjoy every single moment.

The restaurant was in the next room and with the soundproof walls, it could effectively separate these two lifestyles.

"Let the party begin."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 100 - 100: Like Moth To Flames.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The night went better than expected, Ella was singing at the top of her lungs and while it did take the crowd some time to warm up to them.

They went berserk, Kyle could have easily hired a DJ but this is what he wanted his club to be about.

Live performances, bring the artists closer to the crowd. However, he knew that a DJ might be needed should something happen to the artists meant to perform so he had one on standby.

Kyle watched the bright smile on her face, Ella couldn't make out the crowd thanks to the flickering lights but her immediate vicinity didn't suffer this same fate, allowing her to focus on her performance.

Ella sang her heart out and the audience was dancing, she didn't opt for a heavy metal track and chose to sing something a lot softer.

This was a different experience and with everything 50% off, bottles were emptied out at an astonishing rate. Everything was going and the stock was depleted, even the meals in the restaurant section were nearing depletion.

This was such a busy scene but Kyle was going to make his move, Jane was surprised that she had this place all to herself.

Ella was performing here but she wasn't that important to warrant such treatment with a security.

Stationed at her booth. A drink was offered but Jane didn't touch it, she took out her phone and recorded Ella singing her heart out.

Tears soon welled up in her eyes, she couldn't believe that Ella had reached this stage in her career but the emotions in her voice were.

She could tell her friend was hurting and letting it all out, it could be felt with every word that escaped her lips.

Jane knew this was more than a song for Ella, this was her soul being shared with everyone but of course, she was the only one that caught on to this.

Everyone else was too focused on drinking and partying to care about such a thing.

"Got room for one more, princess?" A voice said behind the security watching her booth and to her utmost surprise, it was Kyle.

"KYLE!!!" Jane screamed. She immediately sprung up to her feet and dashed towards him, she didn't hesitate as she immediately wrapped her arms around him.

"You came!" Jane exclaimed; the fact that she was here and hadn't taken a drop of alcohol or left the booth since coming here.

She didn't partake in the activities on the dancefloor either, her attention was on Jane.

This amount of self-control she displayed was impressive because there was no way that she wouldn't be bored.

"Of course I did, I will always be here for you," Kyle reminded her of his commitment to her.

"E-Ella! That's Ella!" Jane couldn't contain her excitement and immediately chose to share with Kyle.

"I know silly, she's amazing," Kyle confirmed that he shared her excitement.

They both sat down with Kyle placing a hand on her leg, Jane was dressed in nothing fancy.

She wore a baggy shirt with shorts, but the shirt had the appearance of a dress due to how big it was.

Jane's body no longer stiffened with physical contact, she was comfortable with physical contact even if it was in public.

"God, has she always been so good?" Kyle was drawn in by her melodic voice.

" She sounds even better. What you're hearing is Ella being nervous!" Jane held her in high regard and wasn't scared to let the world know how talented her friend truly was.

Kyle enjoyed being around Jane, her energy was contagious and this was the kind of thing he needed to be around.

Kyle noticed that a few celebrities came here but they were down on the entertainment ladder.

The posting online would boost the traction and this extended his reach, more people kept pouring in even after the party had long started.

Ella's voice was strained and it was beginning to affect the notes she could hit.

However, Kyle was impressed that she managed to keep singing but this was why she chose notes that wouldn't stain her voice.

She was singing for over an hour now and needed a break but there were no other artists to take over from her so she had to keep going.

This made Kyle realize the flaw in his plan but he had other singers here even though they weren't famous.

Just for tonight, he could make use of them because, in the end, tonight was the night.

Jane was treated like a V.I.P. among V.I.P.

She was a VVIP and she didn't even know it but if Kyle was the owner of this place like he said then the treatment she got made all the more sense.

Jane finally took a sip of the drink in front of her with Kyle around her, she knew he wouldn't let anything happen to her and Kyle also planned to remain sober throughout the night.

The club, restaurant and strip club were at max capacity, this was the best opening one could ask for because his revenue for that night was easily in the millions.

"If I told you I owned this place, what would you say?" Kyle whispered in Jane's ear to which her eyes widened in utter shock.

"Get out of here!" Jane barked, slightly nudging him. She was tipsy at this point so she had less control over her words.

"I'm serious!" Kyle responded with a satisfied smile but realized that the drink she took hit her harder than she would have liked. Jane offered him complete transparency into her life so it was up to him to return that level of communication to her.

But that was to be expected, the drinks served were far from cheap and everything here was something most of these people wouldn't be able to afford without the discount that Kyle gave to them but the problem about a place becoming too popular was that it attracted unwanted people.

And one of the people it happened to attract was Calista Wave.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 101 - 101: Playing With Fire.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Calista was in the building but Kyle had no knowledge of her presence, he couldn't have predicted something like this happening.

He thought she was so swamped with work that partying would be the last thing on her mind even though it would help to loosen her up from all the stress.

Calista came with a few friends but unlike Jane who told Kyle every single detail of her life, Calista maintained some sort of independence and only told him things that directly concerned him.

Even though she was more likely to tell him about this experience should anything of note take place.

Calista heard the music being played and found herself nodding her head in rhythm, she didn't come alone either.

A few of her friends were able to tag along, but she had to pay over-the-top money to get in even though she still had to stand in line.

She hadn't reached that level of fame yet where people would give her a pass for such things but her beauty privilege did come in clutch for her.

It allowed her to skip past a few people and eventually, she was at the front.

There was no doubt that Kyle would have tried to stop her from entering if he was aware because the last thing he wanted was to mix both parts of his life.

That was a recipe for disaster because neither knew he was polygamous but he doubted that Calista would mind much about his promiscuous nature.

That was one thing wealthy people tend to do, not that he was justifying it but he didn't know how Jane would take this.

That was all he cared about at this moment but Kyle soon registered her presence.

There was one thing about Calista, she knew how to draw attention to herself everywhere she went.

She also knew that in the crowd were celebrities that had more reputation than the bunch she was currently working with.

She came out here with her girlfriends and you could tell that these ladies weren't just models but SUPER models.

It was easy to register this much with a single glance, Jane noticed Kyle's unease and tried to follow his eyes but her bad vision didn't let her see far even with her glasses on.

"Are you okay?" Jane questioned but Kyle realized that this wasn't the time to take this situation lightly.

"I don't know, this place is feeling crowded, I think we should get out of here," Kyle suggested but Jane was hesitant.

She wanted to object to leaving and support her friend instead but she also didn't want to risk getting Kyle mad. Kyle noticed her panic and looked at Ella performing before sighing to himself.

This was him being careless, Jane couldn't see the crowd so there was a chance she wouldn't see him talking to Calista, would she?

"How selfish of me, I will be right back…" Kyle informed her, Jane nodded with a bright smile on her face. Kyle told the security to keep an eye on her and also not to let her leave in that state.

There was no telling who would take advantage of her and if Kyle could prevent such a scenario from even being a possibility then he was going to do everything in his power to prevent that reality.

He left his seat and disappeared into the crowd, Calista had been so busy but apparently, that wasn't the case if she had time to party.

Kyle should have checked her location before coming here but this was one of the few things that escaped his mind.

Calista was having fun, she was drinking and dancing on the dancefloor with her friends, Kyle pushed through the crowd.

The majority had no idea who he was because the owner of the club was faceless for now, it hadn't become public knowledge.

He learned that much from Mr. Nakamura as this allowed him more freedom and made it harder for people to discern the owner of such an establishment should shit hit the fan.

Doxxing would earn the trust of his clients but no one comes to a nightclub for something as silly as that, they came there to have the night of their life and possibly hook up.

Calista was dancing with her friends but soon felt someone grinding against her.

She immediately stopped and jolted away from said person, turning around to see who dared to do such a thing.

"Damn, I didn't know I was that repulsive," Kyle responded with a smile but this was a good sign as well. It showed that she didn't come to the club to dance up on anybody.

"Kyle? What are you doing here!?" Calista gushed, Kyle looked over at Ella and realized that it would take a miracle for her to see him in this crowded room especially when she wasn't subconsciously looking for him.

Kyle noticed her friends were checking him out but that was to be expected, he was a handsome devil that looked like money.

"You stole the words right out of my mouth. I didn't know you would be stepping out today with work and all," Kyle said.

He already identified a lady in her friend group that looked a little too good to not have a bite out of but Kyle knew that his status meant that not everyone should have access to him.

If everyone did then he would be the talk of the town and that would send his sex appeal plummeting because anyone with a fine face and body can have a piece of him.

This was where sexual discipline came into play and Kyle was slowly developing that.

Calista wrapped her arms around his neck, the heels she wore making this possible.

"God, I missed you.." Calista said. Kyle grabbed her buttocks firmly before burying his tongue in her mouth like he was about to take off her clothes there and then.

"Not as much as I missed you," Kyle responded, breaking away from the kiss.

He needed no introduction, the women around her knew who he was with that demonstration but Kyle was playing with fire at this point.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 102 - 102: Two Birds, One Cock?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The rest of the night went on, the banging music and Ella maintaining the energy she started with.

There were breaks, of course, for her to catch her breath and fill her belly.

Nate showed his managing skills as he managed to find a replacement act to fill in the place.

He had made reservations about this particular scenario because even the main acts had supporting acts.

Kyle had a vision in place but he was also going to set this place up to be a pseudo-talent recruitment.

This way, he could see how the act performs in front of a crowd.

That was one of the most important skills to being an artist and that was how well they moved the crowd.

This was how mediocre artists sold out on tours.

It wasn't because of their inherent skills but they knew how to connect with the crowd through their antics on stage.

The perfect showmanship but the person Nate had brought wasn't just a singer but a DJ.

They were simultaneously singing while DJing, a perfect blend of two skills.

And the crowd went wild, Ella didn't know where to look for Jane but she caught her after a minute because Jane was basically jumping and screaming.

Ella couldn't contain her smile as she walked towards Jane, her bandmates dispersed to enjoy the night.

They got some drink and food in them, they left this crowded area because they had been the source of the noise for an hour and a half.

They wanted some quiet but Ella remained with Jane.

She saw that her best friend was intoxicated and all she could do was smile.

"Oh my gosh! You were amazing! You are the best rockstar in the whole wide world!" Jane exclaimed, slobbering over her words.

"Hahaha! Jane! Don't tell me you're drinking?" Ella questioned to which Jane brought both of her fingers to form a closely bridged letter C.

"Just a little bit," Jane said but Ella was surprised that she was in the V.I.P section.

That couldn't be because of her and there was only one person she knew that had such an influence.

"Is Kyle here?" Ella asked and Jane's jaw dropped.

"He is! How did you know!? Are you some sort of magician?" Jane's eyes widened in genuine anticipation.

"Common sense is my superpower…" Ella said before rustling her hair.

She looked around for Kyle, there was no way he would leave Jane in this state unless he absolutely had to but he was nowhere to be seen.

However, she noticed that Jane was the only one in the booth and one of the few people to have security.

She was surprised that he had such an influence because you get a booth, you must have paid in advance.

Jane coming here was last minute so it's either he had foresight or he was way more wealthy than he let on.

"You should have seen him…" Jane muttered.

"Seen who?" Ella questioned with a raised brow.

"KYLE! HE LOOKED SO GOOD!" Jane exclaimed.

"I want to live in his skin!" Jane added.

Ella couldn't hold in her laughter, that would explain why she took alcohol in the first place.

It was because of Kyle but she didn't like the idea that Kyle left her friend in this state but then again, there was security.

Ella realized that what she thought was a break was the end of their paid gig.

She realized this only after being informed by her bandmates that they were calling it a night.

She couldn't blame them considering they all had to work early in the morning.

Unlike Ella who dedicated herself to her craft, they all treated it as more of a hobby at least until it took off.

This allowed Ella to relax, she sat beside Jane who kept on muttering gibberish about how amazing she was and occasionally slipping Kyel in.

She knew her friend wouldn't remember any of this coming tomorrow and this was partly the reason Jane didn't like drinking but she couldn't hold her drink, unfortunately.

-

Kyle was chuckling and dancing with Calista, he noticed that Ella had left the stage and his eyes followed her to where Jane was.

It was easy for him to stay out of sight, Ella's eyes looked in his direction on multiple occasions but she couldn't see him.

Calista turned her back and began to grind on him, Kyle chuckled.

"Are you trying hard to get me hard?" Kyle asked.

"I have no such intention or are you telling me you can't resist without wanting to fuck me?" Calista teased. The way she was grinding on his cock.

Kyle knew exactly what she was doing, there was no way he could bend her over and just shove his cock in her for all to see.

"I will always want to fuck you," Kyle responded before grabbing her waist to position his third leg between her buttcheeks.

Calista stopped grinding for a second and instead, changed her motion.

She began to stroke it by moving up and down, Kyle could feel it and the fact that they were both fully clothed with so many people around.

"You're bigger than I remember…" Calista muttered.

"It just misses you…" Kyle responded.

Calista grinned, turning around to face Kyle, she grabbed his cock but the way she was positioned made it impossible for anyone watching to see what was going on.

"It does? How about you show me how much?" Calista questioned, sticking her hand into her mouth before slipping her hand into his trousers.

"Tell me how much you miss me," Calista whispered in his ear, stroking his cock.

Kyle couldn't believe she was doing all of this in public but he knew that she had a freaky side to her after the day she drugged him.

There was no telling what she was capable of when it came to sex but Kyle loved how unpredictable she was.

"How about you show me what's there to miss?" Kyle responded. He knew he wasn't going to do anything with Calista but teasing her was fun.

Kyle kept glancing over at Jane not because he was scared he would be caught but because he was worried about her.

If Jane caught him, what was the worst that could happen?

There was no label on their relationship and the way he handled her interaction with Mike conveyed the message that he was fine with her seeing other people even though he knew she wouldn't.

This is why Jane has been confused for the longest time about the nature of their relationship.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 103 - 103: What A Night.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle found himself in a predicament but it wasn't anything he couldn't get himself out of but for a second, he lost sight of Ella.

She was no longer in the boot with Jane and it was clear that Calista was willing to fuck him right there and then if he wanted to.

Kyle broke away from her before smirking.

"If I were that easy, everyone would have had a piece of me…" Kyle boasted and Calista couldn't believe this was the same man who was working as a cashier a few weeks back.

Now he had her wrapped around his fingers and she didn't want to break free.

Calista smiled but her girlfriends soon returned with drinks in their hands.

Kyle heaved a loud sigh of relief, he could finally leave the area and return to Jane.

That was his concern right now and even though he would like for both of his worlds to be kept separate, what was the worst that could happen if they did come together?

Emotions and feelings are silly things, they make even the smartest of people make ridiculous decisions and compromises.

A man stays with his cheating partner and vice versa because they are already too emotionally invested to let go.

Was that why the affection bar was there? So he could see how emotionally invested they were and thus, how he could treat them?

Kyle was beginning to realize that all these features given to him by the system not only helped him sustain his harem and wealth but also made it possible for him to know what decisions to make regarding it.

Did his system predict something like that would happen? That couldn't be right.

Kyle knew he might be giving this too much thought but there was nothing that could be done regarding it.

He returned to Jane but as he was so was Ella, Ella returned at the same time.

"What timing," Kyle said, looking at her hands, he noticed that she was holding two glasses of water.

"I'm surprised to see you here," Ella pointed out, handing Jane a glass of water.

They sat at the opposite of Jane, leaving the drunken lady in the middle.

"Well, what can I say, I had to check out what the hype was about but I'm more surprised to see Jane here," Kyle said, parting her hair behind her ear while helping her with the glass of water in her hand.

She needed to sober up but this was good for her, they both knew that Jane needed to take a break from the reality of life.

"She told me that you looked after her, thank you," Ella quickly showed her gratitude.

"She isn't just your responsibility anymore so there is no need to thank me besides, what sort of man would I be if I let something happen to her in a place that belongs to me," Kyle knew the consequence of little lies.

Certain lies couldn't be sustained, especially from people in his daily life.

This was one of them so he decided to come clean.

"I suspected as much when I saw Jane here," Ella didn't sound surprised by this revelation.

Kyle knew that it would be obvious if someone paid enough attention like Ella did.

The signs would always be there but Ella didn't seem to mind this as she was still getting paid by the end of the dead.

People have used their connections to get ahead in life for so long, why shouldn't they enjoy the same benefit?

Kyle's agency might be the real deal and this gave her exposure, it was packed.

"You are perceptive, I give you that. Do you want to stay and enjoy the show or do you want to call it a night?" Kyle asked.

He knew that there was no way she wouldn't be tired but more importantly, he needed Jane to be alright and this wasn't the environment a person in her state should be in.

"I think I will call it a night. I need to catch some sleep and I also want to thank you for everything you have done. Not just for me, but for Jane as well," Ella showed her gratitude.

"Hahaha! You don't act how you look, aren't goths meant to be cruel people?" Kyle questioned and Ella chuckled at this ridiculousness.

"Of course not! That is a stereotype!" Ella barked.

"They did get one thing right though…" Kyle asked. This question drew her in because she wanted to know what else he heard about them.

"And what is that?" Ella questioned with an arched brow.

"They are beautiful. Now come on, let's go," Kyle said but Ella couldn't contain her smile.

The way Kyle continued the conversation made it impossible for her to backtrack on the conversation.

"S-Sure! Wait, shouldn't you stay and enjoy the opening of your club?" Ella questioned, she didn't know why she was stuttering.

It was a simple harmless compliment that she heard almost daily but this took her off guard.

"Nate will handle it from here and I can't enjoy the rest of the night if I'm not sure about you both getting home safely. I can't even trust an Uber to do the job," Kyle was stern.

The way he conveyed the message, she knew that there was no changing his mind.

Kyle didn't mind taking them back home even if it would ultimately be an inconvenience to him, there was nothing that could be done because their safety was his priority.

He held Jane's waist, she wasn't black-out drunk so that was a good thing as he walked them to his car. Ella grabbed her bag and took a final sip from the drink on the table.

It was expensive shit, there was no way she was leaving without it because when she left, the bottle had magically disappeared from the table.

But unlike the other ladies who didn't spot Kyle when he was Calista, Calista caught Kyle leaving the nightclub with two women.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 104 - 104: Ella & Kyle
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was a protective man, he couldn't let the women return home in such a state considering the time. It was well past midnight and that was a dangerous time for women to be outside.

Kyle wasn't about to take any risk and also was looking for an excuse to get out of there.

He witnessed the opening and knew it would be a grand success, there was no limitation to what he could achieve.

This place was going to be big but Nate had shown he was more than capable of handling himself and this club.

If need be, Nate could act as the face but he didn't want him to drop out of college.

That was one thing he wasn't going to allow him to do because he still regretted taking that path.

There was one thing he knew all too well and that was the consequence of one's action.

Kyle drove with great skills, Jane was in the backseat because she needed to lie down.

Ella sat in the passenger seat and there was silence, Jane was already asleep at the back with music blasting through the window.

Kyle's eyes were focused on the road, the road barely had any cars on them because it was the time when dangerous things tend to happen.

This was why Kyle knew he had to be vigilant, he wasn't going to risk anything.

"Ella, how was your experience?" Kyle finally spoke but this wasn't because he was uncomfortable with the silence.

"I-I didn't expect the place to be this intense…" Ella admitted.

"I'm sorry for putting you on the spot but I heard your demo and knew I just had to have you there. You're an incredible singer, I'm glad I found you first," Kyle said and there it was again, a simple compliment but Ella was glad that her talents were being recognized by someone who didn't want to sleep with her so she knew it was a genuine compliment with no ulterior motive involved.

Then again, men weren't so straight forward but she truly believed that Kyle was different.

"I'm so thankful. I can't believe you're doing all of this for me but I also don't want you to feel like you have to," Ella said but Kyle found this strange.

She kept thanking him and that was becoming increasingly suspicious.

"It is fine and you don't have to thank me for everything. You earned every penny and recognition,' Kyle said but he used a different tone to convey his first sentence.

"Tell me, what is your goal?" Kyle asked her out of the blue.

"My goal?" Ella questioned and Kyle nodded to confirm that she heard him right not taking his eyes off the road not even for a second.

"I want to be the greatest rockstar, I want to push the boundaries. I want to be the greatest on my terms," Ella confessed and Kyle was impressed by the resolve behind her voice.

He couldn't help but smile upon hearing this because she had an actual dream.

"That is admirable and do you know the crazy thing? I know you can do it… Let me know if you need anything, I will make it happen," Kyle reassured her and at that moment, she once again understood why Jane was so taken by him.

Kyle arrived at their apartment in no time and made sure to carry Jane on his back as they returned, he was in no hurry to leave and Ella could use the company.

She didn't know much about Kyle and saw this as an opportunity to get to know the person she was working for and her friend was clearly in love with.

Jane was sprawled on the bed awkwardly, she watched as Kyle tenderly tucked her in.

How could someone this rich be such a gentleman?

She always assumed rich people put in less work because they had the money to make up for any character flaw but this wasn't the case with Kyle.

He was busy yet made time for Jane and treated her with such respect that would make any woman envious.

Kyle kissed her forehead before exiting the room, shutting the door behind him.

"What a night, am I right?" Kyle muttered and Ella nodded. Agreeing with that statement.

"You can say that again, I can barely feel my legs," Ella blurted out.

Kyle sat on the couch to unwind, he needed to rest up a bit because he too had a busy night and getting back on the road immediately would have more disadvantages than advantages.

Kyle looked at her legs, it was an involuntary action upon hearing her statement.

"Your leg looks just fine to me," Kyle responded with a reassuring smile.

"Looks are deceiving! I'm sure you are aware of that," Ella fired back.

"True, I thought you were a vampire that was after my blood when we first met," Kyle responded with a tease.

"Haha! Come on! I wasn't that bad!" Ella couldn't hold in her laughter.

"I bet that was what Vlad the Impaler said too…" Kyle said, joining his fingers together to form a cross as he slowly raised it.

Ella kept on laughing. This was what made Kyle stand out, his sense of humor and ability to engage in any type of conversation.

"Do you want anything to drink? Maybe water?" Ella asked to which Kyle nodded.

"Sure thing, a glass wouldn't do before I go on my way," Kyle said.

Ella stood up to retrieve a glass of water and returned in a little over 20 seconds.

Kyle gulped down the glass and got on his feet, he was ready to go.

"Are you sure you can go back home tonight? You can spend the night here if you want to," Ella suggested but Kyle was already headed towards the door.

"Nice try Dracula," These were his final words before walking out the door leaving Ella with a wide smile on her face.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 105 - 105: Pouting Bird.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The night came to an end and what a night it was, Nate did an excellent job managing the rest of the night as he not only held his own but coordinated the operation.

He was yet to be informed about Kyle's plan to have him watch over the place.

He thought this was him carrying out his job as Kyle's assistant.

He was being paid a lot of money so he didn't mind doing this job.

This game changer for Nate but he wondered if Kyle had always been so rich.

There was no way that someone would come into contact with such amounts of money in such a short time.

Maybe he won the lottery? That was the most likely scenario but none of this was his business as long as he was getting paid.

He would soon know how legit this was because it was a new month, he hadn't signed any contract and this job was given to him strictly on a verbal basis.

Nate expected Kyle to give excuses but he had nothing to lose by gambling with this opportunity.

If it didn't go well, he would lose a month of his life, but if it did, he would gain a job that would sustain him in the long run, as he would be able to take care of himself in school, too, without burdening his parents with responsibilities.

Kyle said he could pay him $1,000 every day but they never spoke about it again and Nate knew he most likely meant monthly.

$30,000 monthly would be life-changing because it would tackle most of his financial burden.

Though he had his account details so Nate expected an alert but once again, something in him felt this was too good to be true.

There had to be a catch but he checked his phone after an hour of waking up, he tried his best to resist checking it for as long as possible because his heart was thumping.

He was expectant but didn't want his expectations to be too high or that could ruin the rest of his week.

"What?" Nate muttered to himself, his jaw-dropping like an 80s sitcom character.

There it was, $40,000 sitting in his bank account, Kyle had added a bonus for the additional job done but there was a memo attached to the transfer congratulating him on his promotion to manager in the just launched Nightclub, but the payment he had received was for the work he had done so far.

He was not only overpaid but this showed him that Kyle did come from money.

"AHHHHHH!" Nate screamed at the top of his lungs in disbelief.

"SHUT THE FUCK UP!" His neighbor responded and Nate realized that the walls in this place were paper thin and quickly clamped his mouth shut.

If anything, he could start looking into getting a new place so he can leave this shithole.

-

A new day began and Kyle woke up with the doorbell ringing, he wanted an off day to himself.

The social events and interactions had drained his social battery.

He spoke to Aiysha earlier that week about fixing the pipes through the building and that would most likely mean his apartment needed to be reworked.

Kyle was fine with this even though he knew it was a minor hindrance but necessary.

This ruled out Aiysha from being the one so it had to be Jones or at least that's who he narrowed it to.

Kyle didn't bother with a shirt and walked towards the door with black shorts hanging around his waist.

The gym was paying off as his body became more defined even though one has to squint to see the gains.

But he had set boundaries with Aiysha even though he was still fighting with his desires.

That was normal because the most important thing was to keep it tamed.

Kyle opened the door without checking who it was, it was Calista.

Kyle wasn't expecting her and she should still be shooting her movie.

She shouldn't be here but Kyle couldn't turn her away because of his relationship with her.

He opened the door and flashed a broad smile but Calista was in a foul mood.

"Is something wrong?" Kyle questioned but Calista didn't give a response, crossing her arms.

"Do you want to come in?" Kyle questioned, moving aside in the process.

Calista walked right in without saying a single word and Kyle rolled his eyes.

He assumed it had to do with last night and how he left her stranded but the thing about this was that she didn't even inform him that she was coming there.

Kyle knew what she could do was limited because he could easily dispose of her if she overstepped her boundaries.

She sat on the couch and Kyle walked up to her but he didn't say anything.

He just stared at her, Calista was pouting and he found this cute.

"Where did you go last night?" Calista questioned and it was just like he thought.

"I went home, where else would I be?" Kyle responded.

"Alone?" Calista asked and that was when Kyle realized what this was about.

She must have seen him leave the nightclub with Jane and Ella.

"Do you see anyone here?" Kyle questioned, dancing around the question.

Calista didn't say another word, instead choosing to continue pouting.

"Now that you say it, I think I remember leaving with a few girls," Kyle said and he could feel Calista's body stiffen like she was hoping he wouldn't admit it.

"Is that a problem?" Kyle asked but Calista knew that she might have made a mistake.

She didn't know Kyle would admit to it, she expected him to deny it because this response put her on the spot.

"Calista, I asked a question and you better answer," Kyle sounded irritated and Calista knew at that moment that he had managed to flip the table on her.

And how she responded would determine the nature of their relationship going forward.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 106 - 106: A Gift Or A...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle had handed Calista an ultimatum, he wanted to see if this would be a deal breaker for her but the chances that it would be low.

Not everyone had the means to satisfy her financial cravings like him but this helped him confirm that she was emotionally attached to him if she was affected by something like this.

Kyle found this funny but he wasn't going out of his way to please her.

If anything, he was the one out of her league, not the other way round and with a snap of his finger, he could crumble her career.

He could make her lose it all and send her right back to ground zero.

"You were supposed to leave with me…" Calista sounded unsure of the words that came out of her mouth.

"I can go home with whoever I want, Calista…" Kyle said sternly before redirecting her gaze to face him.

"And you look at me when you speak," Kyle warned her.

"Were you jealous?" Kyle asked but Calista couldn't muster the courage to speak about it.

Kyle realized that she might not like what she heard but had no choice but to accept the reality of it.

This was to test her reaction as his hand left her chin before finally revealing.

"I didn't take anyone home, they had a bit too much to drink so I had to take them home," Kyle revealed.

"I don't care, you can do whatever you want." Calista rolled her eyes but he could sense the relief in her voice.

"I can do whatever I want?" Kyle questioned, pausing briefly.

"And what if that thing is you?" A smirk creased his face and this almost broke the nonchalant face that Calista had.

He noticed that she had on different clothes so she clearly went back home and she didn't look tired or hungover either.

That meant that she called it a night early after spotting him leaving the area.

"Here…" Calista said, digging her hand into her bag to bring out a box.

"What is this?" Kyle had to ask because it was wrapped in foil.

"Just open it," Calista responded, sounding almost embarrassed.

Kyle shrugged before unwrapping it but he saw something inside that he didn't expect to find.

It was a ring but not just any ring, it cost approximately $10,000.

Kyle knew she didn't have this kind of money just sitting around in her bank account.

"WOAH!" Kyle explained, taking it out of the box.

"You like it?" Calista asked, sounding hopeful and Kyle nodded without hesitation.

"I love it! I don't receive a lot of presents so this is a first! Why did you get me this?" Kyle wanted to know her reason but Calista's eyes softened.

"I want you to wear it at all times!" Calista demanded.

"Wait, are you proposing to me?" Kyle questioned her with a raised brow.

"OF COURSE NOT!" Calista barked before clearing her throat to compose herself.

"This is sweet, I mean it, Calista. Thank you," Kyle tried it on and Calista sat there, content with what she saw.

She wanted to surprise him with it for quite some time now but was waiting for the check to clear before she could pay for it in full.

This money might be insignificant to Kyle but Calista, it was everything because she hadn't been paid yet for the movie she was still shooting but she wanted to show Kyle that he was special to her and his reaction was everything for her.

Kyle wore it, he didn't know how much it cost because these weren't things he usually shopped for but even he knew that diamonds weren't cheap.

"You're welcome," Calista responded with a broad smile on her face but one could look at it in another light.

Kyle had sent her way more than this so it was simply her buying something with some of the money he had sent her.

But this wasn't how Kyle saw it because she didn't need to do this.

This was all that happened because Calista had work to return to, she came all the way here to see if Kyle had any women over or any signs of women but mainly to give him this gift.

She had to find a way to make an impression on him that lasts and what better way than a gift?

A constant reminder of her presence in his life, seeing him with those girls made her remember how in-demand men like him were.

She couldn't afford to lose him not only because of the financial benefits but her emotional attachment.

-

Jane was coming to it, she couldn't do anything because of the throbbing headache that rocked her head. It felt like her brain had a heartbeat and Ella was beside her with a bottle of water to help her hydrate.

Like she thought, Jane couldn't remember anything that she had done last night but Ella wasn't about to remind her either.

"God… Why didn't you stop me from drinking?" Jane questioned, clutching her head in pain.

"You needed to loosen up and have fun," Ella defended her alcohol intake.

"And besides, Kyle liked you in that state," Ella added and Jane's face flushed red.

"Wait, what!?" Jane screamed.

"You don't remember? You told him how much you liked him," Ella teased but Jane swallowed every word that came out of her mouth.

"T-That's a lie! There is no way I could say that!" Jane immediately shot down the idea.

"You don't want to hear what he said?" Ella questioned. Jane denied saying what she said but if she did say it by chance, she wanted to hear what Kyle had to say.

"He said…" Ella paused, stopping herself from completing her sentence.

"... Nothing, because you never said anything to him," Ella confessed.

"Gosh! You're the worst!" Jane barked, tossing a pillow in Ella's direction who couldn't stop laughing.

This was the first time that she had seen Jane act this way over a guy.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 107 - 107: An Unexpected Text.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was shocked by the gesture Calista had shown him because he never expected her to reciprocate his energy but this confirmed that this was becoming a serious thing.

However, his earlier conversation with her regarding Jane and Ella told him that she was one to accept him having multiple women as long as he didn't neglect her.

Or he would have gotten a more violent reaction from her when he told her he did leave with some women.

Calista's main concern was to maintain her spot in his life even if he did have other women.

She knew how these things worked so it wouldn't surprise her nonetheless.

She left Kyle alone soon after and allowed him to have the day to himself just like he planned to.

He hopped on his gaming console and played some games, most notably God of War: Ragnarok.

This was one of his favourite games because it symbolized Kratos' journey from a brute to a gentle god.

The character development was up there and this was one of those games that could be classified as the greatest of all time.

Kyle spent at least an hour or so playing but then his phone got an unexpected message from an unknown number.

He tried to figure out who he was but he came up blank, Kyle wanted to respond but he was in no hurry.

If someone was texting with an unknown number, it was common courtesy to introduce themselves. But this wasn't the first time that an unknown number had tried to contact him in the past couple of days.

Kyle wasn't the one going to drag this out as he had nothing to lose or gain by ignoring them because it was none of his business in the end. However, his phone soon buzzed again– a minute later.

Kyle looked at it again but this time, it was more than a simple greeting and he instantly recognized this person.

"Cassandra?" Kyle muttered to himself, dropping his controller because he thought she was done with him.

She had blocked his number after all so this was a surprise but this also confirmed it was her that called him that day.

Kyle picked up the phone and shot her a text, asking how she had been and Cassandra responded like she usually would.

Kyle realized that she might have needed time to process what had happened but if she was talking to him once again then things must be alright.

Kyle was surprised to see that she was inviting him over to her place once again.

"Is this some sort of set-up?" Kyle thought to himself, the timing was too convenient.

There had to be an ulterior motive for her to suddenly want him in her house considering she was married but then again, his system had an inaccurate read on her.

That shouldn't have been the case but Kyle knew that this might work out in his favor.

He agreed to meet up, he switched off his game but he didn't plan to use his car as that would draw unwanted attention.

There was no way they wouldn't notice a car of that calibre parked in the neighbourhood that wasn't used to such sights.

Kyle arrived there in a little over an hour but remained skeptical about the nature of the meet-up.

He noticed that the neighbourhood was a suburb with little activity, it was the perfect place to raise a family.

However, it was too drab for Kyle's liking as it reminded him of the neighbourhood of the show called, Desperate Housewives with nosey cheating housewives littered everywhere.

Maybe that was why Cassandra was the way she was. Not that he minded.

It wasn't in his place to act as a moral compass for anyone because she was even older than he was, she should have more experience when it comes to certain things.

Kyle texted her that he had arrived but he stood some distance away from the door to observe her.

This could be her husband trying to get his revenge on him but out came Cassandra.

She looked around but didn't see anyone, she picked up her phone and texted Kyle.

All while he was watching her do it and that was when he decided to come out.

Cassandra immediately caught him and waved him down, Kyle was surprised that she wanted to see him in public.

He expected her to want to sneak him in so there would be no evidence of his being here but this gave him a sense of security as there was no way that he wouldn't be seen by at least one person.

If anything should happen to him, there would be traces of him here.

Kyle approached her and he could tell that there was something different about her.

She looked… happy and Kyle looked over his shoulder to see that a few people were watching them.

"Hey, you…" Kyle began the conversation but Cassandra gave him a full-teeth smile.

"Hi! Want to come in, stranger?" Cassandra requested, Kyle felt like he was talking to a different person.

"Does she have a split personality?" Kyle thought to himself, he dared not verbalize his thoughts.

"Sure thing Cassey," Kyle responded and they both entered the house.

"I must say, I'm surprised you reached out to me after that incident," Kyle brought it up right away but this was in part to see her reaction.

"I was overwhelmed, I didn't know what to do at that moment," Cassandra confessed.

"So it had nothing to do with the fact that you're married?" Kyle questioned, he noticed the portraits on the wall didn't have any male figures.

It was only pictures of her and her child, there was no way she would be married and not have a picture of her husband on there.

"About that…" Cassandra said, smiling awkwardly.

"We're in the middle of a divorce," Cassandra finally revealed the nature of her relationship with the man.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 108 - 108: Taboo?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was face to face with Cassandra and he didn't know what she wanted or why he was there.

He couldn't hear or see signs of anyone else too but the revelation that she was going through a divorce would explain why his system couldn't define her relationship with her spouse.

And he had verbal confirmation of this and Kyle couldn't contain his surprise either.

"You're getting a divorce?" Kyle questioned with a raised brow.

"Not all pieces fit," Cassandra responded, recalling one of their conversations.

"That is true but you told me otherwise that day," Kyle reminded her but she looked embarrassed by this.

"Y-You remember… How embarrassing. I just wanted to see what kind of man you were," Cassandra responded, temporarily covering her face to conceal her embarrassment.

Kyle noticed she had an apron on but from the way her nipples were poking out, whatever was inside barely concealed them.

His eyes darted down to her legs, she had on a long skirt that reached her ankles, it was loose enough for her to move freely in.

"Is that why you have invited me here, you wish to see if our piece matches?" Kyle questioned with a smirk on his face.

"I invited you here because I wanted to apologize in person. I would have done it over the phone but I wanted to see you," Cassandre reiterated.

"Is that so?" Kyle asked, sighing because this was a lot better than he initially thought.

"That is right so I'm sorry for my behavior. You did nothing wrong and I was the one that put myself in that position, I thought I could control myself but I guess I was wrong," Cassandra took accountability for her part in this.

Kyle was impressed by this display of maturity, who said women can't take accountability? Cassandra was debunking that theory right now.

"You're so serious, there is no need to apologize. I did have a role to play in all of this as well, I should have left you alone when I found out you were married," Kyle confessed.

"So why didn't you?" Cassandra questioned, the way she asked that question made it sound like it was something she had been wanting to ask him.

"Because I find you incredibly attractive, that is why," Kyle said but Cassandra snickered in response.

"So in the end, you just want to sleep with me, is that it?" Cassandra sounded disappointed.

Kyle realized the moment she didn't give in was because she thought he was like every other guy. No one wants to take care of a single mother, single mothers are fetishes and easy targets to get their dick wet.

They wanted the coochie with none of the responsibilities but who could blame them?

It wasn't easy taking care of a child but a single mother was an easy catch.

Cassandra resisted Kyle because she didn't wish to be just another number on his list.

He couldn't blame her, this was how she could maintain the advantage because Kyle knew he had the money to change lives.

There was no doubt that this woman could see that and qualified him as a possible candidate to take care of not only her but her child as well.

"I would be lying if I said I didn't but I could also take care of you and your child. As you can see, I have the means," Kyle boasted.

Cassandra was hesitant to give a response, she didn't expect him to respond this way.

"But naturally, no other man will have access to you but me. I'm not a man that fits a single piece," Kyle informed her, laying down his proposition.

"Y-You like me that much?" Cassandra couldn't believe what she was hearing because he had no reason to go through such lengths but Kyle realized that this might be the perfect means to get wealthier.

A married woman with a child? He couldn't imagine the expenses and he could handle the bills and earn passive income.

"I wouldn't use that strong a word. I simply wish to claim your piece for myself. You can call it greed but I'm a collector of beautiful women and you, Cassandra, are beautiful," Kyle confessed.

Cassandra was speechless, she brought him here to apologize and clear up all confusion about her supposed marriage but here he was, basically proposing.

"Y-You are crazy…" Cassandra blurted out.

"Am I?" Kyle questioned with a cocky smile plastered across his handsome face.

"You are…" Cassandra repeated.

"Maybe I am," Kyle responded, he didn't try to downplay how ridiculous this sounded.

"And what do you mean collector? Do you have other women?" Cassandra wanted to know what she was about to get herself into.

"That is right, I do have other women and I have to admit, I did plan to take you away from your husband regardless," Kyle confessed, even though the last part was only a recent thought.

"You see, it takes a special kind of man to keep a woman of your calibre pleased and that is why you were drawn to me," Kyle was smooth with his words and gave Cassandra no room to misinterpret whatever it was he was saying.

"Think it over Cassandra, if not for you, do it for your child," Kyle gave her a choice that she could either decline or accept.

Either way, he wished to claim her for himself because she had something that the others didn't have, that was a mother's nurturing nature with a combination of those gigantic melons hanging from her chest.

"Think it over, you don't have to give me an answer now but while you're thinking about it. Make sure no one touches you, including your husband or the deal is off," Kyle warned but there was no way for him to know if the husband did touch her but the way he spoke made it feel otherwise. Maybe he could? Maybe his system could grant him this information.

Cassandra couldn't even respond but this was good, it meant that she was thinking about it because part of him thought she would turn him down right away.

But the lack of an immediate response was a positive sign and this was the last thing he said before leaving the house.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 109 - 109: Ex?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was leaving the apartment but at the door, he ran into the most unlikely of people.

"Who the fuck are you?" A man barked and Kyle didn't need to be told who this man was.

It was clearly her husband, he was much smaller than him, standing at a height of 5 '7 but Kyle didn't say a word.

He just looked at him, he didn't feel threatened by the scrawny man in front of him.

Is this why Cassandra invited him over because she knew this man was coming over?

If anything, why was he here to begin with?

There couldn't have been a worse timing than this but Kyle wasn't about to make a big deal out of this.

"Hello to you too," Kyle finally responded, looking down at him literally.

Luckily, Cassandra came out before the conversation could evolve into something violent.

"What are you doing here, Justin!?" Cassandra barked at him.

Justin was a balding man in his early-mid forties, he looked like a worn-out rag doll with the eyebags under his eyes telling a story of his struggles with life.

He was out of shape but the moustache hanging above his lips made him look like an 80s paedophile. Kyle almost chuckled upon seeing that this was the man that managed to land Cassandra.

"Beauty really is in the eye of the beholder," Kyle mocked the man right in front of him.

The way he swore at him, Kyle knew he could take him on in a fight so he had no idea why he was being so rude.

"What did you say!?" The man barked but that was all he was, all bark.

There was nothing else he could do and Kyle wasn't worried about him swinging either.

Kyle didn't move past a certain point, standing in place because this man struck him as a violent man.

"It is fine, Kyle," Cassandra could sense that Kyle perceived him to be a threat.

"We haven't even finalized the divorce and you're already hopping on the next dick? You really are a slut and this is why I will win custody," Justin cussed her out but Kyle didn't say a word.

He knew that this wasn't his fight to have and Cassandra should be able to handle herself.

If anything, he could see why she was getting a divorce and she also didn't seem affected by his words as it was met with an eye roll.

Kyle knew that this must be routine but the fact that the man wanted to fight for full custody could be another reason why Cassandra was hesitant to sleep with him.

It was slowly beginning to make sense and Kyle understood her situation better.

He walked off but not before brushing past the misfit in front of him. He didn't know why a man this old was acting in such an undignified manner.

There was no telling what this situation would be but he knew one thing, Kyle wasn't going to allow this man to win custody over that child.

And he had the financial means to get not only the best lawyers money has to offer but this would be the final push to win Cassandra over.

She was a mother, and naturally, she would be drawn to a man who could protect her and her child.

Kyle left the area, he could see the neighbours looking as if they were hungry for drama.

"God, I hate the suburbs," Kyle muttered under himself, exiting the neighbourhood with the same Uber he had come in, waiting for him.

There was a fee for waiting but Kyle didn't care because money was the least of his problems.

-

Calista walked into work feeling giddy after giving Kyle the present because it felt like they were having something real.

But she looked at the script once again and she saw something different.

It wasn't just a kissing scene but it involved one explicit scene where she had to expose herself.

Nudity would surely drive viewership and marketability but this was where Calista drew the line.

She approached Lucas in his office once again but he was busy on his laptop.

"You again? Are you here to complain about the script?" Lucas asked, expecting Calista to be passive.

She wouldn't have had a problem with the script if it had been there from the start but these changes felt impromptu.

She didn't have to put up with it and this was where she was going to make a stand.

He couldn't sleep with her so he wanted to humiliate her on camera?

She wanted to be taken seriously as an actress and the last thing she needed was a movie like this because even the softcore film she acted in never included full nudity.

The sex scenes were her either grinding or humping on someone to simulate intercourse, there was no nudity so this would be her first in that regard.

Even though there were flashes of her breasts on screen, the nipples were never exposed as they usually had a band around them that pertained to the scene.

"I'm sorry sir but I cannot do this scene," Calista outright told him, she didn't beat around the bush.

"If you don't do it, we will find someone else who will," Lucas responded once again but this was him bluffing.

"I think that would be for the best, this wasn't the script I signed up for. I was fine with you adding the kissing scene but propping me up as some sort of sex object– a scene that wasn't originally in the script?" Calista challenged him but she didn't wait for a response before heading for the door.

She felt her heart drop. Of course, this was too good to be true and all the expectations she had crumbled right in front of her.

She had gotten too excited about something but there she held him clamping his laptop shut.

"Fine, I will take the scene off the script," Lucas conceded because he knew that Calista was one of the few people he couldn't lose as her role went beyond him.

Favouritism if you will and he was the one that could be replaced but of course, Calista wasn't aware of this and he hoped to take advantage of the situation.

But she wasn't having any of it and Lucas knew his little games had to end.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 110 - 110: Taste Buds.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle left the area and the Uber driver was confused as to why he wanted him to wait outside for so long when he could have easily ordered another Uber without incurring additional charges.

There are some people that simply had too much money on them and this man in his backseat was an example of that.

He wasn't going to let him go without trying to somehow get more money from him but the moment he dropped Kyle off.

He looked at his phone and saw that Kyle had left a huge tip with a five-star review.

The man couldn't believe it, he didn't even need to ask for anything.

Kyle had dropped in at his just-opened nightclub to see how it was doing.

He was surprised to see how clean it was considering that it was a mess just the night before.

"Welcome boss," Nate greeted with a salute, he was energetic but Kyle knew why.

He got paid, there was no way anyone who got paid that amount wouldn't be excited.

"I can see you're taking care of things here," Kyle praised him but he noticed that there was no one else around.

That meant that Nate had either cleaned this place up himself or hired external help to do the job.

But judging from his tattered appearance, it was clear that he had done this job himself.

He was going above and beyond but there was no need to do such a thing.

Nate had already interviewed a few people that started work right away.

He retained the people in the restaurant section but none of the people he worked with directly last night.

They assumed Nate was one of them and Kyle was the one with the power, a right assumption and thus displayed their true personalities around him.

Kyle knew that Nate had a good sense of people's character and with the renovation of the apartment in progress, everything was going swimmingly.

It was now time for him to make his announcement into Hollywood, there was no doubt that his Nightclub would bring in multiple celebrities due to the amount he used in promoting it but Kyle added an additional rule.

A unique rule that made sure whatever happened in the club stayed in the club and that was submitting their smartphones at the entrance.

This made it impossible for anyone to record what was going on inside and allowed everyone to let loose without worrying about trending on social media.

Kyle knew this would provide a sense of security but it would also control what kind of deals could go on.

He knew that social media was a disease that celebrities couldn't escape because there was always someone with a phone in hand ready to post them.

This was to appeal to the higher-ups and due to the expensive furniture and drinks, this was no poor man's place even though the 50% off deal was still in place for a month.

"Nate, do you need help?" Kyle asked but Nate shook his head with such force that one would think it was about to fall off his neck.

Kyle got the message and walked into a different compartment, the drastic change in design would make anyone think they had walked into a different building altogether.

"Welcome sir, what can I get for you," A young lady greeted him but Kyle chuckled at this.

She was so full of energy, Kyle wanted to make this place like how Jones made that restaurant but didn't want to mix friendship with work.

Even though Mr. Jones would have been the perfect candidate to fill this role.

"Don't mind my daughter, sir. She isn't good with faces," An older man came out of the back.

This man was easily in his late fifties but he had an accent to go with it telling Kyle that this was a foreign chef.

Kyle looked around and saw the place was filled to the brim, people were eating and munching on food like this was their last meal but was this entire place handled by these two alone?

Kyle looked around and saw only two more workers here.

"Is this your team?" Kyle questioned with a raised brow and the man nodded right away to confirm this was the case.

"I expected something bigger, are you sure you won't overwork yourself?" Kyle questioned, showing concern for their health as he understood that pushing yourself too hard when it came to this sort of work could potentially make their body give up on them.

"I like my team small, it allows me to control the flow," The man assured Kyle.

Kyle looked down on his shirt and to his surprise, there was a nametag there already even though the rest didn't have one.

"Antoine," Kyle knew where he was from, he was French but he wondered if he had a secret rat in the kitchen giving him secret recipes.

Kyle wondered what kind of food was being served here but whatever it was, it was doing just fine.

But he knew tasting the food would help him understand why it was doing so well.

"What would you like to have sir?" Antoine asked him directly but Kyle had no idea what was even on the menu.

"You know what Antoine, give me a little of everything," Kyle requested.

He wasn't here to eat because he was hungry but rather to have an idea of what was being served.

-

Jane was hungover, she spent the rest of the night in bed, trying her best to sober up by drinking as much water as she could.

Ella had gone to work, she couldn't babysit her all day and Jane was fine with this.

It was just a hangover so she could take care of herself, she hated that Kyle had to bring them home.

She hated being an inconvenience but was also glad that he cared enough to go out of his way to make sure they were alright.

She stumbled to her feet and just like she suspected, Ella had made food for her.

All she had to do was to warm the food to consume.

"Oh Ella, what would I do without you," Jane praised her before warming the food to consume.

She didn't know what to do with the rest of her day. No, that wasn't right, she was going to text Kyle all day.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 111 - 111: Danger Alert?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle tasted the food, and everything on the menu and seeing as he was the owner of the place, everything was free.

These people weren't being paid based on their sales as they didn't rent the building but instead, worked directly under Kyle.

This meant that their income was fixed regardless of their sales so it gave them a lot more freedom because what they would earn monthly was equivalent to the profit they would have made on a good day.

This was a strange business module but making money wasn't the reason this place existed.

Antoine employing his young daughter to work for him was like giving their family two sources of income as Kyle was paying more than the minimum wage.

One could easily make a living off this and with his daughter a mere teenager, this was perfect for her to understand the working force a little bit.

Antoine had a restaurant back in France until he relocated here with his daughter after his wife divorced him.

He had problems since coming here, it wasn't easy establishing a restaurant here in America because there was no way for him to afford the recipes that were on his menu.

It was doomed to fail but this opportunity was something straight out of heaven because it not only saved him but kept his dying recipes alive.

Kyle tasted everything and he was astonished that something this good existed.

This man brought in original recipes and half of the things he tasted were things he had never eaten before.

Kyle couldn't believe something this good existed and he was tempted to ask for more but had to restrain himself because he was simply testing the meals served here.

He was done and he approved of this, these were some of the best meals he had eaten in his life.

Kyle was drawn from this world the moment his phone vibrated in his pocket, Kyle looked at it and was surprised to see a message from Jane.

She rarely started the conversation but this must be her being brave.

Kyle couldn't help but smile at his phone, he opened the message to see what she had sent.

[[Jane: Hi Kyle! I heard about last night and I'm so sorry to have been an inconvenience!]]

[[Kyle: It is alright, I don't mind being your knight in shining armor.]]

[[Jane: Hahaha! Thank you my knight in shining armor. What are you up to today?]]

[[Kyle: I have some business to round up but I don't have anything planned outside of that. Are you missing me?]]

Kyle was smiling at his phone, anyone looking at him would know he was talking to a girl he fancied.

Kyle waited for a response but it took a second later than usual to get one.

[[Jane: If I said yes, would you come?]]

Kyle was surprised that Jane was being this forward but this must have taken courage hence why it took so long for her to type.

She must have thought about it multiple times before hitting send but Kyle wanted her to think a little more.

He stared at the text with a wide smile on his face.

He saw Jane typing but the bubbles soon disappeared indicating that she had erased it.

"So fucking cute," Kyle said under his breath.

[[Kyle: In a heartbeat.]]

Kyle said, he got up and was ready to leave.

He knew part of this attraction was because she missed him but if she could see him whenever she wanted then she wouldn't miss him as much.

She began to type but erased it once again then started to type again but the bubble disappeared.

[[Jane: I miss you.]]

She took over five minutes of typing and erasing to send this, there was no way that three words took over five minutes.

This told Kyle that she was overthinking everything she sent to him but it also told him that she wasn't 100% comfortable with him or this wouldn't be happening.

It was a bittersweet feeling because Kyle knew he would only get this version of her once so it was best to savor it.

Antoine didn't charge Kyle but Kyle gave him a tip equivalent to the bill that would have been given to him if he was charged.

Kyle left the building soon after, it has multiple exists so he didn't need to walk past the club because this place had its exit.

He planned to meet Jane, why not but he ran into someone on his way out. It was Mike.

"What is with the timing today?" Kyle thought to himself. This was the same way he ran into Cassandra's husband and now Mike.

Both were people he didn't like but Mike didn't have that angry look in his eyes.

"I-I'm sorry…" Mike stuttered and Kyle couldn't help but wonder if this was the same problem.

He looked scared but this was none of Kyle's business.

Whatever was bothering him must have been the direct consequence of some action and knowing about his past, he knew he had to be careful around him.

" Kyle?" Mike questioned, he looked confused and Kyle raised a brow because he had been staring right at him throughout.

" Yeah?" Kyle responded in a dismissive tone reminding him that they weren't friends.

" Y-You need to help me, Kyle!" Mike shuddered, grabbing him by the collar.

" And why would I do that?" Kyle asked, breaking his grip on his collar and showing that the gym he had been going to was paying off.

" Because it is about Jane! She is in trouble!" Mike barked and this was enough to get Kyle's attention.

"What do you mean? Explain yourself," Kyle asked in a threatening tone but Mike looked over his shoulder.

"Here isn't safe, follow me," Mike urged him but Kyle didn't trust Mike enough to follow him anywhere; they had something in common and that was Jane.

This was the only reason Kyle followed him, a decision he would soon regret.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 112 - 112: Kyle Is In...!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was in a hurry and he followed Mike wherever it was that he was taking him.

He didn't know why he was doing this, if it was anyone else he would have asked questions but this was about Jane.

He could ask questions later; besides, there was no way that Mike was crazy enough to attack him in broad daylight.

The urgency in his voice, this couldn't be an act and if it was, he should be on the screen with Calista Wave.

He followed behind him, he was walking fast but Kyle wondered if he knew where he was.

There was no way he would run into him randomly and present this emergency.

It was too convenient so there was something suspicious about all of this.

"Tell me what the hell is going on, Mike!" Kyle barked, stopping in his tracks but Mike kept going.

"We are almost there! Don't stop!" Mike barked and this made Kyle pick up his pace.

Everything in Kyle was telling him to turn back but there was a chance that all of this was a ruse to get him secluded.

Kyle quickly understood that he had to take action and deal with whatever threat that Mike posed later.

But he noticed the further he followed him, the fewer people there were.

Mike was leading him somewhere to speak but this place was far too secluded, it wasn't like he was about to expose the CIA or something that he would need to take such drastic measures.

This was when Kyle knew something was up and knew he had to take action.

"Hey Mike, where are we going?" Kyle questioned, stopping in his tracks.

"This is far enough…" Mike muttered but his words fell on deaf ears as Kyle was too far to hear him.

He looked around and saw that this place looked like a den for the homeless, if he was going to be ambushed this would be the perfect place.

However, it was absurd that they would attempt something like this in the first place over Jane.

Mike couldn't be this deranged.

"Mike, what is this really about?" Kyle asked but Mke didn't say another word.

Three other people came out behind him with a baseball bat.

Kyle was beginning to understand why Ella was concerned and Mike used his relationship with Jane to bring him here.

"So the story was true," Kyle thought to himself.

Ella had a suspicion that Mike was more than met the eyes and this crowd right here confirmed he just might be scum.

Only degenerates moved with a crowd like this, these men had tattoos all over their bodies and he could tell that these weren't homeless people being paid to attack but actual criminals.

" So what, are you going to kill me?" Kyle asked, chuckling at the absurdity.

" Kill you? I'm not a monster Kyle but I hope you like vegetables," Mike turned and the facial expression he had on his face made even Kyle shudder.

Kyle was scared but he knew he couldn't let them know this.

He had to put up a brave face and knew he couldn't reason with Mike if he was willing to do this.

The man approached him from behind, laughing like hyenas as they dragged their metal bats along the ground but Kyle just froze.

Kyle knew he had to stall for time and the only place available to retreat was if he ran towards Mike but he didn't know what Mike had with him.

There was no way that he would be unharmed in this type of situation but Kyle knew he had to risk it because there was nothing going to save him at this point in time but himself.

If Mike was willing to go this far to get him away from Jane then he was right. Jane was in danger but the threat was him. There was no way in hell Kyle was about to leave Jane with this monster even if it meant him becoming a vegetable, he was going to take Mike down with him.

"Hurry up! " Kyle thought to himself right before the men charged at him and Mike acted as an observer with a grotesque grin on his face.

-

Nate was working when he suddenly received a notification from Kyle out of the blue.

Kyle never sent him a message and always called him when they had something to talk about so this was out of character for him.

He opened the message and saw that Kyle had simply shared his location.

He was out of the store and in what people would deem the bad part of Los Angeles.

Nate had to look at his phone closely to see if his eyes were deceiving him because Kyle was here only minutes ago.

"This is strange," Nate thought to himself because he knew that the only reason Kyle would share his location would be because he was either in danger or wanted him to come and find him.

Nate ran to the compartment that Kyle had entered.

"Where is Kyle!?" Nate asked, the urgency in his voice palpable.

"He left with a man not long ago," Antoine's daughter responded, oblivious to the situation at hand.

Nate realized that Kyle might be in danger and there was no way he was going to let something happen to him because Kyle wasn't only a man he had grown to respect but his direct source of income.

Nate hurried and dialed 911.

Unlike Kyle, Nate had a little fighting experience and could hold his own should a fight break out.

Nate gave the dispatcher all the information they needed while also sharing the live location that Kyle had shared with him.

Nate knew that Kyle would have called him if he could talk so the fact that he didn't even bother trying to reach him might be because he couldn't.

The last thing he would want was to call Kyle and they ask him to get rid of the phone.

Nate hurried to the location himself, shut the shop behind him, hopped on his bicycle and cycled in that direction.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 113 - 113: Bang!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle knew he had to buy time but the men approaching him had a single mission and that was to turn him into a brain-dead vegetable.

But then he remembered he had money, that was the ultimate power in the end.

"Are you sure you want to attack me when I can change your lives?" Kyle offered, his composure gave them the impression that he wasn't scared.

This helped in his stance as he noticed that they reacted to this, momentarily stopping in their tracks with a raised brow.

"What the fuck does this little bitch mean?" One of the men asked.

"$10,000,000? $20,000,000? Is it $50,000,000? Each?" Kyle questioned because he found a language that they finally responded to.

"There is no way he has that kind of money. Are you people buying it?" Mike dismissed it because he truly believed that Kyle was bluffing.

There was no way this man had that much sitting in his bank account, it was ridiculous.

The men continued to walk towards him, Kyle simply laughed because the men continued walking towards him with the bat in hand.

"Let's make this fun, how about I put a bounty on Mikey-boy there and the first person to bash his head in gets $100,000,000? And if I don't pay up, you could just kill me," Kyle shrugged.

The men became hesitant and Mike could no longer tell if Kyle was bluffing or not.

"Prove it to us you shit fuck!" The second man of the three barked but they all had one thing in common and that was their foul mouth.

The last thing Kyle expected from them was etiquette and knew they would need proof.

He took out his phone and tossed it towards them, they caught it and the men all gathered to see what he was trying to show them.

"Holy fucking hell!? Is that real!?" The third man out of the three questioned and Mike was beginning to sense that he might be in danger.

"Wait! Did you mean that shit about giving $100,000,000 to who bashes that fucker's head in?" The first man asked to which Kye simply nodded.

Kyle had sent his location to Nate the moment he sensed something was off but only thought to buy his way out of it as a last resort.

He wanted to buy time but he didn't know they would go for it.

"I'm sorry Mike, I know you will understand," They said as they handed Kyle back his phone while walking past him, headed right towards Mike.

"I knew something like this might happen, you cunts are fucking useless! I can't rely on anybody! I hope the money was worth your lives," Mike muttered.

The men charged towards him but three loud bangs rang out and they all dropped to the ground.

"W-Wai-!" One of the men tried to plead but Mike put a bullet right through his skull without flinching.

"What the fuck!? Did he just fucking kill them?" Kyle thought to himself.

He wasn't aware that Mike was a fucking killer or he wouldn't have attempted this because he now had the nozzle of a gun pointed right at him.

"I didn't want to kill you, Kyle. I know it may be hard to believe but I liked you," Mike blurted out.

"So what, are you going to kill me?" Kyle asked.

"Even in the face of death! You look so cool! At least beg or something for fuck's sake!" Mike barked with a look of disbelief.

"You want me to beg? Is that it? You want me to beg you to spare my life?" Kyle scoffed.

In reality, it was taking everything in him not to piss himself but once again, he couldn't give him that satisfaction.

He was beginning to realize that Mike felt small and he needed to feel superior to him before executing him.

Kyle knew he needed to stall for as long as possible.

"Get on your fucking knees!" Mike barked at him, Kyle noticed that the men he had killed.

He shot two with perfect accuracy, hitting them right in the head.

These were moving targets so he had experience with a gun and there was no way he could take him off guard either.

Kyle knew he would be shot in the head before he could take a step and there was no universe where he was faster than a bullet.

Kyle got on his knees, he couldn't agitate him even more or he might lose his cool and just put a bullet in his head.

"Now beg me to spare your miserable life," Mike screamed, waving the gun at him.

"Do you know what Jane said about you?" Kyle began and he knew there was no way he wouldn't want to know. That was the power of a curious mind.

"What the fuck are you talking about?" Mike asked.

"You know exactly what I'm talking about. She told me how she feels about you," Kyle said with a satisfied smile.

"I hope you don't think stalling for time will save you-!" Kyle knew he had to tell him something that would keep his mouth shut and he knew just what to say..

"I know about the girl you raped… Oh, Mike, the little rapist," Kyle teased him but with this information, there was no way for him to know if someone didn't tell him and he assumed that someone was Jane.

"Who the fuck told you that!?" Mike was losing his cool but this was what Kyle was hoping for, he needed an opening.

"Who else? Jane and guess what? She believed the accusations," Kyle said with a satisfied smile.

"You see? Killing me or not makes no difference, you will never get Jane!" Kyle mocked him.

"SHUT UP!" Mike screamed at the top of his lungs but an opening presented itself at this moment. He reached for the gun but a loud bang echoed in the distance with blood spilling onto the ground but whose?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 114 - 114: A Fatal Wound!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The gunshots echoed, and Nate, who was close to the area, heard them. This was when he understood the urgency of the situation.

Nate stopped the moment he did because there was a chance that these were the police.

The last thing he would want was to be caught in the crossfire but he hadn't heard any sirens.

It would make sense that the police arrived first considering how dangerous this area was

There was no way the police car wouldn't be nearby, and if they got the amber alert, then Nate had done all he could, but he had to trust the cops to do their job now.

He checked Kyle's location and noticed he was no longer moving.

He was stationary but Nate knew that Kyle should be able to survive long enough for the police to get to him.

He had to get off the road and this was why he opted to take shortcuts, he wasn't a stranger to this terrain either.

He had been here when he was younger even though the area wasn't in this state back then as it had become a den for criminals.

He saw multiple homeless people strung out on drugs and alcohol littered everywhere on the road.

This allowed him to move faster and undetected, he hoped Kyle was okay because he knew he wouldn't be able to forgive himself if he wasn't.

It took a little over a minute for Nate to close in on the target and in no time, he arrived at the location but there was nothing in sight.

Nate's body recoiled the moment he saw three dead bodies, there was no sign of a struggle because he didn't know that the police would attempt to go for the kill shot against people holding bats.

But he wasn't surprised, this was a common theme in America, and the value of human life was equivalent to a trending meme.

Nate wanted to run away but this was where Kyle's location ended so there was no doubt he was here but where?

Nate couldn't establish any visuals on him but managed to find his phone on the floor but what was more worrying was the trail of blood along the floor.

There was no sign of the police, if the police were the ones responsible, there was no way in hell they wouldn't secure the area.

That could only mean one thing, this wasn't done by the police.

Nate gulped; realizing that he might have bitten off more than he could chew but why was it taking the police so long to get here?

Nate decided to follow the blood trail because he knew time was the enemy.

"Kyle, what the hell have you gotten yourself into!?" Nate questioned, picking up one of the metal bars on the floor just in case he would need it, parking his bicycle some distance away.

Nate followed the blood trail into a rundown house, he didn't like the way things were looking but who did the blood belong to? But who would find them first? Nate or the police?

-

A few minutes prior to Nate arriving at the scene, a gunshot echoed the moment Kyle reached for the gun but Mike had missed.

He involuntarily pulled the trigger upon being startled by Kyle, this allowed Kyle to tackle him to the ground, inadvertently knocking the gun out of his hand.

They struggled on the ground for dominance, Kyle managed to land a few punches to his face but Mike was much stronger than him so there was only so much he could do in this situation.

It was only a matter of time before Mike regained control of the situation, knocking Kyle off him.

Kyle rolled on the floor but was closer to the gun than Mike.

Kyle dashed towards the gun, he didn't know if he was capable of killing a man but was about to find out.

But Kyle underestimated Mike, Mike displayed speed that shouldn't be possible for his body size.

He sprung to his feet and dashed towards the gun, Kyle got to it first and pointed it in Mike's direction but Mike slammed his foot right into Kyle's face, fracturing his jaw and sending him reeling.

This force nearly knocked him out but Kyle held on to his sanity as best as he could.

He knew that Mike was the real deal and needed to get out of here

He was no match for this monster and that was when he chose flight because he couldn't even reach his phone at this point.

There was a sharp pain in his rib and upon closer observations, he saw that Mike had a bloodied knife in his right hand.

Kyle clutched his abdomen and blood was spilling out of it but he still had the adrenaline coursing through his veins. He needed to get out before it subsided.

At that moment, he knew he had been stabbed but the adrenaline running through his body didn't let him feel the pain and Kyle took off.

He ran in a zig-zag formation and this made it harder for Mike to hit his mark, he fired a bullet or two before running out but none of those bullets hit their mark as it narrowly missed Kyle.

Before long, Kyle was out of sight, taking a sharp turn but Mike wasn't about to let him get away.

He had seen too much and if he reported to the authorities, there was no doubt that he had the influence to force these cops into action.

"You can't run forever, you fucker! You once told me you would put a bullet between my eyes. Isn't it funny Kyle? That I'm the one about to do that," Mike shouted.

He knew Kyle couldn't go far and the trail of blood on the ground gave away his location no matter how fast he ran.

He would eventually succumb to his wound and the game of cat and mouse began.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 115 - 115: Dead Or Alive? Where Is Kyle!?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jane was getting worried, it had been over thirty minutes without hearing from him.

Kyle wasn't one to go silent for this long so there had to be a reason for this.

She tried to call him but for some reason, it didn't go through and she couldn't understand why.

It went straight to voicemail but this shouldn't be the case because the phone was being tracked or was it?

The answer was no, Kyle's phone had gone off shortly after Nate had left the area.

This wasn't because of a low battery either so there was no way for Nate to have anticipated it.

Jane was worried and had no other way to contact Kyle, she didn't know any of his friends that she could reach to check in on him.

And there was only one person she could call to support her in this situation, that was Ella.

"Pick up! Pick up!" Jane muttered to herself, pacing around the house.

[[Hello Jane, are you alright?]]

"No! I'm freaking out! I think something bad happened to Kyle," Jane fired immediately.

She didn't hold back because she was aware that this was out of character for him and she couldn't explain it either but her gut feeling told her that he was in trouble.

[[What do you mean he is in trouble? What's going on Jane!?]] Ella was concerned.

She grew to like Kyle and there was no reason why she would be unaffected by any misfortune that befell him.

"He was supposed to meet me but I haven't heard anything from him and his phone isn't going through. I can't shake it but I feel something is wrong," Jane responded.

[[Or his phone could be dead? You do this a lot Jane…]] Ella called her out.

This was one of Jane's negative traits when she liked someone, she became affected by every single thing that they did.

She couldn't help her overthinking and Ella had to stop her friend's mind from spiraling out of control.

"You're right, he is probably fine…" Jane responded, taking a deep breath to calm her mind.

[[Now what do you plan to do with Kyle today?]] Ella diverted the conversation from her friend's fear while still keeping Kyle as the topic of the conversation.

"I don't know… I haven't thought about it…" Jane confessed.

And now that she was thinking about it, it gave her anxiety because the last thing she would want Kyle to think was she was boring.

She had to entertain him like he managed to entertain her, what would she even cook?

Would she be able to cook as good as him?

She couldn't use the same method he used and Ella could tell by her silence that she was overthinking it.

[[No need to overthink it, the best moments are those that happen spontaneously.]] Ella reassured her.

"You're right. Thank you so much, Ella," Jane showed her gratitude before hanging up the phone.

She still couldn't shake the feeling that something was wrong and little did she know, she was right.

-

Nate had done the smart thing, he took Kyle's phone with him so the police would track him directly through the GPS.

But the phone died and by doing this, Nate had inadvertently thrown off the police tracking him because they had to use a different path to intercept him.

The blood trail would have been found if the phone had been left there, the police couldn't reach there with their vehicles and would have had to use their foot but they would have been able to track the blood trail.

But by Nate taking the phone, the police no longer had any reason to come to that specific location and simply took a different route to intercept this signal.

And that would throw them off the blood trail, the place the signal was lost was during the time that Nate had taken a wrong turn.

This meant that there was no police coming, at least not for a while.

-

Nate found the end of the trail, it was within a building that looked abandoned, he was frightened and his heart was thumping as well.

Nate knew the police were coming but didn't know how long it would take for them to come here.

This worried him but even in the movies, the police never came on time.

They only came when the chaos was all over but Nate was hoping that this wouldn't be the case.

He was confident in his fighting ability but if there was a gun involved then the chances that he would be successful was close to zero unless he could somehow catch the assailant with a sneak attack.

That was his only hope of coming out of this situation alive, he pushed the door open and the place was dark.

Nate could barely see the trail, the blood was being absorbed by the dusty ground.

All he was met with was darkness and silence.

"... Kyle?" Nate called out in a whisper, taking out his phone and triggering the flashlight but he didn't need to search for long because he heard a painful grunt coming from behind a door that was barely standing.

"Kyle?" Nate called out once again, clutching his bat with one hand because he didn't know who or what was behind that door.

He called Kyle but he wasn't getting any response, he tried to open the door but realized it was locked from within.

"Huh…? Nate muttered the moment his feet came into contact with something damp.

At that moment, he knew whoever was behind that door would give him the answer.

Nate tried to force it open but to no avail. Luckily, he had a metal baseball bat and the old wooden door must have taken a beat just moments ago because it looked like it was on the verge of breaking.

Nate began to pound away at the door with the bat until the door gave way and what he saw next was horrid.

It was Kyle curled up in a puddle of his blood.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 116 - 116: He Is... Dead?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle had been stabbed but the good news was that he was still breathing.

He managed to get away from Mike by locking himself behind this door and with Mike running out of bullets.

He had to break through the door to get to Kyle but he couldn't get through.

He saw that Kyle was bleeding out either way so there was a near 2% chance he would survive but this was only because he didn't know that Kyle had taken precautionary measures already.

Kyle's quick thinking might have potentially saved his life but he wasn't out of the woods yet.

Nate was terrified, he quickly took out his phone and dialed 911 once again to ask for an ambulance.

He didn't care about the police anymore but the police nearby received this alert.

They knew it had to be related to the case they had been sent to handle.

This allowed them to reach the location a lot sooner.

Nate noted that Kyle had lost a lot of blood, it was a miracle he was still conscious.

Kyle's body was getting cold and something told him that if he allowed him to sleep, he wasn't going to wake up.

"Kyle! Stay with me!" Nate barked at him, but he had to be careful.

He didn't know why but the thought of someone attempting to take his life was frightening.

Nate couldn't believe that someone would go through this length, he didn't know Kyle all that but murder was crossing the line.

If Kyle hadn't locked himself here, he would have been slaughtered, the only thing that saved him was the door.

Nate didn't know if he was to move Kyle from his location or leave him.

He didn't know the extent of his injury but he saw where Kyle's limb hand was.

He quickly raised his shirt and noticed it was a stab wound.

Nate immediately removed his shirt and pressed it against the wound to apply as much pressure as he could.

Kyle didn't even react to the pain anymore because his body was numb.

But the sirens outside told Nate that it was only a matter of time.

"IN HERE!!!" Nate screamed at the top of his lungs and they rushed in.

The police officers on the scene immediately spread out to secure the area.

They had to make sure that the threat wasn't around.

The police officers heard faint gunshots but they were too far away to pinpoint it.

And with this area being a haven for crime, this wasn't a strange occurrence.

Police officers tended to stay out of their place unless they were specifically called.

An officer pulled Nate away from Kyle, taking over the first aid.

It was only a matter of time before his body went into shock, he had lost too much blood.

"Stay with me sir," The officer tried his best to reassure him in the calmest voice he could muster.

Another set of sirens echoed outside, these were the ambulances and they had arrived faster than the police did.

It showed that the dispatcher had already sent an ambulance their way during Nate's first call.

The second call simply helped them confirm his current location, this was the ultimate reason why they had arrived so fast.

They quickly placed an oxygen mask around his face before putting him on a stretcher and carting him away.

Nate tried to follow him but the police officers needed more information at that moment.

They also needed to allow the paramedics to do their jobs and they wouldn't be able to do that with Nate in the ambulance being a nuisance.

But the big question was, would Kyle make it?

That question was answered moments later as his heart flatlined.

"We have lost him! Begin chest compressions!" One of the paramedics commanded and the desperate attempt to save his life began.

If Kyle died, there would be no way to tie Mike to the murders unless Antoine had taken a good look at him.

He was the only loose end.

-

Calista's stand showed her that she did have a say in the way the movie plays out as long as it deviated from the original plotline.

This included the kissing scene, which was returned to the script they had presented.

She noticed that Lorenzo looked relieved as well which was surprising, she expected him to jump at the chance to have that kind of access to her.

But this wasn't a problem, she didn't see it as a bad thing– quite the opposite.

"I'm so relieved you spoke up, I could never do that," Lorenzo confessed the moment that Calista was having this thought, it was almost like he read her mind.

The other cast looked at her with a sign of respect as well because it wasn't only her script that had been perverted.

This single brave act would ultimately shape how she was perceived in this studio.

"I didn't do much, I just said what we were all thinking," Calista tried her best to be humble.

"We thought it and you said it," Lorenzo responded.

"I don't think my boyfriend would appreciate me locking lips with a woman as beautiful as you on my first major movie," Lorenzo added and there it was.

" You're gay? I would never have guessed!" Calista exclaimed, shocked at this sudden revelation but it made sense.

"You expected me to be some sassy drama queen?" Lorenzo questioned, he spoke like a normal person but this allowed Calista to heave a huge sigh of relief.

If he was into men then there was nothing to worry about but she also knew that bisexual people existed so she couldn't be too relaxed.

Hollywood depicted a certain way over the years and that's effeminate.

The man before he was anything but that, he had a masculine air around him but did these people cast him knowing that? But once again, like he could read her thoughts, he responded.

He placed his finger over his lips before whispering.

"It is a secret,"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 117 - 117: Grim Reaper... Teased.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nate closed down the section to the building he was responsible for, he didn't know what else to do because business couldn't come to a standstill.

He didn't want anyone to know what had happened until he had to reveal this information.

Nate tried to together if someone suspicious had entered the club last night or if Kyle had any altercation that would make someone want to hurt him.

How did the person manage to get Kyle to follow them?

It had to be someone he knew or Kyle might have raised an alarm.

No. What if the person threatened to shoot up the place and Kyle had no choice but to follow them?

He was a rich man that just opened a club walking around without security.

However, no one could tell he was wealthy simply by looking at him but this was the only thing Nate could do.

Kyle was in the ICU, he wondered if Kyle had any family to call or otherwise.

The hospital would have contacted his next of kin but it had been a few hours and no one had come.

Nate would imagine that they would drop everything and rush towards the hospital the moment they heard their loved one was in danger.

But that wasn't the case, Kyle was fighting for his life and he had no one but Nate.

This robbed Nate the wrong way but there was nothing he could do about it but be present for him.

The fact that he was in the ICU right away, was a reflection of how urgent this situation was.

But a doctor soon came out and he had a grim expression.

Nate hoped that he was simply exhausted rather than having some bad news.

"Are you the one responsible for the patient who came in earlier?" the doctor asked, to which Nate nodded.

He heaved a loud sigh. This was the same doctor who had taken care of Ella on that fateful day.

So in a sense, he knew Kyle.

"I'm happy to say that the patient is stable but has lost too much blood," The man reported.

Nate didn't know if he should be relieved or not, losing too much blood couldn't be a good thing.

"Do you need my blood!?" Nate questioned, the desperation in his voice telling the doctor he would do anything.

"There is no need to worry about that. Our blood bank is taking care of that," The doctor pointed out and he doubted that Nate could donate.

Kyle had one of the rarest blood types, AB- and they knew that if they transfused the limited blood in their bank, they could potentially have a new donor.

But before the conversation could develop any further, Jane and Ella came busting through the day.

Nate recognized both ladies from last night.

"Where is he!? How's he!?" Jane questioned, ignoring everyone around her as she went straight to the familiar doctor.

The self-conscious Jane no longer cares about how she is perceived at that moment.

The doctor had called them because he didn't have anyone to call regarding Kyle when he was initially brought in, Nate only came hours after the call.

"He is fine. Unconscious but fine, the surgery was successful," The doctor reassured her.

"H-How did this happen?" Ella questioned.

They were both out of breath suggesting that they had run here.

"I'm afraid I cannot go into details but it appears the patient was stabbed but it just missed his vital organ, an inch deeper and we would have had a different outcome," The doctor confessed.

However, he reassured them everything would be alright before leaving the vicinity.

"You… You were at the club last night," Jane pointed out.

Unlike Ella, she wasn't aware that Kyle was the owner of the place.

"That is right. I also remember you too…" Nate said, pausing as he stole a glance at Ella.

She was even more beautiful than he remembered but now wasn't the time for such thoughts.

"Kyle and I are… friends," Nate introduced himself but the pause before the last sentence made it sound like he was uncertain about their relationship.

He wondered why Kyle chose him of all people. He trusted him with his life and that wasn't something Nate was ever going to take for granted.

Nate explained the situation to them in great detail before he could complete the story.

Jane hugged upon realizing that this man right here had saved his life.

"Thank you so much!" Jane sobbed. The thought was scary because she could have lost Kyle.

Ella realized, at that moment, that Jane's worry earlier that day must have been about this.

She felt guilty that she dismissed it because what if Kyle had died?

Ella knew she would never forgive herself if that happened but who would want to hurt him?

That was the big question.

-

The assailant, Mike, returned home to clean himself. He didn't know why Jane made him do this.

If only she agreed to go out with him then none of this would have happened but he had removed the problem.

Mike truly believed that he had done the right thing and there was a slim chance that he was already dead.

Mike was certain that he struck a vital organ but Kyle's body jerked back at the last second, this was unknown to Mike or he would have finished the job.

He stabbed and twisted it within to open up the wound, if that knife made contact with a vital organ, there was no way Kyle would survive even with the paramedics in play as it would have been too late.

Mike hummed and danced in front of a mirror with a broad smile on his face

He tossed his clothes inside the washing machine but Kyle's suspicions about Mike were spot on.

Mike was a dangerous man that needed to be stopped but he was even better at covering his tracks as he muttered under his breath.

"One more…"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 118 - 118: Ma... Ma? [Trigger Warning!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was unconscious but that didn't mean his mind was dead so where was it?

Unlike the nightmares he has been having, Kyle couldn't voluntarily wake up from this.

But unlike his previous nightmares, he was self-aware that he was in a dream.

Kyle had no idea this time, to him, what he was experiencing was as real as it gets.

He was a boy, no more than seven, seated on a deserted table.

The pieces of furniture were worn out, there was no way that this apartment was healthy enough to live in.

Yet a child was on the table with a bowl of cereal right in front of him and the sound of a radio blasting off in the distance.

"You stupid bitch! I told you to get rid of it but you don't fucking listen now look at the mess we are in!" A man barked behind the door.

"Don't speak that way about him! He is your son!" A woman screamed back.

"My son? I'm not even sure that thing is human! Fuck it! I'm done!" The man screamed.

Kyle just sat there, eating his cereal, unmoved by everything he had heard.

This was a frequent occurrence in this household and the fact that he was being blamed for their unfortunate predicament showed that they weren't ready for a child.

Kyle was the repercussion of unprotected sex by two young people who hadn't even figured life out.

One wanted to keep it, the other wanted to get rid of it but unfortunately for the man, there was nothing that he could do about it.

"My choice, my body" This was the beginning of the hatred he had for Kyle because his family was in support of his then-girlfriend so he had no choice but to be a father to Kyle.

The door opened and a woman came into view but her features couldn't be made up.

She was a black silhouette, he couldn't make out any of her features.

The woman was sobbing and once again, Kyle just sat there eating his cereal.

He was unaffected by everything going on around him or would it be more accurate to say that he was dissociating?

"Maybe he is right… Maybe I should have gotten rid of you," The lady said and before Kyle knew it, the cereal in front of him that was swimming in milk soon turned red.

"Huh?" Kyle thought to himself and before he could compose his words, hands shot out from the bowl and dragged him in.

Kyle found himself drowning, he couldn't see or breathe, and he struggled but to no avail.

There was no way that his smaller body could put up much of a fight because of his smaller body.

Kyle managed to come up for air and found himself in a bathtub with a woman's hands around his neck.

"Mama?" These words inadvertently left his lips before being plunged into the water once again.

This was the woman who had defended his existence moments ago so why was she the one trying to kill him?

He could hear her muffled words beneath the water but could not make out what it was she was saying.

"I should have listened to your father! You don't deserve to live!" The female silhouette screamed.

Kyle recognized it, it was the same one he saw in the dark, there was something familiar about it and that was because she was his mother.

Kyle gave up the moment he saw it was his mother, he stopped fighting.

She was right, he hadn't done anything but bring her pain and his body covered in bruises showed that he acted as a tool for her abuse.

It wasn't always this way, his mother once loved him. In a twisted sense, Kyle believed she still did because she still had use for him even if it was to act as an outlet for her abuse.

But it became increasingly worse when his father abandoned them.

She hated Kyle because she began to see everything the man said, she sacrificed her education to raise him.

But he was soon brought up for air with the woman sobbing and apologizing.

"I'm so sorry! Mommy is sorry! I'm sorry!" She pleaded, hugging her soaked son for forgiveness.

However, in response to this, all Kyle did was smile because it confirmed that his mother still had use for him– she still loved him.

-

Jane and Ella stayed there in the hospital with Nate returning to work, he used this opportunity to give Ella his number. Informing her to contact him should the situation change here.

"How're you feeling?" Ella asked Jane but Jane was lost in thought.

"Jane?" Ella called out her name, gently placing her hand on hers to slowly ease her back to reality.

"I-I'm sorry, I was just thinking about…" Jane was visibly worried, she couldn't believe that someone tried to kill Kyle. But the thought of losing him made her heart ache beyond comprehension.

"It is fine… Everything will be fine," Ella assured her but there was no way for her to know this.

She knew Kyle was a rich man so there was no way that he wouldn't make any enemies but how bad must it be to try and take his life in broad daylight?

Jane began to sob, Ella couldn't blame her, she wasn't as close to Kyle as Jane and even she was greatly affected by this.

Ella held Jane in her arms, stroking her hair gently to comfort her as best as she could.

She knew silence was the best course of action right now, all that they needed to do was be there for Kyle when he woke up.

Ella told herself that she would never question Jane's intuition again.

They were glad that the ordeal was over or was it just beginning? That was to be seen because they saw the police walking into the hospital.

"Hm…" Ella thought to herself, she didn't allow Jane to see them because this would only make her overthink but there was no way that they were coming to take Kyle away.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 119 - 119: A New Target? [Trigger Warning!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ella and Jane spent the entire day in the hospital, Ella had seen the police and eventually, Jane saw them as well but only after she had calmed down.

Kyle was still unconscious so there wasn't anything the police could do but this attack looked like he was targeted.

It wasn't just a random robbery but an assassination attempt, the fact that Kyle would have ended in a worse state if he hadn't fought back.

He couldn't imagine living the rest of his life as a vegetable and instead, chose to fight.

If he was going to have his life ruined, he wanted to do so by fighting.

Kyle made a decision that saved his life because there was no way he would have seen this coming. But he was alive so that was enough for him.

He thought that Mike was simply a man taken by love but didn't know he was willing to go this far just because his ego was hurt.

Kyle was trapped in a nightmare, reliving the memories he had forced himself to forget, a never-ending loop of abuse and torment.

Kyle's father never laid a hand on him, all the physical abuse was from his mother because the older he got, the more he looked like his dad.

His mother saw him as a constant reminder of the man she had grown to hate and to cope with their hatred, she used Kyle as the placeholder of the abuse she wished she wished she could inflict on him.

It was a never-ending cycle of abuse and this ultimately warped Kyle's perception of what love should be like.

But in the end, his mother couldn't take it anymore and decided to imprint an image that triggered him to repress every memory leading up to that point.

Kyle came home from one of his daily hustles, he assisted his mother with the bills as best as he could but he was just 7, and what he could do was severely limited.

He earned way below the minimum wage but as a kid, he shouldn't even be working at all.

"Mama! I'm back!" Kyle exclaimed, excited by his haul today but he got no response from her.

Kyle assumed she was out and decided to pour himself some cereal and milk but they had run out of milk.

Kyle didn't know what else to do, so he took the plastic jug of milk and walked over to the sink, pouring some water inside and shaking it.

He returned to his chair and poured it into his cereal– it was more water than milk but it had to do.

Kyle ate and slept for a few hours but when he woke up, his mother was nowhere to be seen.

Kyle wasn't in a hurry to find her because she disappeared for days at a time forcing him to take care of himself.

This was no way for a 7-year-old to live but after a week, there was a disgusting smell coming from his mother's room.

Kyle never went there, she forbade him from entering but the smell was so bad that he had no choice.

Kyle broke his mother's rule and entered her room only to see her lifeless body hanging from the ceiling.

She was already decomposing and at that moment, Kyle's memory fractured.

This was the moment that Kyle forced himself to forget every traumatic event he had gone through reshaping his childhood with false memories.

-

Night had fallen and Antonio was leaving the area with his daughter.

Their shift was over and another set of people would take over for the rest of the night.

People personally approved of him because it was his kitchen so they followed his rules.

He was glad that Kyle came into his life because there was no telling what kind of future awaited him if Kyle didn't show up when he did.

Antonio needed to get some sleep and knew that his daughter would be a nuisance without him around.

Antonio didn't have a car, he couldn't afford one but didn't need to because he lived just around the corner.

He thought about these moments as an opportunity to bond with his daughter who would soon be off to college, this was why he preferred walking home rather than hailing a cab even if it took a little longer.

However, this might be a different night because someone was lurking in the darkness.

Antonio would come to regret this decision because the same man who put Kyle in the hospital was ultimately after his life.

This was clearly not Mike's first time taking a life, he was too calm and composed.

He must have done this numerous times but if he was about this life, what was he doing working in an Apple store?

The man and his daughter took multiple turns and they ultimately ran into Mike standing right in front of them.

Mike barged into him and the man quickly apologized, looking Mike right in the eye but the way he looked at him, Antonio had no idea how this was.

Mike could tell by the way he reacted and he had a choice to make.

Mike let him walk past him because any other thing he did, he risked leaving an impression but who remembers the random stranger you bumped into in the road? No one but if that stranger attempted to interact with you, he leaves an impression that allows you to recall that event with greater detail.

Mike realized that going on a killing spree would no doubt attract attention and if this man didn't know who he was, there was no need to harm.

Mike heaved a sigh of relief with a broad smile on his face.

"Get it together Mike, we have gotten rid of that fucker," Mike thought to himself but only if he knew that he failed in his assassination attempt on Kyle.

He would have been far more cautious with how he walked around on the street.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 120 - 120: 3 More...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mike felt euphoric, it had been years since he did something like this but the satisfaction he felt when he dug his knife into him made the hair on his body stand.

He would have liked to put a bullet through his head but he couldn't do that unfortunately.

Kyle made sure he ran out of bullets and he didn't have another cartridge to reload his gun with.

Heck, he didn't even know he would need it in the first place but Kyle found a way to wriggle out of the situation but he was glad that he was dead now.

"Jane, I wonder how you are…" Mike said, staring at her name on his phone but he decided to give her a call nonetheless.

Her phone rang a couple of times but there was no answer until the automated voice took him to voice note but Mike wasn't interested in this.

He tried again and this time she picked up but she sounded distraught, Mike assumed that this was because of Kyle's disappearance as there was no way someone of his status disappearing for the entire day wouldn't go unnoticed.

"Are you okay?" Mike wore the mask of a friend but Jane's voice was cracked.

[[I'm not okay, Mike…]] Jane confessed, there was no point in lying about it.

"What's wrong? Do you have a cold or have you been crying?" Mike questioned.

He wanted to confirm that things were going according to plan, if she could talk then there was no way that Kyle's death had reached her or she would have shut down.

[[It is Kyle…]] Jane stopped herself from completing the sentence but before she could complete it, a sign of struggle could be heard there.

"Um… Jane? Are you okay?" Mike questioned.

[[Mike, leave her alone. She's in no state to talk to you…]] Ella barked but she didn't hang up the phone because Jane took it back soon after.

"Ella really doesn't like me, does she?" Mike laughed it off.

[[It isn't like that. We're at the hospital with Kyle so everyone is a little tense…]] Jane confessed.

It was past midnight so what the hell were they doing there but that wasn't the detail that surprised Mike.

"Kyle… is in the hospital?" Mike's voice broke.

He was sure that he had delivered a fatal wound, there was no way for him to survive that attack because it was a fatal blow, wasn't it?

[[I'm sorry! I didn't mean to get you worried but the doctor said he will be fine.]] Jane responded.

She heard his voice break and mistook that for him worrying about Kyle when it was the opposite.

Mike could hear Ella in the background telling her to hang up but Mike had one more question to ask.

"Which hospital are you?" But this was a question he never got the answer to because the phone hung up.

Mike's eyes widened in shock, he couldn't believe that Kyle survived the ordeal because there was only one thing he could do to rectify his mistake.

He had to find Kyle and kill him before he could speak to the police because he was unconscious and in no condition to talk to the cops even though Mke had no idea what state he was in.

Mike had a rough idea of the hospital that Kyle was in and that was the same one that Ella had been admitted to earlier.

But he knew the area would be under surveillance by the police, Kyle was a high profile man after all but Mike wasn't aware that to the police, Kyle was just a normal person but this was the advantage of false perception.

This could very well be the thing that saves his life.

-

The night passed and a new day arrived, Kyle was still unconscious but he was all right.

He might not be awake but his body was responding to treatment and the blood transfusion was a success as well. This was good news because they didn't have too many blood bags to spare.

The surgery had sewed together the torn flesh and the ruptured intensities within.

Jane and Ella spent the entire night there, it was understandable that Jane did this but Ella had no reason to.

She could easily support her friend from a distance so was she here because of Jane or Kyle?

Ella warned Jane to cut down on her communication with Mike because it might be deemed inappropriate to give him access to everything that was going on in her life, she knew that Jane might not see it as a big deal but this was mostly due to her inexperience but this was why she was here– to guide her.

She wasn't going to let Jane ruin what she had with Kyle with someone as inconsequential as Mike.

Ella was becoming stern in her stance and even though Jane didn't like it, she understood where Ella was coming from.

You can't be friends with someone that has shown an interest in you, the friendship ends there and then.

This was either Jane being hopeful or simply being nice but it wasn't helping her relationship with Kyle.

She needed to show Kyle what she was all about and hope that qualifies her to be his girlfriend.

The police officers were still lingering about and Nate came as early as he could to see how Kyle was doing.

"Good morning mate," Ella greeted but the way she pronounced it made it hard for him to pick out the connotation.

"Hi Ella, how're you?" Nate greeted her, she hadn't showered or freshed up yet she still looked so good.

Nate was surprised but before he could be drawn in fully, he looked over at Jane to greet her as well.

He could tell by a single look who was more affected by this, Jane had been crying and it was obvious due to her bloodshot eyes.

But a police officer finally approached them

after a brief conversation with the doctor.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 121 - 121: 3 Days Later.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It took Kyle three days to wake up from his slumber; in that timeframe. A lot had happened.

The throbbing headache that rocked his head was persistent, it felt like his brain was going into labour and Kyle could barely think straight alongside the pain in his torso.

The nurses gathered around him to make sure that he was alright. They checked his vitals before confirming there was nothing wrong with him.

Kyle could remember everything he dreamt about within those three days but the moment his eyes opened, it flooded in with everything he tried his best to forget.

Kyle just began to sob, no one knew why he was crying or what was going on but the most logical conclusion.

He must have been scared he nearly died but this was all that they concluded.

Kyle wasn't allowed to see anyone just yet until he spoke to the police because they had discovered the bodies there.

There was no telling who was responsible for their deaths because they were killed with a gun while Kyle had a knife wound, not a bullet.

This was the only complication as it could be Kyle that fired those shots to kill these three people even if it was in self-defense. But before he could do it, they managed to stab him but there was no one else there.

There were only three bodies and no murder weapon available and this was why they needed Kyle to piece together the information that they had.

Two police officers walked into his room and sat across his bed but Kyle wasn't uneasy by their presence.

"Mr. Kyle, it is good to see you're well," The male officer began the conversation.

Kyle's eyes darted at the female officer, she had a buzz cut but a very intimidating aura.

"It is good to be alive, I guess…" Kyle responded.

"I'm Officer Oliver and that over there is my partner…" Oliver paused, waiting for his partner to introduce herself.

"I'm Officer Priscilla and we are here to ask you some questions regarding the attack," Priscilla had a deep yet almost hypnotic voice.

If Kyle hadn't looked at her, he would have assumed it was a man he was speaking to, but with the way America was, there was a good chance that Priscilla was Patrick.

"What do I remember…." Kyle muttered out loud. He sounded disoriented like he couldn't recall the events, but that was impossible.

There was nothing that he couldn't remember so this was Kyle acting the fool.

"Anything would be helpful, Kyle," Priscilla encouraged him to speak up.

"I can't remember, it all feels hazy…" Kyle muttered but this was common for victims of such attacks to forget the events that put them in that state.

"I remember going for a walk and someone asking for my help. I don't know why but I followed them. I sort of blacked out after that," Kyle lied but there was no reason for this.

If he told the police officers the truth, they would have moved in to get Mike arrested.

But that would be the end of it, Kyle knew he didn't have enough evidence.

He knew how important evidence was and if he somehow told the police that Mike was responsible and he got off because there was no evidence.

There would be eyes on Mike and this wouldn't allow Kyle to enact his revenge.

He didn't want Mike arrested, he wanted him dead and this was why he lied to the police.

All he needed to do was show them the CCTV footage. He learned from Ryder and installed this in the building.

He used the latest technology, it wasn't an eyesore and people wouldn't even know that there was CCTV, that was the point of it.

This would establish Mike made contact with Kyle that day but it wouldn't be enough to put him at the crime scene.

Or at least, this was what Kyle believed would happen and he knew that the best-case scenario would be Mike ending up in prison.

He didn't want that, that would be too light a punishment but Kyle wasn't a killer either so this was a tricky situation for him.

"Do you remember anything else?" Priscilla asked, jotting down what was being said on her notepad.

Kyle knew lying to a police officer could be a crime if it interfered with the investigation of an active crime scene but that was only if they were caught.

"If you remember anything. Here is my card," Priscilla handed him a card with her contact information.

Kyle took it but had no intention of letting them know that it was Mike who attacked him.

Because if he revealed this information carelessly then there was a good chance that Jane would be affected as well.

"Say, Kyle. Do you own a gun?" Oliver questioned Kyle, this was an important question because if he said no then that would mean that there was a fourth person on the loose.

"No, I have never even held one before," Kyle responded in a dismissive tone.

Oliver shot Priscilla a telling glance because both of them knew what this meant.

He didn't know how far Mike was willing to go but he wasn't going to risk anything whatsoever.

The police officers left his room and Kyle heaved a loud sigh of relief.

.He couldn't believe that things had gotten this complicated but he wanted this to be chalked off as a random attack by strangers that tried to rob him.

But the fact that there were bodies increased the severity of this situation and Kyle's story wasn't adding up.

If they decided to rob him, who killed them? It wasn't illegal to own a firearm/

Was it possible that Kyle had an unlikely hero? That wasn't accurate because the shots Mike had missed damaged the walls in the nearby building.

This meant that someone shot at Kyle and missed, that was the most likely scenario at this point.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 122 - 122: The Man Who Could Not Be Killed.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jane rushed into the hospital room the moment she was given the clear with Ella trailing behind her.

They wanted to hear all the information that Kyle had to give because there was no telling if this would happen again.

The moment Jane saw Kyle, she jumped on him, forgetting for a brief second that he was recovering from a stab wound.

Jane didn't care at that moment and tightened her grip around him.

"H-Hey…!" Kyle struggled to say amidst the pain from every inch of his body but he soon felt something moist drop on his shoulder.

It was Jane's tears, Kyle smiled, realizing that she must have been scared out of her mind.

Kyle looked at Ella and she couldn't hold in her smile because she too was as scared as Jane but she hid it a lot better than her best friend.

God, you look like shit," Ella said under her breath and Kyle chuckled at this because it caught him off guard.

"ELLA!" Jane called her out, looking back at her friend while in Kyle's arms.

"It is fine, Jane. It is fine," Kyle reassured her because he saw the humour in the statement as she wasn't wrong either way.

He did look like shit but that was what being unconscious for two days does to a person, he was unkempt and looked tired due to the eyebags under his eyes.

It brought him back to the days he was stressed about his daily life with little to no income to get by but the ladies also looked like shit even though he didn't say it.

He knew that they only looked this way because of him, they stayed in the hospital to make sure he was alright when they didn't need to.

Nate was nowhere to be seen, Kyle vaguely remembered hearing his voice before he lost consciousness, Nate was the one who saved his life.

Kyle realized that he was right to keep Nate because there was no way that anyone else would have reached him as fast as Nate did.

By putting himself in that environment, Nate put himself in danger because what would have happened if Mike was still around?

There was no way for Nate to fight Mike, Mike was on another level and he didn't fight to win, he fought to kill.

That gave him the edge as he didn't hold anything back but luckily, none of that happened.

They spoke for a bit but then Jane revealed something that sent chills down Kyle's bones.

"You know, Mike called and he sounded worried when I told him you were in the hospital," Jane informed Kyle but Kyle's body immediately went limp.

He recalled the event that nearly took his life but hearing the man that was responsible calling to check in on him was nothing short of psychotic.

Ella noticed the drastic change in his body language and kissed her teeth in irritation.

Why did Jane feel the need to bring him up when she had told her numerous times that Mike wasn't a topic she should discuss casually with Kyle?

"Mike called?" Kyle questioned and Jane nodded to confirm this because she didn't want to keep anything from Kyle but sometimes, full transparency wasn't the answer.

"Yes! I think you two will get along well," Jane was hopeful but all Kyle did was smile before slowly breaking away from her.

"I bet we will," Kyle said and Ella quickly intercepted the conversation.

"We should probably leave you to rest. Don't go dying on us," Ella said.

The way she spoke to him sounded a lot like they were friends, it brought a smile to his face.

"If I die, who takes care of you both?" Kyle questioned to which Ella chuckled.

"You need to be more careful Kyle, I don't know what happened but we were worried," Ella confessed.

"We?" Kyle found an opportunity to tease her to which Ella rolled her eyes.

"You should head home and freshen up. I know you are both exhausted but I'm alive and well," Kyle reassured them.

He knew that they couldn't stay here forever and needed to get on with their lives because the last thing he would want to be was a liability.

Jane and Ella agreed with him but once again, Kyle didn't let loose any information regarding the attack.

No one knew what happened, all they knew was that he was attacked by some random people after he tried to help them.

As Ella and Jane were walking out, in came Nate with the wildest smile on his face.

"YOU ARE ALIVE!" Nate screamed at the top of his lungs before charging at Kyle like a bull.

"W-Wait!" Kyle knew he had to stop him because, unlike Jane, Nate was sure to cause massive fall damage.

-

"Hey Jane…" Ella called her name as they were in the Uber, returning home.

"Yes Ella, is there a problem?" Jane responded.

"Did you notice Kyle tense up the moment you called Mike's name?" Ella questioned but the look on Jane's face gave her the answer she sought.

"He was surprised that Mike was worried," Jane responded with a sigh.

"I shouldn't have brought that up, should I?" Jane realized that she might have made a mistake because talking about Mike took the attention away from Kyle.

Even though this wasn't her intention, she could see how it could be translated like this.

"That's not it… I know that body language, he was frightened," Ella thought to herself.

She had spent years living with Jane, a girl who was bullied throughout her childhood so she could pick up on these things but why would Kyle be scared of Mike?

Jane knew it wasn't in her place to dig deeper into this as it might do more harm than good.

But her curiosity needed to be satisfied.

"No, you shouldn't, at least not then," Ella confessed.

Ella made sure to give Jane the reality checks she needed because she was the only one who would.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 123 - 123: A Visitor Or..
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Calista was so busy with her acting but even with that, she got worried when she couldn't reach Kyle. There was no way she could and tried visiting him but there was no one home.

This made her restless and it began to affect her job because she couldn't take her mind off him.

"Where are you, Kyle!?" Calista muttered under her breath with her phone in hand.

She was reckless and couldn't believe that she hadn't heard from Kyle for some time now.

She began to question if he had ghosted her, that was the only logical explanation for something this drastic to happen.

Calista hated how affected she was by this but it wasn't in her place to make a scene.

This was always a possibility, she knew that it would happen sooner or later but she got ahead of herself and began to get too comfortable.

This was why she kept it simple but Kyle had managed to break through her defense.

In the end, she wasn't surprised that this was the result.

She actually thought she could keep someone like Kyle even after she had been a bitch to him?

Kyle had shown her a lifestyle that no one else would be able to live up to.

She kept checking her phone and Lorenzo noticed this.

He noted that she was uneasy and decided to talk to her about what could potentially be troubling her.

"Are you alright?" Lorenzo questioned but Calista's attention was on her phone.

Lorenzo's words fell on deaf ears but Calista snapped out of it the moment her phone rang.

She looked at it and saw it was a call from Kyle.

Only then did she look up and see Lorenzo standing there, wondering how long he had been there

Calista picked up the call without hesitation and every thought she had melted away the moment she heard those words.

[[Hey you…]]

Calista had a wide smile on her face and Lorenzo didn't need to be a detective to know that whoever was at the other end of the phone must have been the reason for her unusual behaviour these past couple of days.

"Kyle! Where have you been!?" Calista couldn't hold back but Kyle realized that she must have been worried out of her mind.

However, he couldn't have her worry about him even more so he had to pick between lying and telling the truth.

A lie would have been more effective but Kyle learned a thing from Jane, honesty.

That was the most reassuring thing a person can give another and Kyle told her everything that happened to him these past couple of days– at least the version he told the others.

Calista's jaw dropped and she realized that Kyle could have died with her not knowing any better.

This frightened her and made her realize that she needed to be more involved in Kyle's life.

She got embarrassed that she thought this was about her when he was fighting for his life, it made her feel selfish.

Calista had a scene to act but couldn't focus, she wanted to go to Kyle.

Lorenzo noticed that she needed to go and sighed upon seeing how restless she was.

"AHHHG!" Lorenzo suddenly screamed at the top of his lungs and everyone looked in his direction, startled.

"What's wrong!?" Calista was closest to him.

"Go…" Lorenzo said in a whisper, they were supposed to act a scene together but there was no way for that scene to go on if one of them was unable to.

Lorenzo was pretending to have an episode.

Calista mouthed a "thank you" to him and left the studio to go to Kyle.

-

Kyle was affected by his three-day slumber, it felt like he rediscovered a lost part of himself.

He couldn't shake it off but knew he might have to revisit the home he grew up in.

Everything that Kyle experienced in that nightmare wasn't how he remembered it.

This included his mother's death but these were thoughts that he couldn't dwell on right now.

"Man, fuck my life…" Kyle muttered under his breath.

He realized how easy it was for him to lose everything he had, all it would take was a fatal wound.

But it wasn't the adrenaline in his body that saved him, it was the endurance that the system he has been blessed bestowed upon him when he drew the lottery.

Kyle knew that Mike couldn't come here to finish the job as it was too risky.

If not the CCTV camera but the security, this hospital was in no way cheap especially Kyle, who had been moved into the VVIP section.

That was how the hospital operated, they had a slave for the everyday people and a specialized location for the rich. This setting worked because it meant that they could treat everyone without depriving one of service.

There was a certain fee you pay, Kyle paid that fee the moment the ladies were gone with his black card and was moved to that part of the hospital.

It had heightened security but the most important part of this compartment was the comfort.

It was far more comfortable, the service was more or less the same as the other section.

The doctors and nurses were alert, they treated every life like it mattered, an art that has been lost in other hospitals.

Kyle was ushered into a room and Calista was on her way so they would get all the privacy they would need but something told Kyle he was in for a scolding.

"Mister Kyle, you have a guest," A nurse informed Kyle.

"Oi system, show me Calista's location," Kyle requested and a cyan screen appeared to show that it wasn't her, she was approximately five minutes away.

It couldn't be Jane, Ella, or Nate either.

"Sir?" The nurse asked, waiting for an answer but Kyle knew he had to be careful with his choice because there was o

only one person came to mind.

And that was Mike.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 124 - 124: Bonds.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was worried about who could be waiting to see him, but he had nothing to lose.

Even if it was Mike, this wasn't a movie—there was no way Mike could do anything to him here and get away with it.

That would be foolish. Kyle was safest here, but there was nothing he could do if he was caught lacking outside.

Mike had already demonstrated that he could take a life without batting an eye, but Kyle wasn't sure he could do the same.

Kyle was frightened by this prospect and knew that it was one thing he wouldn't be able to foresee, as it was his emotions speaking for him.

Kyle gave the nurse permission to bring in the visitor, but his eyes were already darting around the room, searching for something to defend himself with if the situation called for it.

However, he was shocked to see that it was Jones standing at the door.

"Wait, what?" Kyle blurted out, confused by how Jones knew about his situation. There was no reason for him to be aware of it.

"Surprised to see me?" Jones spoke softly. He didn't know Kyle's current mental state, so he chose the gentle approach.

Kyle was still in disbelief. "Of course I am! Are you stalking me now!?" he barked, but quickly winced in pain, clutching his torso.

"Boy, ain't nobody stalking you," Jones shot him down, sitting in the chair available in Kyle's room.

Jones pulled out his phone and showed Kyle something. Kyle was surprised to see that he had unknowingly sent the location not only to Nate but also to Jones.

Jones was one of his most frequent contacts, and in the chaos of the moment, Kyle hadn't taken the time to double-check his messages. But this still didn't explain how Jones had found him.

"Oh… my bad, I didn't mean to bother you," Kyle apologized. Jones had his own problems and responsibilities; the last thing he needed was to worry about another grown adult.

"Bother me? You NOT paying your rent for months bothered me, not this," Jones reassured him, letting him know he wasn't a bother.

What Jones didn't tell Kyle was that he had searched over ten hospitals looking for him, and because Kyle wasn't registered under his real name, there was nothing that could be done.

Nate had thought registering Kyle under a false name would be the safest option. If someone were to try a premeditated murder, registering him under his real name would make it easier for the killer to track him down, so Nate had used his own name instead.

Calista's visit to his home and her admission that she hadn't been in contact with Kyle only reinforced the idea that something had happened to him. The next day, Jones began his search.

The only reason Ella and Jane knew about the situation was because the doctor had a relationship with them.

Kyle was attacked, and Jones was worried not because of business but because Kyle was his friend. Calista had called him right after speaking with Kyle, and they exchanged contact information to stay updated on any developments regarding his disappearance.

Jones looked haggard. Kyle could tell with a glance that he was stressed, and there was no way he looked like this because of his fight with Aiysha.

Kyle knew why, but neither of them said a word. It was nice knowing he had people who would look out for him. In that moment, Kyle knew he wasn't alone.

They sat in comfortable silence, both relieved to see each other, but those feelings went unspoken.

Jones could tell that Kyle was shaken—who wouldn't be after an attempt on their life?

Kyle tried to act like he was okay, but not everyone was fooled by the mask he wore.

Calista soon joined them, surprised to see Jones already there, even though she had told him when she was on her way.

But her attention was on Kyle. She couldn't believe that she nearly lost him.

She just stood there awkwardly.

"I think I forgot my freezer in my car," Jones blurted out. It made no sense, but it was an excuse to leave them alone.

Calista didn't know what to do, even with Jones out of the room.

"Come here," Kyle gestured, and she walked slowly toward him. The closer she got, the heavier her heart became as she realized the gravity of the situation.

The first tear escaped her eyes, but she quickly wiped it away. That didn't stop the flood that followed.

Calista had lost control. The relief she felt seeing Kyle was overshadowed by the fear of losing him.

She slowly buried herself in his arms, and Kyle realized that she probably needed more comfort than he did.

"I… I thought you ghosted me," Calista confessed.

"Technically, I nearly did," Kyle replied, as quick-witted as ever, and Calista quickly pulled back to look him in the eyes.

"That's not funny! You nearly fucking died!" Calista barked.

"Death can have me when it earns me," Kyle quoted a video game character he was fond of.

"YOU AREN'T KRATOS!" Calista exclaimed, but Kyle was more impressed that she knew where the quote came from, considering there was no way she was the gaming type.

"Wait, you know it!?" Kyle asked, sounding almost excited.

"Social media exists, these things pop up!" Calista replied, confused as to why this was important.

"You could have died, Kyle. I hope they catch the person who did this and burn him in acid!" Calista couldn't contain her rage.

"Relax or I might get turned on, you know…" Kyle responded, but all Calista did was roll her eyes in annoyance.

She couldn't understand how he was so calm about this, but she also knew that he probably didn't want her to worry about it.

This was his way of protecting her, and she understood it.

Even in this state, he was still thinking about her, and that summed up the kind of man he was.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 125 - 125: Kyle Makes His Move.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There was nothing that could be done because Kyle was scheduled to be released the next day, but all the visitors had already come through. He recalled everything that happened that day, and his weakness made him sick. It was something he knew he couldn't live with.

He felt disgusted that he was at the mercy of another person when that shouldn't be the case. Kyle was going to get his revenge, and to do that, he needed Mike to remain untouched. He was angry and knew that things would be different this time if they met.

Kyle wasn't willing—or rather, couldn't—take a life, even if he wanted to.

Jones and Calista had left the hospital, leaving Kyle alone to collect himself. The doctor came in and asked if Kyle needed anything else. One of the perks here was better meals.

"You know, I might have lied to everyone," Kyle blurted out, surprising the doctor.

"Pardon?" The doctor responded, but Kyle only smiled.

"Don't worry about it. Can I be discharged early?" Kyle asked, but the doctor was skeptical.

On paper, Kyle was fine and could be discharged today. But an extra day was just to be cautious. So, if the doctor did decide to discharge him early, he wouldn't be breaking any rules. Kyle had already established from their earlier conversation that the doctor could be swayed by money.

And that's exactly what Kyle was going to use. The doctor accepted without hesitation.

Kyle signed his release form, and he was out of there that night. He had something to do and couldn't risk dragging anyone else into it.

Mike would most likely be in hiding now, after learning that he had survived. But no one was coming after him. That was strange, considering the police must have spoken to Kyle. Yet, Mike's house was untouched. This told Kyle all he needed to know, and he decided to keep an eye on Mike.

Night had fallen, and Kyle left the hospital in the late hours. Given what had happened to him recently, one would think he would stay in the hospital until the sun rose. But Kyle booked an Uber, not to return to his apartment, but to a nearby hotel to spend the night. He didn't want anyone to know his location, knowing the chances of Mike knowing where he lived were high. Jane also seemed to be in contact with him, so there was a chance she might have slipped up.

Kyle didn't care about any of this, though. He knew he could use Jane to lure Mike out because there was no way Mike would make his move with Kyle still alive.

Mike planned to use Kyle's death to get closer to Jane—a shoulder to cry on is a dick to ride on, or so the saying goes. There was no way Jane wouldn't succumb emotionally at her lowest, even with Ella acting as an obstacle.

Mike didn't like Ella. He knew she was becoming a hindrance to his plans of conquering Jane. But why was Mike so obsessed with her? He wasn't an ugly man. He could easily find another woman if he truly wanted one. Yet, he remained fixated on Jane.

That was simple: Jane had shown him a side of herself that most women these days didn't have. She was modest. She didn't flirt with random men, nor was she all over social media begging for attention. She was content in her own little world, never acting out of character. But the real trust of it was that Mike needed her to feed his ego. He couldn't accept that the girl no one had conquered was being conquered by a man who had come out of nowhere.

He wasn't going to allow that. But it went deeper than that—killing another man over a woman was a bit over the top. Mike was a man who got off on technicalities after his sexual assault charges were dropped. But that was simple: he had threatened the woman and her family, and he was more than capable of carrying out that threat.

Mike had a small gang he rolled with, indulging in illegal activities, often including hits on rival gangs. However, no one knew about this side of his life because he had left it behind. But something about Kyle threatening to kill him made Mike feel disrespected. He had lived that life, so seeing some rich punk claiming he could take his life left a bitter taste in his mouth.

Mike wanted to show Kyle that he wasn't about that life, so he called a few of his contacts and decided to teach him a lesson. However, Kyle turned the situation around and forced Mike's hand. This was the only reason things had escalated to the current point.

It angered Mike that Kyle had managed to take control of a situation he should have had no control over. In a sense, Mike could argue it was self-defense because the people Kyle had offered to pay to "bash his head in" were going to kill him. One could say it was a kill-or-be-killed situation because Mike never brought Kyle out there with the intention of taking his life. His emotions got the best of him in that moment.

None of that mattered now. Mike had crossed a line, and he was about to find out how far Kyle was willing to go to correct that.

Kyle checked into an expensive hotel and walked to his room. But Kyle had also bought a low-end laptop from a random person he met in a café, spending approximately $1,500, an absurd amount but he planned to get rid of it the moment he was done. This was because he wanted to access things he didn't want tied back to him, even though the person who sold him the laptop had already formatted it.

Kyle had heard about the dark web before but never thought he would need to access it.

"Fight fire with fire…" Kyle muttered to himself with a sinister grin.

.

.

.

A/N: I'm planning to turn the smut scenes into little comic strips for my fellow perverts out there.

So if you want this to come true, let the castles loose!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 126 - 126: Knock, Knock. Who Is There?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle realized thirty minutes into the dark web that this was a terrible idea. There was no way he could go through with it—not because he was scared, but because he knew things could go sideways. There were men even worse than Mike out there. The last thing he needed was a man like John Wick in his vicinity. He clamped the laptop shut despite the hesitation being present.

"What the fuck am I doing?"

Kyle thought to himself. Mike had fucked him up, but he knew this was something he couldn't do, regardless of how much he wanted to because this was a point of no return.

Kyle stood out on the balcony, looking down. For a moment, he considered jumping, but he quickly dismissed the thought. It was just an intrusive thought, not because he wanted to kill himself. He couldn't believe he had even entertained it. He was about to order a fucking hit on Mike? To take his life?

He just needed time to recollect his thoughts. There was something deeply upsetting about all of this because he couldn't do anything about it. But Kyle also knew there was a chance that Mike would make another attempt on his life. He needed to be out of his reach until he figured out what to do.

"Hello, Jane…"

Kyle called her phone. Jane was surprised to hear from him at this hour but sensed it must be urgent.

[[Kyle? Is everything okay?]]

Jane's voice crackled with concern. She was ready to rush to the hospital if need be.

"No, silly, nothing's wrong. I need something from you,"

Kyle responded.

[[Sure, anything you want.]]

Jane replied, eager to know what was going on.

"Can you send me Mike's number?"

Kyle asked. Jane found this strange. Mike and Kyle didn't get along, but that was just on the surface. Their relationship must have changed, but she wasn't going to pry.

[[Absolutely!]]

Jane replied. She didn't mention that Mike had called earlier that night to check in and see how things were going with Kyle. Ella had told her to exercise restraint in certain situations, and now didn't seem like the right time to bring up Mike again, even if he was the subject of the conversation.

[[Is there anything else you need?]]

Jane asked, noticing Kyle had gone quiet for a moment. She just wanted to make sure he was still there.

"Jane, do you trust me?"

Kyle's voice was distant.

[[Of course I do!]]

Jane answered without hesitation.

"I needed to hear that…"

Kyle responded, before the call abruptly ended.

"That was weird…" Jane muttered to herself. Ella, who was awake, perked up and was willing to listen.

One of the perks of signing with this agency was that Jane no longer had to search for jobs herself or work long hours to make ends meet.

"What was weird? Was that Kyle?"

Ella asked, already knowing it must be something serious.

Jane nodded.

"He asked for Mike's number,"

she replied, her concern evident. The only reason she was worried was because of what Kyle had said at the end of the call. Why had he asked her that question as if he was about to make a bad decision?

"Huh? What does he want with Mike's number?"

Ella responded. She knew Kyle had always been uneasy about Mike's name, or maybe she was reading into it too much.

"I don't know, but he sounded distant, distracted…"

Jane replied. Ella could tell Jane was genuinely worried, and for once, she wanted her friend to trust her instincts.

"How do you feel about it, Jane?"

Ella asked.

"I have a feeling Kyle's about to do something bad,"

Jane admitted, though she couldn't explain why. She hoped Ella could make sense of it.

"When was the last time you spoke to Mike?"

Ella asked, trying to piece together what was going on with the limited information she had.

"Uh, tonight…"

Jane responded, sounding almost apologetic, as though she expected to be scolded.

"What did you talk about?"

Ella pressed, urgency creeping into her voice.

"He just asked how Kyle was doing, that's all,"

Jane answered, though something about it felt off.

Ella had already told Kyle about Mike and what he'd done, so there was no way they would become friends. Kyle would never care about Mike, so why would Mike suddenly start keeping tabs on him?

As she thought it through, Ella realized Mike might be connected to whatever was going on with Kyle. That seemed to be the only explanation for his newfound interest in Kyle. It was no secret that Mike had a thing for Jane, but Ella knew Jane wouldn't be enough of a reason for Mike's behavior.

"Jane, I want you to call Mike right now,"

Ella ordered, her tone leaving no room for argument.

But Jane hesitated. She didn't want to get caught in the middle of whatever was going on between Kyle and Mike. She'd already made up her mind: if things got bad, she'd cut Mike off. Kyle was the one she saw a future with, not Mike.

"Are you sure that's a good idea?"

Jane asked, already dreading the call.

Ella grabbed her phone and dialed Mike's number. It went to voicemail. She tried again, and this time Mike picked up, though his voice sounded muffled.

[[Hello…]]

Mike greeted, his voice coming from behind a door.

"Jane, hide!"

Ella hissed, but Jane didn't understand.

"What do you mean? What's going on?"

Jane asked, confused. Unlike Ella, she hadn't made the connection yet.

Mike rang the doorbell, and Jane instantly realized Ella knew what she was doing. Without a word, she locked herself in her room. They could have called the police, but that might have only provoked Mike. The last thing they needed was to escalate the situation.

"Mike, what the hell are you doing here at this time?"

Ella barked over the phone.

[[I think you know…]]

Mike's cold voice echoed, sending a chill through Ella's spine.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 127 - 127: Mike Snaps.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ella didn't know what Mike was doing here but she knew it wasn't a coincidence either so she had to be careful.

It was well past midnight and he came here with no prior notice either but Ella knew that things needed to be nipped in the bud.

"Mike, I have called the cops!" Ella screamed, hoping this would dissuade him from carrying out whatever it was he was planning.

[[Are you sure about that?]] Mike responded from the other end of the phone and this confirmed that he was still on the phone so it was impossible for her to call 911.

But then she heard the keyhole make a series of strange noises like someone was trying to breach it from outside but then there was silence.

Ella ran to the kitchen to grab a knife but she hung up the phone and dialed 911.

Mike knew the police wouldn't respond immediately so he had nothing to worry about even if she did call them,

She wouldn't be able to give any information regarding him because you see, Mike wasn't even his real name.

"SOMEONE IS TRYING TO BREAK INTO MY HOUSE! I DON'T KNOW WHAT IS HAPPENING BUT HE WANTS TO HARM US!" Ella shouted at the top of her lungs.

But the silence she heard outside caught her off guard because it looked like Mike had conceded and ran away.

However, that wasn't the case as a loud thud could be heard against the door and on the second try, the door gave way and Mike stood there with an evil grin across his face.

"That wasn't very nice of you, Ella," Mike said before walking towards her, she had the phone on her ear.

"Hang it over now," Mike commanded but Ella knew if she did then she would have no means of communication.

The emergency service was still active so they could hear everything that was happening, this included tracking their location.

She just needed to stay on the phone a little longer but Mike was gaining in on her, he knew what she was doing.

Ella wasn't Jane, he had no problems hurting her and this was why he charged at her intending to do just that.

Ella tried to back away but Mike was faster, smacking her right in the face with the back of his hand sending her tumbling while simultaneously retrieving the phone and putting an end to it.

"I have no problem hurting you, Ella…" Mike said, giving her a second look.

She only had on a loose shirt and panties, her sexy thighs exposed for all to see but there was nothing wrong with this considering she wasn't with any bother but Jane.

And those eyes, the way Mike was looking at her, there was no doubt what was on his mind.

He wanted a taste of the woman before him but Jane finally came out.

"The star of the show has arrived!" Mike exclaimed in a theatrical voice.

"W-What are you doing Mike?" Jane barked, stepping in front of Ella to prevent further harm from coming to her.

She knew that Mike wouldn't hurt her or it would betray everything she thought about him.

If anything, she hoped that he would show restraint.

"That depends on you, how about you come with me and I leave the bitch with her pretty face intact," Mike didn't care about holding up his image anymore.

If Kyle survived, it was only a matter of time before word got out either way and this allowed him more freedom to act out his true desires.

The mask was finally down and he wanted to take Jane but for what? This was the end game and there was no way that Jane would give him her affection under these circumstances.

But he didn't care, if he couldn't have her willingly he might as well do so forcefully.

"J-Jane! Don't listen to him," Ella barked but Mike knew that Jane wouldn't fold.

If anything, she was the type of person who put her friends above herself and if she refused, she didn't know what Mike would do to Ella.

He would use Ella to punish her until she folded but with the police possibly on their way, Mike knew he had to act fast.

He reached for his waist and brought out a gun, pointing it right at Ella. Ella was horrified because she knew that Mike wasn't giving Jane a choice.

It was either she followed him or he put a bullet in Ella's head.

Kyle's decision to not involve the police or hide the truth from everyone ultimately backfired.

"What are you doing!?" Jane was scared, her voice shaking with fear.

"Follow me and I won't have to kill this bitch," Mike spewed profanity like it was his first language.

"Ella, I'm sorry," Jane said, she knew that Ella wouldn't want her to follow him because there was a chance that she wouldn't come back.

Her faith in the police wasn't strong, they could only work with limited information given to them as well.

It finally clicked at this moment, Ella looked at Mike with so much hatred that made him momentarily uneasy.

"It was you! You were the one who attacked Kyle!" Ella barked but Mike didn't react to this accusation.

Jane looked horrified, she couldn't believe what she was hearing but that would make sense as to why he was here.

She didn't know this side of him even existed. No, she didn't have any idea who the man before her was, this wasn't Mike. This wasn't her friend she had known over the years.

"W-Why would you do that?" Jane questioned but Mike simply sighed.

"I ran out of bullets, that is the only reason he is alive… It is because of you that I know he is alive, you helped me Jane because you never knew how to keep your damn mouth shut," Mike mocked her before grabbing her by the wrist and yanking her.

"Let's go!"

Ella watched her friend leave her side and there was nothing that could be done.

She sobbed but Jane had to be brave, there was nothing any of them could do at that moment because if this man was willing to take Kyle's life.

It must not be his first time and Mike had smashed her phone before leaving so she couldn't contact anyone. But what was Mike's plan with Jane?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 128 - 128: A Race Against Time.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mike had taken Jane away and there was nothing anyone else could do now.

Ella had been smacked over her head a bit too hard and could barely think straight seeing as she was suffering from a concussion.

Ella tried her best to compose her thoughts, but she couldn't even stand straight. The police were on their way, but what was done was done.

Mike had Jane and there was nothing that she could do about it, Jane had protected her once again.

Ella couldn't do anything but there was one more person that might be able to do something with his influence and that was Kyle.

She wondered why Kyle didn't tell them and one could blame him for the current occurrence as this caught them off guard.

If they did know information about the danger that Mike possessed then it would have been easier to handle the situation.

There was no way in hell they would have spent the night at their place nor would Mike have that freedom to move freely.

Ella found a target for her rage and that was Kyle, she was justified even though she understood that Kyle was trying to protect Jane.

If that was the case, what happened to her? He could have told her just like she told him about the kind of man that Mike was.

There was something wrong with all of this but Ella remembered that Jane had kept her old phone.

She rushed to the room and found the phone, quickly searching for the contact and just as she thought, Kyle's number was still in the call history.

She inserted her sim and dialed him up immediately, it didn't even ring once for Kyle to pick up.

"H-He got Jane… Mike has Jane!" Ella began to sob, she couldn't hold in her tears.

Kyle didn't say a word, prompting Ella to wonder if he heard.

"It is all your fault! You should have told us or the police! It is because of you that psycho has Jane!" Ella barked but once again, she was met with silence.

Kyle knew she needed to get this off her chest more than anything but never predicted that Mike would go to such lengths.

Kyle sighed at the other end of the phone, this only angered Ella all the more.

[[I will take care of it but no matter what you do, don't get the police involved.]] Kyle warned but Ella didn't have that faith like Jane did in him.

There was no way she was about to gamble her friend's life away.

"AND WHAT DO YOU PLAN TO DO!?" Ella barked.

[[I plan to take her place, it is me he wants…]] Kyle responded, there was no hint of fear in his voice.

"What do you mean you will take her place!? I'm involving the police, I cannot risk my friend's life on your word!" Ella was losing her mind.

[[Ella, what do you think will happen if you corner Mike? Do you think he will just let Jane go or take her out with him?]] Kyle questioned.

Mike had the if I can't have her, no one else can mindset or at least that was what the situation had evolved into.

Ella thought about this for a moment, she realised that Kyle might be right as murder-suicide was a common theme in such cases.

"What can you do then?" Ella questioned.

[[I cannot tell you that but I need you to trust me.]] Kyle requested. Ella bit her lips, she was angry but Kyle was being logical.

The way he spoke told her he might have it under control and she kissed her teeth in irritation before hanging up the phone.

-

Kyle hung up the phone and the look in his eyes was one of pure rage, he thought Mike would be smart enough to leave the woman out of it but it looked like he had no code.

"Mike, you fucking piece of shit!" Kyle cussed under his voice, and all the emotions he felt came rushing through him.

He was certain that Mike would try to reach out to him, that would be the only reason to get Jane but he also regretted not being more intimate with Jane or he would have been able to get her location. Wait a minute, the only reason that Cassandra's information was limited was due to the fact she wasn't in his harem so he had to make up for the lack of affection with intimacy?

But Jane shouldn't follow that same rule, she was in his harem with maxed-out affection.

Kyle knew he had nothing to lose and made sure that he would give it a try.

"Where is Jane's location!?" Kyle asked but his system didn't give him an immediate response.

But then the familiar cyan screen appeared.

[Ding!]

[Calculating Geolocation….!]

Kyle's heart began to thump, he didn't know this would work but the response was positive.

He found a way to keep the police out of it because he finally made up his mind the moment that call came through.

Kyle was going to make sure that Mike wouldn't see another night and the element of surprise was something that he had because there was no way that Mike would anticipate this.

[Location found!]

[Current location: XXX-XXX-XXX!]

"Keep it on! Keep tracking!" Kyle commanded/

The relief that overcame Kyle couldn't be explained but he saw a mini map dangling in front of him showing where Jane was headed.

Kyle didn't hesitate, he picked up his car so he could track them but they did so quietly, no one knew he had returned to the apartment.

This took a little over fifteen minutes, if Mike was going to make any move, it would be in the morning.

Tonight was for securing Jane and he had time on his hands as well but why was he still on the road? That didn't matter because Kyle got into his car and drove off.

He drove like a maniac but thanks to his skills, he didn't need to worry about crashing.

It was like a cheat code in a video game that allowed the user to auto-dodge obstacles, except the automated feature was his reflexes.

Kyle hit the pedal, tearing through the street like he was in a race, he didn't care about the speed limit.

"Hang in there Jane!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 129 - 129: Wait For Me Jane.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was going to settle it all tonight and was gaining on Mike, he wasn't going to fight Mike on the road or he might risk putting Jane in danger.

He hated that he had to do this but Mike made the fatal mistake of involving Jane.

She belonged to him and he wasn't going to let anyone spoil her, especially not a dog like Mike.

Kyle noticed that Mike must have reached his location because Jane was stationary, it had been that way for more than thirty minutes so they must have reached their destination.

He knew he had to be patient, he had to wait and when he neared the location, he turned off the headlights of his car, effectively blinding himself.

Kyle parked his car and left it, he made up the rest of the distance on foot but this place was deserted.

There wasn't a building in sight, Kyle couldn't understand what was going on but where did he plan to keep Jane?

But his question was soon answered, Kyle noticed that there was a town, if it could be called that because the few buildings standing there were in a state.

He couldn't understand what Mike intended to do with Jane but this would be the perfect place to confront him.

There was no one around here, it looked like someone tried to build a city here and abandoned the project halfway due to the location that it was saturated.

There was no way for electricity to find its way here nor was water accessible.

Kyle wasn't aware that such a place existed until now but that was partly due to the fact that he didn't go anywhere.

Kyle was a man who liked to stay in the comfort of his home, nothing was bringing him out here for any reason whatsoever.

However, he remained hidden because something told him that Mike wasn't the only person there.

And he was right because he heard a few voices in the distance but he wasn't sure if they were with Mike or just people that decided to stay here.

It would beat being homeless on the street because here they had buildings to take shelter in but they had limited access to water so it was highly unlikely that they were homeless.

He wasn't some soldier in the secret service, Kyle knew he could barely fight one person talkless of multiple people, he would not only have his ass beat but the chances of that happening without him landing a punch were high.

Kyle knew that the lottery ticket he had responded to the situation but he had no lottery tickets left. He knew that a lottery ticket might save him from this situation and the fact that Kyle could think clearly under these circumstances was impressive in itself.

He knew that he was given a ticket with every milestone reached and the next one in line was to spend $1,000,000,000 but he didn't have that much money in his bank account, which was ironic considering he had a system that could grant him that in minutes.

Kyle checked his phone but he had no signal, he wanted to send money to Calista and proceed to send the cashback rewards as well to total a billion but that was out of the equation because there was no signal to carry out the transfer.

This place was like a dead zone but Kyle knew that his system should bypass this advantage, it would be silly to rely on a mobile network to make transactions when the system randomly dumped money in his account so it should be able to transfer it out as well, shouldn't it?

Kyle was about to discover another function of his system and that was its ability to make transfers by its host's command.

"I want you to transfer $20,000,000 from my account into Isabella's account…" Kyle instructed his system. He knew that she was the only one who could send this money without too many questions being asked. He couldn't send it to Calista or Aiysha, that would bring up a ton of questions but Isabella, he could simply disguise it as funds for the agency even though the amount was insane. It would be the perfect cover and that was what Kyle needed right now, he needed that billionaire status. He had roughly over $400,000,000 in his account before this transfer and sending $20,000,000 to Isabella effectively brought it to the original value of $400,000,000.

This was quick thinking from Kyle because the requirements to be a billionaire were achieved.

[Ding!]

[Transaction in progress…]

[Transaction complete!]

[Ding!]

[Spent $20,000,000. 50X Critical Hit. Earned $1,000,000,000! The money has been transferred to account XXX-XXX-XXX!]

[Spent at least $20,000,000 on a beautiful lady!]

[You have received 1 extreme lottery!]

[Do you want to draw?]

[YES][NO]

The familiar cyan screen appeared in front of him and Kyle couldn't contain his smile because he wasn't sure this would work.

He couldn't send money to just anyone as he didn't have their account, weaponizing his attraction for Isabella but that was the entire point of the system.

He knew he had to think on his feet and managed to do that, he chose [YES] without a moment's hesitation.

He knew that this moment could ultimately impact whether Jane came out of this unscathed or not.

[Congratulations! You have drawn Extreme Copycat!]

[Extreme Copycat: this user can perfectly copy any actions he sees and mimic!]

Kyle understood that this was a skill that worked a lot like his Total Recall except it granted him the ability to remember everything so it was like this was given as a compliment to that.

Kyle was relieved because he was a gamer and a person who watched a lot of movies but was it applicable in real time? He had seen a lot of useless self-defense videos online and the last thing he would want is to try and disarm a man with the wrong knowledge only to be shot in the balls.

That was the question because seeing how it is done in a movie is one thing, knowing whether it is a realistic action or not is another.

Kyle wasn't going to gamble his life on that and instead chose to mimic stealth but this skill gave him the avenue to learn actual combat styles with it.

Kyle also noticed that he was given only a single lottery but he wasn't surprised considering the system was upgraded with a better multiplier meaning it wasn't as tasking as it would have been to get to a billion.

Kyle managed to move past them without making a single sound and with that, got close to Jane and his goal.

There was also the possibility that these people weren't a threat but it wasn't a risk he was willing to take; however, Kyle saw this as something he could take advantage of as well.

"Wait for me, Jane…"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 130 - 130: This Is Going To Be A Long Night!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jane was laid on the floor, gagged and bound with Mike just staring at her with a creepy smile on his face.

Jane was scared out of her mind. She couldn't speak, but she could tell that Mike's face was like that of a stranger.

"I have nothing against you, Jane… I have always wanted you to myself but I tried to use the proper method to make you mine…" Mike said, she couldn't respond to him due to her gagged state but he wasn't looking for a response.

"I finally have you now, all to myself. You're helpless and I can tell by the way you look at me that you hate me but can I tell you a secret?" Mike said before leaning in a little too close.

"... It turns me on," Mike licked his lips, looking at her from head to toe.

"But don't worry. We have all the time in the world to enjoy ourselves... after I kill that man called Kyle," Mike confessed, but this also revealed that he had no intention of letting Jane go.

Jane knew she had to remain calm in this situation because Mike hadn't hurt her yet even though she knew this would soon change.

"I know you want to ask why I wish to kill Kyle… I don't hate him, nothing as petty as that nor am I doing it because of your affection for him," Mike was speaking a little too much but only because a part of himself wished for Jane to understand his motive, to accept it.

"Nah, my reasons don't matter," Mike realized as it would only make Jane see him as an even bigger monster than he already was.

Mike touched her skin despite Jane flinching but Jane knew that she had to give a false impression so he doesn't perceive her as a problem.

She wanted nothing more than to bite off the hand touching her but that wouldn't play into Mike's fantasy.

Mike wanted her to accept him and she was beginning to get that even though it took her a while.

"I would never hurt you, Jane," Mike said, caressing her face but Jane gestured for him to remove her gag because she had something to say.

Mike knew this was probably a bad idea but even if she screamed.

It was useless as no one here was a decent human being.

If anything, her screaming would only put her in danger because there was no telling what the people here were capable of doing even though they were either too drunk or drugged up to do anything of note.

This was the only reason Mike took this chance, lowering her gag.

"You must think I'm a monster," Mike chuckled. Jane was never a good liar and knew that if she did, Mike would see through it– something she couldn't risk.

"No… If anything, I see you more clearly," Jane's voice was soft, she knew it would be stupid to try and talk him down from doing what he planned to do.

If anything, he must have thought about this for far too long for her to dissuade him in minutes but if she did this, she risked showing her true motive.

It wasn't going to end well and she knew it so she had to take a different approach.

"Look at me, Mike," Jane sounded like a mother comforting her child.

Mike reluctantly met her gaze, he expected her to try and talk him down, offering to run away with him so he would spare Kyle.

"Do what you have to do, I will be here waiting for you," Jane responded and Mike's eyes widened in shock.

This was the last thing he expected to hear from her, did Jane understand him?

"W-What the hell do you mean by that?" Mike stuttered, showing a crack in his otherwise ruthless persona.

"You are not a monster, Mike. I have never had someone go this far to show that they care about me. You could have hurt me but you didn't. It might sound crazy but I feel like I'm just meeting you," Jane said softly, it was hard to read her emotions due to her soft-spoken nature but Mike was disturbed by this.

He knew that good girls tend to have a thing for bad boys but never did he think that would apply to Jane.

She spotted a chink in his armour and planned to keep digging away at it but before the conversation could go further, a man walked in.

He had no hair but the tattoos littered not only his head. His face told her that this was a man she wanted no business with.

The way he looked at her, he didn't hide his perverse nature whatsoever and Jane immediately positioned herself behind Mike like a helpless puppy.

Mike liked this; it showed that she saw him as her protector, was this perhaps Stockholm syndrome? This was what Jane was going for and it was the only narrative that would work on Mike.

Mike noticed her unease and the protector instinct in him was subconsciously triggered.

"Step outside with me for a minute…" Mike instructed the man but he made sure to lock the door behind him the moment they did.

He might be one of his associates but Mike didn't trust him enough not to lay a finger on Jane.

-

Kyle was around the corner and could feel a thumping heart, it was so loud that he became convinced that others could hear it but this was impossible.

Kyle got closer to Jane but bumped into someone soon enough.

He looked up in horror but saw that it was a man that reeked of alcohol and the stench that oozed from his body nearly made Kyle throw up.

Kyle simply moved out of his way and walked right past him.

This place wasn't a haven for Mike and his supposed band of misfits.

It was an abandoned place that had people in dire conditions relocated there because, for one, there were no laws surrounding it.

Kyle chuckled to himself, this gave him a lot more freedom and the fact that Mike had no idea he had made his plan to isolate Jane had failed.

If these people here weren't his minions then it granted Kyle a lot more freedom when it came to movement.

He found a dirty rag nearby alongside a few emptied-out bottles of water.

Kyle tossed the rag over his expensive clothes, he didn't care if the stench ruined it as he could simply buy another. He noticed Mike's car parked nearby and knew that he had to be careful.

He couldn't beat Mike in a fight and Mike had the upper hand considering he had a gun he wasn't afraid to use.

"Should I have called for backup?" Kyle thought to himself but he didn't know what Ella was thinking right now.

She must have tried to call him but his line wasn't going through and if this was the case, Kyle knew she would only worry all the more.

But he asked her for trust and this was the time to test her resolve in this manner.

Kyle took a deep breath but before he took a step, he heard the door creak open with Mike and another unknown man walking out of it.

He was a bald man and that was the only feature that Kyle could make out due to the moon barely illuminating this area.

"You really got yourself a beauty this time," The man praised Mike but his voice was deep, it had bass.

"You cannot touch her. Unfortunately, this one is not for fun," Mike responded and at this moment, Kyle realized that this was something that Mike did often.

He couldn't wrap his head around how someone this sick could get into contact with Jane and Kyle began to wonder what would have happened if he didn't meet Jane at all.

What the fuck did Mike have in store for her? That didn't matter.

"Are you sure? Not even a little look?" The man barked but there was something about Mike that made him quickly correct.

"I-I'm just kidding, no need to be so serious! Fine, I will watch over her," The man conceded.

"Mike is their leader?" Kyle thought to himself, he also noticed that Mike made it clear that Jane wasn't to be touched.

"Where are you going anyway?" The man questioned, wondering why he couldn't watch over her himself if she was so important.

"I have one more person to bring here," Mike informed his colleague but who was referring to?

But one thing was certain, Jane was safe for now but Kyle knew that if he didn't have any mobile network here, that would be the case for Mike as well.

That meant if he wished to reach out to him then he needed to get out of here.

And that was exactly what he did, Mike hopped into his car and drove away.

He had a hostage that evened the playing field and there was no way he was going to let his trump card go.

He knew that Jane would hate him and want nothing to do with him after this but the truth was, Mike didn't plan on letting her go.

"Man, what a fucking buzz kill…" The man muttered but there was something malevolent about him, this man was a bigger threat than Mike and Kyle could feel it.

He grabbed his crotch. No, he was stroking it.

"As if I was going to listen to you either way," He muttered before heading back in.

The only thing stopping him from getting to Jane was the locked door but would that be enough?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 131 - 131: Jane Is About To Be...!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jane heard the door being tugged at, someone was struggling to get in and Jane already knew it wasn't Mike. Mike had the keys and this man must be trying to get in without permission.

Jane knew that she risked agitating him if she made noise so she kept her mouth shut.

She wasn't sure what he had in mind but already had an idea.

Mike must have known something like this would have happened and that was why he locked the door.

Jane held her breath, her heart felt like it was going to explode out of her chest because the man was trying to pick the lock.

She didn't know why he was this desperate to get in but had an idea, it was her.

This location didn't look like they had a lot of women out there so it was only natural that his body responded to a beauty such as Jane.

"Damn this fucking lock! You better get ready because once I pick this lock, we're going to have a lot of fun!" The man barked but Jane knew she needed a calm head.

Mike had left her but did he know that something like this would happen or this was an unforeseen event?

She couldn't imagine Mike being fine with someone violating her when he had already claimed her so in a sense, this had to be some sort of betrayal.

But it would be stupid for him to trust a criminal and the worst thing that could happen, happened.

The door gave way and the man had a disgusting look on his face, salivating like a rabid dog.

"Hey! If you cooperate I will release you," The man tried to persuade Jane but the trust was he liked when they fought back.

But he couldn't leave a mark on her otherwise Mike would notice that he touched her.

He needed her to cooperate by giving her the illusion of potential freedom.

Jane backed away, Mike removed her gag so she would understand his intention wasn't to hurt her and with what she said, it sounded like she understood him.

"S-Stay back!" Jane warned but she couldn't defend herself even if she wanted to.

"I tried… I will just fuck you then kill you. Mike will get another toy!" The man barked, charging towards Janes.

He was bigger and stronger than her, she tried to position her body to resist but he grabbed her by the hair and pushed her against the ground.

Jane struggled, tears filling her eyes because she couldn't even scream. After all, the man's hand was around her mouth.

"I like breaking petite girls like you," The man whispered into her eye, forcefully dragging her shorts down. She lacked the physical strength to resist him whatsoever as her head was pushed against the ground.

"You smell so fucking good! It has been a while since I have fucked a bitch that smells as nice as you," The man said and Jane's shorts were almost at her knee.

He didn't need to take them off all the way and the man had a sickening grin.

"HELP ME!!!" Jane screamed at the top of her lungs.

"No one can hea-!" The man couldn't complete his sentence because he was hit above the head, whatever was used tore right through his skin because blood was gushing out of his head.

"W-What…!?" The man muttered to himself, slowly getting up to his feet only to see a man standing before him with a metal rod in his hand.

The man couldn't see well, his vision became blurry because Kyle had struck him with all of his strength but the fact that this man was still standing was shocking in itself.

Jane was sobbing, she looked over her shoulder and was shocked to see Kyle standing right there.

Kyle noticed Jane and smiled at her, he knew that she must be scared out of her mind because one of the worst things that could happen to a woman was about to happen to her.

"It is fine, Jane… I'm here," Kyle reassured her but he didn't know how they would get out of this situation.

If anything, he didn't know how to escape the obstacle in front of him.

The cut on his head, however, created a loophole because it was sliding down his bald head and into his eyes.

Kyle swung the moment he tried to clean his eyes, smashing him right in the neck but he didn't have the physical strength to deal maximum damage.

But it was enough to stun him and Kyle smacked him in the torso, the look in his eyes filled with rage.

This man was about to force himself on Jane, he could tell by the look in Jane's eyes that this event right here would stay with her.

"You know the bitch!?" The man barked at Kyle.

"You can have your turn after I'm done with he-!" Kyle smacked him across the mouth, dislocating his jaw in the process.

Kyle was angry and planned to let it all out on this man, the man tried to fight Kyle but he could never close the distance between them because Kyle didn't let him.

The man's knees buckled, the force must have shaken his brain because he couldn't see a thing.

Kyle stood over him and brought down the metal bar once again and saw the man's skull cave in, blood splattering all over his face in the process. The skull of the man was slightly dented so whatever Kyle had done had damaged his skull.

The tattooed man dropped to the ground, either dead or unconscious and Jane could tell that Kyle wanted to hit him again.

She could see it in his eyes, he wanted to kill this man before him and might have already done that.

She was uncertain but knew that if he was to hit him across the head one more time, it would kill him for certain.

"I-It is fine, Kyle," Jane assured him and her words seemed to bring him back from the brink of a choice he was certain to regret.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 132 - 132: Mike Vs Kyle Rematch!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle managed to defeat the man but the key component to this victory was because he caught him off guard.

He timed his attack perfectly and that first blow was one the man never truly recovered from.

This allowed Kyle to beat him to a pulp and leave him in his crimson fluid.

Kyle rushed to Jane and undid her binds, this was a lot easier than he thought it would be.

But that was all thanks to being able to see her location.

Kyle realized that if he hadn't come when he did then there was no telling what this man would have done to Jane.

He thought alone made his body recoil with anger and disgust, he couldn't believe what Mike had done.

This was the last straw but he needed to get Jane out of here.

"We need to go!" Kyle ushered her but as he ran to the door, someone familiar came into view.

It was Mike with his gun drawn, pointed right at Kyle.

"Well, well, well, what do we have here?" Mike said.

Kyle kissed his teeth because there was no way that Mike would have anticipated his move but then it hit him.

"The car?!" Kyle had parked the car off the road so it should be difficult but not impossible for Mike to find it.

Especially if he was paying attention to his environment and this was the single flaw in Kyle's plan.

He didn't take into account that Mike would leave the place before him or pay that much attention to his environment considering the moonlight was obscured by the dense clouds.

Mike looked at his accomplice lying on the ground but the fact that the door was opened already told him what had happened.

He must have entered and tried to do something to Jane.

Mike heaved an exhausted sigh, this was becoming more complicated than it needed to be.

"What is your plan here, Jane? Did you lie to me?" Mike asked.

Kyle knew it was best to keep his mouth shut in this situation as it would only escalate the situation.

"Y-You said you would protect me… but you lied," Jane's voice was shaky, showing that the event that nearly transpired still had a solid hold on her.

Mike knew what she was referring to and it is true that he might have arrived when it was too late and ironically, owed Kyle for saving her.

"I see…" Mike said before redirecting his gun at the man on the floor and firing a bullet right through his head, killing him instantly.

"That is the fate of anyone that hurts you, Jane," This was the first time that Jane had seen a murder and more so, Mike killing someone.

The way he pulled the trigger so easily sent a shiver down her spine but she couldn't let him know.

Mike refocused his attention on Kyle with a smile on his face. He couldn't believe that Kyle had survived despite being left for dead.

It was like he was looking at a ghost but he was impressed by his resolve to live.

"I have no idea how you found me but this is perfect," Mike said, removing another gun strapped to his back.

Kyle raised a brow but his attention was on Jane.

"You said you understood, didn't you? I will hand you this gun and I want you to shoot him in the back of his head," Mike informed her, this was to test if she meant what she said and effectively stain her hand with blood.

"What the fuck does he mean by that?" Kyle thought to himself, wondering what kind of conversation they had.

Jane nodded, Mike wasn't stupid and knew there was a chance she would try to pull a fast one but that didn't matter because he was more experienced when it came to this.

There was no way that Jane would be able to pull the trigger faster than him so Mike wasn't worried.

He rolled the gun to her and she was left with a choice at that moment.

Jane picked up the gun, her hands were trembling as she raised it to Kyle.

"If she does this, will you let her go, Mike?" Kyle asked with his hands raised to show he didn't plan on resisting.

"I will…" Mike said under his breath but this was a strange question from Kyle because it showed he was willing to die for her.

"Do it Jane… Trust me," Kyle said, repeating the same words that he had told her over the phone.

That told Jane that he had a plan and she had to trust him.

Jane closed her eyes and pulled the trigger but the gun jammed, however, before Mike could process this information.

Kyle ducked out of the line of his line of sight, this forced Mike to redirect his aim but it was too late because Kyle had already closed the distance.

He used his Total Recall to analyze the state of the gun, he read up about guns when Mike had failed to kill him and knew every single detail in regards to it.

He noticed a minuscule one that implied the gun was not only old but it had a high chance of jamming.

This was a gamble because Kyle wasn't a hundred percent sure but it worked out in the hand.

He grabbed the bar he had dropped off the ground and attempted to slam the gun from Mike's hand before he could pull the trigger.

Mike, however, was no stranger in this situation and took a step back to effectively go out of Kyle's range but Kyle slammed the metal bar on his foot.

This temporarily disoriented him because he couldn't focus enough to point his gun at Kyle but a gunshot echoed.

Kyle realized the direction it was pointed was Jane, he looked in that direction but saw that Jane had already taken cover.

He grabbed the gun and a battle began to take control of the weapon, Kyle stomped the foot he had just hit to gain the advantage. It ultimately resulted in the gun being flung out of his hand, skidding away from them.

Mike punched Kyle right in the face but Kyle countered by swinging the bar horizontally on his head however Mike showed once again that he had combat experience, ducking out of the way before landing an uppercut that sent him flying into the air before landing on the ground.

Kyle was seeing double and before he could process what was happening, he couldn't breathe.

Mike was strangled and there was no way to break free from it despite fighting with all of his strength to free himself.

"STOP!" Jane screamed and a bang echoed with blood spilling all over the ground but the question was, whose?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 133 - 133: Kill Shot.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This place had turned into a bloodbath, Kyle had escaped murder due to Mike's excessive use of violence.

He shot the unconscious man in cold blood even though there was a high chance that he would succumb to the injuries inflicted on him by Kyle.

It didn't matter now because another gunshot had echoed.

Jane wasn't going to be a bystander and grabbed the gun that had fallen from Mike's grip.

Mike didn't worry much about the gun because Jane had shown her loyalty to him even though this was false. She didn't know why Kyle told her to pull the trigger, but he must have seen something that she didn't.

But she wasn't going to miss this time, Mike was about to kill Kyle and Jane knew she had to do something about it.

She rushed to the gun and fired a bullet, grazing Mike's neck in the process.

This ruptured an artery and blood spewed all over the place.

Mike's hand quickly retracted from Kyle's neck and clutched his, trying his best to keep the blood.

This allowed Kyle to kick him off and send him tumbling to the ground.

He looked at Jane and saw that she was trembling, horrified by what she had done.

She couldn't believe that she had shot someone.

The gun dropped to the ground.

Mike backed away from them until his back hit the wall, blood gradually filling his lungs as he found it hard to breathe.

"W-What have I done? I killed him?!" Jane was in disbelief, she knew that Mike was a bad person but this wasn't something she pictured herself doing.

Kyle picked up the gun from the ground and looked Jane in the eyes.

" I won't let you burden yourself," Kyle whispered before planting a kiss on her forehead.

" I made you a promise…" Kyle said, looking right at Mike, who was clinging to dear life.

Mike was frightened, Kyle could tell he didn't want to die but he made his choice.

And he couldn't let Jane be wrecked by the guilt of taking a life, that was why he was here and Kyle knew that Jane would only view him as someone willing to go to such lengths for her but in reality, this was the only outcome that Kyle had in mind.

He was going to kill him regardless of if Jane had shot him or not.

Kyle pulled the trigger, the bullet piercing Mike between the brow and killing him.

Kyle heaved a loud sigh of relief, this episode was over and now he truly has Jane all to himself.

Jane ran to him, hugging him fiercely from behind as she sobbed profusely.

"I-I am sorry!" Jane apologized, blaming herself for this because she had forced Kyle to take a life so she wouldn't be burdened by the guilt of doing so herself.

"Sorry?" Kyle questioned before turning around to look her tight in the eyes.

"You saved me, Jane," Kyle reassured her with a smile, she could tell by the look in his eyes that he wasn't just saying this to reassure her.

He truly believed these words and this removed the weight that shackled her heart.

She looked at Mike's lifeless body with pity, she didn't know that could have possibly made him like this but monsters have always worn the face of humans.

"We should get out of here," Kyle said to which Jane agreed.

This sage was over in a single night, Jane had no idea how Kyle found her so fast but she knew that not every question needed an answer.

She was content not knowing because it only made her feel safer.

-

Ella waited back home anxiously, she could feel her body tense up because the police had come a couple of hours ago.

Suddenly, Kyle's phone wasn't going through but she wasn't going to put Jane's life in Kyle's hands.

She didn't know much about him and wasn't willing to gamble her friend's life on a flimsy thing such as trust.

She told the police that her friend had been taken but also made sure to inform the police that the man was dangerous.

It was Priscilla that answered this call and instantly recognized her from the hospital.

She had questioned them but also knew that Kyle wasn't telling her everything.

She could sense it but it wasn't in her jurisdiction to push him for more information as he was the victim.

However, she knew that these two events were connected because it couldn't be a coincidence that Jane went missing in the space of a week.

And the man who took her must be responsible for the attack on Kyle.

There was a chance he threatened Kyle that he would farm these ladies if he spoke prompting Kyle to keep his mouth shut.

That was the conclusion that Priscilla came to because she had interrogated multiple people in this same predicament.

They followed a similar script but the limited information Ella gave her helped with this.

Ella didn't speak about Kyle's involvement or how Mike might be connected to the attacks.

Priscilla made this connection herself and knew that she needed to make Ella feel safe.

This was why she decided to remain stationed outside of her place but under such short notice.

There was no way that anyone would come to this location to watch over the house.

Kane reached out to Ella to inform her that she was safe, Ella screamed at the top of her lungs forcing Priscilla out of her car as she rushed towards the house to see if Ella was in danger.

But that wasn't the case, Ella received confirmation that her best friend was alive.

Priscilla didn't even get to the door before her phone rang, it was Kyle and on that phone call, he told her everything.

However, he mixed in a few lies by saying Mike had threatened to harm the girls if he told the police what had happened so he had no choice but to keep quiet.

This was a narrative that Priscilla already entertained so confirming that this was indeed the case fed her ego.

Kyle also told her where to find Mike or rather his corpse and Priscilla was on the move right away with her siren blaring in the distance.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 134 - 134: The Aftermath.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle had no plans to take Jane back home, not for a while because he didn't know how safe it was if Mike could just walk right in there and take her.

That was dangerous and he couldn't risk that, even if it was just for tonight.

Kyle looked over his shoulder as he drove back home with Jane fast asleep.

He didn't want to imagine what would have happened to her but was grateful for his system.

Even though the skill obtained from the lottery at that moment didn't help the situation to a great effect, it could be argued that it allowed him to be sneaky.

Or he would have inevitably made a noise or two because there was no way he would be that good at stealth with no prior experience.

Kyle sighed, silently thanking his system but he also knew that he cared about Jane a lot more than he let on.

They arrived at his home and everywhere was quiet, it was well past 2 AM at this point but Kyle didn't care about anything but the sleeping lady beside him.

Kyle left the car and before Jane could process the car came to a halt. Kyle had already opened the passenger door.

"Hey sleepyhead," Kyle greeted her with a smile but Jane couldn't take her eyes off him.

She didn't know why but the way her heart was thumping at this moment showed her that this man had stolen her heart in its entirety.

She had never felt this way about anyone nor did she know an emotion this intense was even possible to begin with yet she was experiencing it right here and now.

Kyle picked her up from her car seat, scooping her up in his arms like she had no weight.

If anything, this was proof that Kyle had gained some muscle mass but it was worrying that he felt no remorse for taking a life despite the circumstances making it an inevitable situation.

He called Priscilla because he understood the gravity of the situation, he couldn't just leave him there to be discovered by anyone.

Kyle also knew that there was no way that Ella would trust him, she didn't know him as well as Jane and Jane was someone that she didn't mess around with.

Even if Light Yagami offered his death note in this situation, Ella would doubt the ink.

Kyle simply told her this because he knew that she would remove him from the equation.

This allowed him to shape the narrative as he pleased with Priscilla even though he would have preferred for the conditions to be less risky.

It all worked out in the end because it would clear him of any potential investigation but Kyle also knew how important it was to have someone within the police force on his side.

And he had chosen Priscilla for that.

He took Jane to his place, carrying her like a princess. Jane pretended to be alright but Kyle noticed that she was trembling in his arms.

She was consciously trying to suppress it but Kyle didn't say anything because he knew that she would be self-conscious.

They got into his apartment and he laid her on the couch like she was some fragile egg.

"You're safe…" Kyle reassured her. He didn't know how much of a hold this traumatic event would have on her but he knew that she needed time to herself.

"I know what happened tonight was scary but I don't want you to think you need to be strong for me. You don't," Kyle told her and the moment these words left his lips, she broke down in tears.

"I-I was so scared Kyle!" Jane confessed, barely able to get her words out.

Kyle looked at her with compassion and hated that this happened to her.

Even if she wasn't raped, the thought that it was going to happen must have scared the living shit out of her.

Kyle sat beside her, he didn't say a word because he knew that she needed to feel her feelings.

She wasn't looking for words to make her feel better, she was looking for someone to be present which she could not feel okay with.

Jane sobbed in his arms and the night passed away with both of them feeling closer than ever.

-

The incident didn't make the news but this was partly due to fears of a potential retaliation by whatever gang Mike was associated with.

This was the man they had been looking for as his DNA, most notably, his semen had been found in different crimes.

He was in the system already long before he was taken in for this particular crime but the DNA obtained from those crime scenes never linked back to him. Priscilla knew it had to be him because these crimes were as violent as the ones that he was accused of committing.

He only got off due to a technicality and that was the semen sample not matching the blood they had in the system but Priscilla presented a theory that was immediately shot down by her superior.

And that was the possibility that the suspect had two sets of DNA, this was possible due to a very rare congenital condition called Chimerism.

This was also partly due to the department cutting back on expenses and didn't feel the need to carry out other tests.

Priscilla saw his dead body and instantly knew this was the same man even though he went by a different name now, which was Mike.

This man was called Clarence Thomas and there was no reason for him to change his name.

But with his body in their possession, she was able to extract sufficient DNA and run the appropriate test to confirm the theory she had had for months.

And it came back positive, Clarence had artificial chimerism, it was because he had bone marrow, and this effectively changed his DNA.

He was committing crimes right under the nose of the police and this little abnormality allowed him to commit crimes under the radar for so long.

She was grateful that Kyle managed to put a bullet through his head because this solved and gave a few unsolved cases an ending that would bring the family closure.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 135 - 135: Has The Worse Ended?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Jane woke up in the morning, she felt refreshed, but only then did she realize the gravity of what had happened.

Kyle was nowhere to be seen but she expected this because he was a busy person.

He was probably at work already but that meant she had the house all to herself.

Jane didn't even know what to do but was soon startled by a noise outside the room.

She was skeptical and frightened to a fault, she couldn't move even though the only person that could be in this apartment was Kyle,

But what if he wasn't? That was the only question in her mind and she froze at the thought of it, she couldn't move an inch.

However, her tense frame soon broke the moment Kyle came into view.

"Hey beautiful," Kyle's voice was soft and involuntarily brought a smile to her face.

She couldn't believe she was worried when her superhero was here.

"Y-You are here…" Jane stuttered, Kyle was worried that how she looked at him would change because he had blood on his hands but her gaze was softer.

"I am. Did you want someone else to be here? Maybe Ella?" Kyle asked but before Jane could respond, Ella spawned beside him.

"You had to ruin it…" Kyle muttered to himself the moment Ella came into view.

Jane's face lit up, she was ecstatic and Kyle knew that while she liked his company, she would need a face more familiar than his.

Jane sprung up to her feet and ran to embrace Ella, she was so excited to see her.

Kyle looked at them with a smile on his face, he was glad that Ella was here.

"It all worked out in the end," Kyle thought to himself.

Ella looked at him, she was glad that Kyle could save her friend the way he did even though she didn't get the full details.

She knew that Mike had died that night and there was no other person who could do it but Kyle.

"Well, I made breakfast," Kyle informed the ladies and Jane's eyes lit up, she loved food.

Ella admired his house and was impressed by how well put together it was for a bachelor, his fridge was stocked to the brim with different ingredients.

It wasn't canned food either and this meant that all his meals were cooked, something most men didn't do as ordering takeout was a lot easier.

"You cook?" Ella questioned.

"I suddenly sound like your dream man, don't I?" Kyle teased her but that was met by an eye roll from Ella.

Jane chuckled, she was glad that they were both getting along, this was the first man that Ella had approved.

Kyle was truly special if it took a little over thirty minutes for them to not only eat but have their stomachs bloated like pregnant women.

"T-That was amazing!" Ella confessed, rubbing her stomach like a pregnant woman.

Unlike Jane who was shy, Ella had no shame.

They were opposites and Kyle could see why they were so close.

Jane was embarrassed by her friend's behavior but a look at Kyle told her that Kyle had no problem with Ella being her true self.

"Jane, are you planning to come back home anytime soon?" Ella asked but this question confused Jane because she thought that she was only staying for the night.

"She might end up staying here forever if you aren't careful," Kyle teased but this made Jane's thoughts spiral out of control.

"M-Me? Living with Kyle!?" She thought and in no time, her face went red.

"Jane is staying here with me for a while. I need to make sure she's alright," Kyle added but the tone he used to convey this message was serious.

Jane hadn't discussed this with him prior but she would love staying with Kyle for a few days.

Ella didn't oppose it, she needed some privacy either way and with the house all to herself, she could invite a fine gentleman back if she saw one that caught her eye.

She hasn't been laid for so long that if cobwebs were down there, she wouldn't be surprised.

This was a needed break and Kyle proved himself to be a man who could take care of Jane in ways she couldn't even think of but their little party was interrupted by the doorbell.

Kyle wasn't expecting anyone but he went to answer the door either way as he had nothing to lose.

He realized when he was returning that night that Mike was going to get a second person, it couldn't be Ella or he would have just taken her with Jane.

This would also prevent Ella from calling for help which she ended up doing but there was no way that it was Calista at the door.

She wasn't even aware that he had been discharged so this was him grasping at straws.

Kyle knew that things would be bad if it was Calista and this was part of the reason he didn't want her to know where he stayed.

It was to avoid situations like this but it was too late, Kyle looked through the peephole and saw that it was Priscilla.

She was with her partner this time and Kyle was surprised to see her here in the first place.

They had on their cop uniform and everything, Kyle didn't want this kind of attention drawn to him.

Thankfully, to them, he was an average citizen with no criminal record so he didn't need to be on guard.

He knew they were here for the event that had just concluded, it was in his power to give them all the information that they needed.

He didn't need to worry and this was why he opened the door to let them in.

This gave him a certain level of freedom with Ella and Jane present, if anything, this was the perfect opportunity to entertain them.

"Welcome officers, I'm surprised to see you both," Kyle greeted.

The volume of his voice alerted the women in the room with him, Jane and Ella immediately joined Kyle at the door.

"Is this a good time, sir?" Oliver took charge of the conversation, noticing the two women standing behind him.

"Please, come on in," Kyle moved aside, allowing them entry into his home.

He preferred them to Calista in all honesty as he didn't have the energy to start explaining who Jane was so this was for the best.

-

Calista was back on set and the fact that her mood had changed showed just how much of an impact Kyle had on her.

Lorenzo helped her out and she knew she owed him because there was no way she could have done this without him.

The shooting went smoothly and Calista was able to express far more emotions in the role because her feelings were still on a high.

Even Lucas was surprised by how she portrayed these scenes, it wasn't present in their previous scenes.

This was why he used this opportunity to record additional scenes while she was still in this state.

But that didn't mean he could overwork them as they were working by the hour and the last thing he would want was to burn them out.

"Calista! That was amazing!" Lorenzo praised her. This was top-tier acting that got acknowledgement all around.

She had shown a glimpse of her potential and Lucas knew that he might have a gem on his hand.

Calista texted Kyle after the break and got no response, Kyle must be tired considering he was still in the hospital or at least that's what she thought.

This allowed her to focus her attention on work as there was no other reason for her to be distracted when everything in her life was going so well.

This was going to be a movie that brought her to fame but Calista was still unaware that this was happening because of Kyle.

There was no telling how this would affect her relationship with Kyle once it came out because he couldn't keep it hidden forever.

-

Isabella was stunned to wake up to a check of a couple of millions in her account but it was sent directly to her account.

This was shocking, to say the least, but she knew it had to do with the Agency.

There was no way he gave her this money for personal use and Isabella worried that if she called him, it would make her look unprofessional.

Isabella had filtered out the people who tried to enter the Agency as they had dodgy past records that automatically disqualified them even though they tried to grease her palms but with someone as rich as Kyle.

There was no reason why she would need to take these fees when they weren't short on money.

Isabella liked where this was going and judging by the growth this Agency had reached in the space of a couple of weeks, it was now in the top 800.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 136 - 136: Police Suspect?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There was something beautiful about this because it allowed everyone to understand how precious life was and how everything could be taken at any moment.

Kyle spoke to the police, giving them a more accurate depiction of what happened as he understood how important this was.

Priscilla informed them of Mike's real name and his involvement in other crimes.

Kyle couldn't believe that something this rare had occurred and could only wonder how long Mike would have continued his operation if he hadn't put a stop to it.

The most recent crime was as close as a month back.

Jane couldn't believe it but this reinforced that she was an awful judge of character.

There was no way she could have predicted this but she was closest to him so there had to be signs of his depraved nature.

"Officer Oliver, I'm glad we could help in some way but I want to apologize for keeping it away from you," Kyle apologized, showing he wasn't shy to take accountability.

"It is fine. We understand your situation, but we're more impressed that you were able to find and save her…" Oliver said, sounding almost suspicious.

"I was going to visit Jane and Ella to make sure they were okay, that was why I discharged myself but I was surprised when I saw Mike loitering about," Kyle responded with a perfectly crafted lie, one that had been marinating in his brain for hours.

"You say that but we have CCTV footage of you at a hotel," Oliver pointed out, rubbing his lower chin.

"... And if that was the case, then the time doesn't add up," Oliver concluded, looking Kyle right in the eyes.

There was silence but what Oliver was implying was clear as day, he was calling Kyle's story bullshit.

"Is that so? One of us must be wrong," Kyle's certainty was what confused him, there was no way he would maintain his stance if this was a lie as they had just told him they had visual evidence.

The truth was, Oliver did trace Kyle's movement when he left the hospital that morning when his partner was busy with the DNA of Clarence.

It was surprising to see Kyle discharge himself approximately a few hours before Jane was abducted. If he didn't know any better, he would have said they were working together but that wouldn't make any sense in terms of motive.

Kyle's story did add up because the timeframe he left the hotel could put him at their place before the abduction took place.

But Oliver found it suspicious that he didn't do anything if he saw Clarence carry out his attack and instead, chose to allow him to do as he pleased.

Was that because he wanted the police to back him up? The call did come in and Clarence had a gun in his possession so that put Kyle at a disadvantage for a confrontation.

Oliver had no concrete evidence and this was simply him trying to shake Kyle down but he wasn't bulging.

"You're right and that person would be me," Oliver admitted his fault, bringing an abrupt end to the conversation.

Priscilla was looking around the house like she was searching for something but Kyle didn't react to this as there was nothing that could be found in his apartment.

However, a second look told him that she was admiring the state of his place.

This looked like a rundown building from outside so one would be expecting the same when inside.

They had concluded their business with Kyle and left the area but Kyle knew he needed these officers on his side because he didn't know when he would need them in the future.

"Thank you very much, officers," Kyle showed his gratitude, walking them out of his place and back to their car as this was common courtesy.

But Kyle attempted to make a good impression.

"Thank you very much for your cooperation, sir," Oliver showed his appreciation because he didn't need to talk to them but Oliver noticed that Kyle might be putting up an act. There was something behind his eyes, something sad.

Of course that would be the case, he just took a life and hasn't even processed the gravity of that act itself but Oliver saw it.

"Please, call me Kyle and if you need anything. Let me know," Kyle offered but this was something that everyone said so the police officers didn't take any deeper meaning to this.

Oliver nodded and tried to start the car but it didn't go according to plan as the engine didn't respond.

Oliver kissed his teeth in irritation before attempting to start it again but to no avail.

Kyle wanted to return home but decided to stay there to see how this played out.

He could tell the officers were embarrassed but this was strange considering that they could need to engage in a high-speed pursuit at any time.

Kyle couldn't imagine them needing to chase down a criminal only for their car not to start.

"Hm… Do you need some help?" Kyle offered.

He wondered how he could win them over and an opportunity presented itself.

"It is fine, we wouldn't want to trouble you," Oliver said.

Kyle noticed that Priscilla didn't talk much, almost like she was lost in thought.

He tried to start it up again and their blushes were spared as the car finally kicked into gear.

"Once again, thank you, Kyle…" Oliver showed his gratitude but Priscilla didn't say a word.

"Officer Priscilla," Kyle called out. She turned to look at him, wondering why she was being called.

"Thank you for all you have done. I know you have taken a special interest in this case and if I wasn't there to protect Jane, I'm certain you would have, and for that, I'm grateful," Kyle thanked her with such vigour that she was momentarily stunned as people don't show this much gratitude to cops or at least she hasn't experienced it personally.

Oliver was the same as both of them nodded, Kyle could tell they appreciated his words.

This was the end of their conversation but from the corner of his eyes, he saw Aiysha.

Aiysha was approaching him and Kyle already knew what the conversation that was to follow would be about.

"Hi Kyle, I heard about what happened. Are you alright?" Aiysha began the conversation.

"I'm much better now but I was surprised not to see you with your husband," Kyle said, the way he presented it made it difficult for her to catch on that he knew they were having marital problems.

"Ha! It was late and someone needed to stay home with the children, I did want to come to see you," Aiysha not only found a valid excuse to explain her absence but it was one that Kyle had no way of finding out if it was true or false.

"I see…" Kyle responded and then there was silence.

"Did the police catch the person responsible?" Aiysha asked and Kyle thought about telling her exactly what happened but it wasn't something he could risk.

Also, it was none of her business but he could tell that she had been crying, he could deduce this by the dried tears on her face.

"Are you alright?" Kyle asked. A question he pondered on because he knew this was a window for more personal conversations to take place.

"You noticed? My hormones are all over the place but I don't want to bother you, not after what you went through," Aiysha said but Kyle knew this might be an opportunity to help Jones fix his marriage.

He also knew it could backfire and if it did, there was no telling what damage it would do to their relationship as well.

However, Kyle was willing to risk it all and this was the only reason he gave her a listening ear.

"What's wrong?" Kyle's voice was filled with concern but Aiysa shook her head.

She didn't want to talk. No, she didn't want to talk out here.

"How about we meet up for lunch after and you tell me all about it?" Kyle proposed.

Aiysha looked relaxed at this suggestion and agreed to meet Kyle.

She went back inside; Kyle heaved a sigh of relief, things were getting out of control and Kyle couldn't explain what was going on with him but his nightmares were getting worse ever since the attempt on his life.

It felt real but the problem was that he couldn't wake up when he pleased and this made it hard for him to discern if it was a dream or not.

Kyle knew he had bigger things to worry about but was glad that he had Jane to keep him company until further notice.

-

Cassandra's divorce hearing neared, she wanted to keep Kyle out of it or he might be repulsed by the reality of a divorced woman.

The fact that she had little to no money to hire a half-decent lawyer as opposed to her husband.

This was the disadvantage of being a housewife because if their marriage doesn't work.

The chances of landing back on your feed at such an advanced age were slim hence why some choose to stay regardless of the abuse they face.

Cassandra was different, she was going to break away but she was hit with a reality when her check bounced.

She couldn't afford the lawyer she had hired and this was a low-tier one at that.

She was desperate and desperate times called for desperate measures.

Cassandra decided to give Kyle a call and hoped to God that he could save her.

.

.

.

A/N: I'm sick, like sick sick so chapter update will be a single chapter until I'm better. I got that typhoid and feel like shit

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 137 - 137: "I Am Ready."
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Kyle returned to his place and noticed he had an incoming call, he excused himself from the ladies. It was Cassandra, and Kyle knew that he had to pay attention to the conversation that was about to transpire.

He was worried that Cassandra had cut him off only a couple of days ago but this had changed recently.

The fact that she was getting a divorce made everything easier for him but she was not to violate the rules he had set.

Kyle knew that this was an important thing for her because it would secure the future of her child.

Everyone had a price and this was hers, Kyle wondered if this would make him the child's stepfather but the thought of it sent shivers down his spine considering he had no intention of marrying her.

She had a body that he would want to explore thoroughly, there was no escaping that lust even though she would be considered 'fat' in modern times but Kyle didn't give a shit.

A menu has to consist of different flavours, which made it one, Kyle was glad that this was happening.

"Hello? Are you alright Cassandra?" Kyle questioned, she had no idea that he was fighting for his life just days back and Kyle wanted to keep it that way.

[[Kyle, I'm so sorry to be calling like this. I have no one else to ask…]] Cassandra skipped the small talk and got right to business.

This was something Kyle appreciated because he was a busy man and could guess that this was a financial problem.

"It is fine, I did give you permission to. How're you?" Kyle spoke softly, he didn't want her to feel like she was doing too much.

[[I'm not doing great if I'm being honest… I think I'm about to lose my child.]] Cassandra confessed and Kyle was visibly concerned by this because this was something he wasn't going to let happen.

He didn't like her ex-husband with the brief interaction they had and this was why he was going to do everything in his power to take this child from her.

Kyle had the money to hire the best lawyers in the world but didn't know any so Cassandra would have to handle this task.

[[It Is the lawyer, he bailed on me and I have no idea what to do. I don't even have the money to get a lawyer an-!]] Kyle interrupted her.

"Will $1,000,000 be enough?" This was the simple question Kyle asked and she began to stutter.

She couldn't understand why he would suggest this amount knowing damn well it was excessive.

[[W-What are you doing?]] Cassandra questioned, she didn't even know when she blurred these words out.

"I'm taking care of you just like I promised. Now send me your account details," Kyle was authoritative, this conversation could be rounded up in a few minutes and he didn't want to extend it more than he needed to.

[[O-Okay, I don't know what to say. Thank you very much.]] Cassandra sounded like she was about to cry and Kyle could understand why.

The world wasn't an easy place to live in and money was the one thing that life itself now revolved around.

"Haha! You sound a lot different, it is almost like you have decided to give yourself to me, is that the case?" Kyle asked and silence followed.

Kyle didn't care about uncomfortable questions or putting her on the spot because while he wanted to keep her, he didn't particularly care if she stayed or not.

He was about to say another word but Cassandra finally gave him a reply.

[[I don't know if this is a good idea. You're a young man and I don't even think I can keep up with your libido and I know you will eventually get tired of me when you have another woman that has your interest. I have never done this polygamous thing before so I'm scared.]] Cassandra confessed.

"I don't just need you for your body, Cassandra. I need you for everything you stand for. I will be lying if I say my eyes wouldn't wander but your place will always be safe with me. And darling, look at you, there is no way I would get tired of that body of yours. How about we meet and discuss the details?" Kyle responded without missing a breath, he didn't even need to think about it, telling Cassandra this was something that he had thought about.

[[That will be great!]] Cassandra exclaimed, Kyle managed to reassure her.

He wasn't sure why she was so supportive of being involved in a polygamous relationship with him despite there being downsides but he didn't care as long as she stuck to her side of the agreement.

Kyle noticed she hadn't been added to the harem yet as well meaning she wasn't emotionally attached to him.

The conversation came to an end and Ella soon entered the compartment he was in.

"You done?" Ella questioned to which Kyle nodded.

Kyle knew the last thing he needed was a messy situation that involved women.

He was going to be the biggest name in Hollywood and Kyle realized that with his latest skill acquisition, he could be an actor or entertainer if he wanted to.

He could replicate anything he saw and this included acting but he had no plans to go on the big screen even though that would give his source of income further credibility but he had taken care of that aspect already.

"Yeah, I am. What's wrong?" Kyle questioned with a raised brow.

"I want to speak to you about Jane. I need to know… What are your intentions with her?" Ella questioned.

Kyle understood her concern considering they were getting far too close and it was only normal to understand his intention.

"My intention? Isn't that obvious? I plan to make her my woman," Kyle responded sternly.

"Is she the only one you're talking to?" Ella pressed on, asking all the important questions because she knew it would only be a matter of time before Jane interrupted them.

She could have this conversation over the phone but wanted to judge his reaction in person.

"Why are you asking me these questions, Ella?" Kyle questioned but this was the only time he hadn't given her a direct response which made her suspicious.

"Why aren't you answering?" Ella responded with a raised brow prompting Kyle to chuckle.

"I would rather surprise you," Kyle gave a cheeky reply, this made it hard for her to press on because this was an answer to her question despite it not giving anything away.

"What are you both doing there?" Jane's voice could be heard alongside her footsteps.

"Ella was just telling me how she thinks we would make a cute couple," Kyle responded.

"ELLA! OH MY GOD!" Jane was flustered by this but Kyle had to establish something there and then.

"Jane no longer belongs to just you, Ella. You need to accept that you no longer are responsible for her, she can stand on her feet," Kyle warned her.

Ella treated Jane like a child and Kyle needed her to understand that Jane was more than capable of making her own decisions.

She wasn't some damsel in distress either.

Ella didn't know how to react to this and didn't need to because Jane joined them soon after.

She looked at Ella and Ella could tell what she was trying to say.

Jane was as red as a tomato, Ella knew that Kyle was right even though she didn't like it.

He was right, she couldn't look after Jane forever, she had to trust her to look after herself.

"Fine, fine. I'm leaving," Ella raised her hand in surrender.

She couldn't be mad at Kyle even though she never got an answer to her question.

She understood that he would hold more power over Jane than she ever could and he has already proven himself to be more than capable of protecting her.

Ella left the place, leaving Jane and Kyle alone in his apartment.

Jane tensed up because her mind recalled what happened the last time that they were both alone at his place.

"Are you okay?" Kyle asked, placing his hand on her lower back prompting her to jolt like electricity ran through her body.

Kyle noticed this and immediately withdrew his hand because he wasn't sure she was ready for that kind of physical contact.

There was a chance that the trauma lingered and he didn't want to make her recall that moment.

"W-Why did you stop?" Jane questioned, mustering up all the courage in her.

Kyle was surprised because he wouldn't expect her to say those words…. Ever.

"Are you sure you're okay with it?" Kyle wanted to be certain and Jane nodded slowly.

"I-I'm ready, Kyle," Jane said under her breath and this could only mean one thing.

She wanted Kyle to take her virginity, but the series of events had the opposite effect on her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 138 - 138: The Forbidden Fruit I Shall Eat. [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle knew what Jane was asking despite her not verbalizing it, the way her body opened up told him all he needed to know.

Kyle chuckled gently, prompting Jane to shoot him a panic glance.

"W-What's funny?" Jane stuttered, averting her gaze immediately.

Kyle liked this side of her quite a lot but he still couldn't believe what she was asking.

" Nothing, I just realized I haven't seen you naked despite all the things I did to you that day," Kyle pointed out.

Jane's face looked to the ground, her face was the literal colour of red.

Kyle noticed this and instantly tried to downplay the situation so she wouldn't feel like she had to do it but Jane gave him a response before he could do so.

"D-D-Do you want to see me naked?" Jane couldn't believe the words coming out of her mouth.

She wanted the ground to open up and take her to a place where she wouldn't be in this situation.

She didn't know how to tell Kyle without coming off as a pervert, his perception of her was everything but she was slowly stepping out of her comfort zone or this was something that she would never be able to say.

"See you naked? I will pass," Kyle turned her down and the embarrassment that overcame her brought her close to tears.

Jane knew she should have kept her mouth shut and Kyle chuckled faintly drawing her attention.

"Y-You jerk!" Jane muttered under her breath, voice breaking as she tried to run out of the room but Kyle grabbed her by the wrist and yanked her back.

"Where do you think you're going?" Kyle questioned with his other hand going across her waist.

"Undressing you is my main dessert but don't you think I'm deserving of some appetizers?" Kyle flipped the table on her.

Jane didn't know what to do then and froze in place. She suddenly lost the ability to speak or compose any sentence.

"A-A-Appetizers?" Jane stuttered and Kyle smiled.

Kyle was calm because this moment was something he wanted to cherish right down to the bone.

Kyle leaned in and kissed her, Jane returned this, slightly parting her lips to allow his tongue in.

Kyle's tongue went so deep to the point that Jane had problems breathing.

He pulled her close to him, her small chest pressed against his as his hand grabbed her buttocks firmly.

It didn't take long for Kyle to remove his tongue from her mouth with a spit-web forming upon removal.

Jane was breathing heavily, she didn't understand why this time was different but she could feel the wetness between her legs seeping through her panties.

Kyle smiled before slowly guiding her hand to the bulge within his trousers.

Jane placed a hand above her lips, gently biting on her index finger.

"Do you want it out?" Kyle questioned but Jane's heart was pounding, it was like she was going to have a heart attack at any moment.

She didn't hear a thing Kyle said, all she could think about was his cock in her hand.

.

Jane had never done this before so she didn't know what to do even though porn and erotic novels gave her an idea.

Kyle noticed this and guided her hand down his trouser so she could feel the raw flesh of his cock.

"I-IT IS HOT!" Jane thought to herself, she didn't know it would be this hot but that wasn't the only thing that caught her attention.

It was hard, Kyle must have wanted this as bad as her and that brought comfort to her soul because it told her she wasn't the only one that craved the other.

"Stroke it," Kyle instructed her. Jane gulped but she did as she was told.

Gently wrapping her slender fingers around the girth of his cock before stroking it.

Jane couldn't believe what was happening but she liked it, her panties got even wetter.

"Look at me," Kyle commanded her but Jane's eyes remained fixed on the ground.

She couldn't raise her head as she continued to move her hand up and down his cock.

Jane wasn't using enough fiction, the grip was loose so Kyle wasn't particularly enjoying it but this helped to confirm her inexperience.

"I said look at me, Jane," Kyle repeated, his voice gentle and there it was, eye contact while stroking his cock. She was barely holding it but doing just enough to increase the tension in the air.

Kyle knew she was waiting to hear how good of a job she was doing even though the truth was, that she wasn't. It was sloppy work that wouldn't get him off, it lacked all manner of technique but that was to be expected. She was no Calisat Wave.

Kyle knew he could use her need for his approval to his advantage.

"How about we take it out?" Kyle asked but Jane wasn't sure if he was asking her or not.

"D-Do you want me to?" Jane asked to which Kyle nodded to confirm this.

Jane took out her hand; the trousers he wore were loose so it was easy to pull it down but she knew it would be easier to stroke it while on her knees.

"That's it… Keep going…" Kyle said. She took out his cock and Jane was speechless, it was dangling mere inches from her face.

"W-WHAT!?" That was the only thought in her head.

The cock began to throb like it had become sentient, this intimidated Jane.

"Your hands, Jane. Stroke it but apply more pressure," Kyle was teaching her while in the act.

Jane's hand was already soaked in precum from her earlier hand job.

She remembered Kyle focused on her pleasure the first time around and was scared that she wouldn't be able to live up to his expectations.

Kyle must have had years of experience so how was she going to match up to the women of his past?

Jane did just as he told her, she used both hands this time to fully wrap it, she wanted to please him. It was her job to get him off and she was going to complete this task even if it meant her suffocating on it.

"That's it…" Kyle encouraged her and this gave Jane the boost she needed to take the next step.

She opened her mouth but was clearly frightened to slide that meat down her throat, there was no way it would fit to begin with.

"Are you sure you're ready for that?" Kyle asked.

"W-Will it make you happy?" Jane asked, mustering the courage to look at him and this view was the cutest thing in the world.

"It will make me very happy," Kyle responded and that was when focused her full attention on the cock before her.

It was a stare down and her facial expression changed to show this new resolve.

She opened her mouth, trying her best to fit it in but to no avail because all she could fit was the tip.

It felt like the side of her lips would split open but Kyle didn't expect her to do it on her first try.

There was no way because her mouth was smaller than the average person's.

Kyle couldn't help but chuckle at this sight, it was adorable the way she was so eager to give him pleasure.

It was like she was doing it to prove something to herself but Jane gave up on the third try, looking dejected.

"I-I'm no good…" Jane whimpered but in truth, Kyle never expected her to try and give him a blowjob and only wanted to see how far she was willing to go.

The fact that she took it in her mouth told him that she was mentally ready for this moment.

"Get u-!" Kyle couldn't complete his words because Jane did the impossible, she gobbled up at least 6 inches and this nearly sent Kyle into the avatar state because it was all in the way her throat trapped it.

"I cnnngggttt brraauuugthe!" Jane couldn't breathe or speak at this moment, this was the only word that could come out of her mouth.

Kyle snapped back to reality, he couldn't believe that she was trying to still force more inches.

He had to push his waist back so she could breathe. No, that wasn't it.

"What the fuck was that?" Kyle thought to himself.

Jane coughed aggressively, clearly showing signs of pushing herself too far but the moment she caught her breath. She managed to mutter.

"D-Did I do something wrong?" Jane questioned but Kyle shook his head to reassure her.

He couldn't explain it but when his cock reached her throat, it felt like it was stuck in sinking sand and the more he struggled to pull it out, the deeper it sank.

"I think I'm ready now," Kyle guided her back to her feet like a princess before leading her to his room.

He was about to have the rarest of meals and that was Jane's virginity.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 139 - 139: Fate Or Treat? [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle led her to his room and laid her gently on the bed. Jane was shy and covered her face because she couldn't look Kyle in the face.

Kyle expected this from her but also knew he needed to be gentle with her because this didn't excuse the fact that she just escaped being sexually assaulted.

There would still be a residue of that act in her mind because she was wearing the same clothes from the night before.

Kyle knew that everything could unravel with one wrong move so he had to be careful.

He climbed on top of her, running his fingers up her partly exposed navel, Kyle had a serious look on his face.

"T-That tickles," Jane squirmed on the bed letting out a giggle but Kyle's hand slowly went up her shirt and cupped her breast in his right hand.

Jane whimpered but Kyle wasn't rough, she had small breasts so there was not much to grab but her nipple was as hard as steel.

Kyle ran his finger around it and watched as Jane tried her best to keep in her moan.

"G-Gently~" Jane was sensitive and lost control of her body, this was territory she wasn't familiar with so she had no choice but to trust Kyle.

They felt like little beads but Kyle wanted to see her breasts looked bare.

"Are you ready?" Kyle asked her, the fact that he was taking her permission before he proceeded was a nice touch.

It made Jane feel safe because all she had to say was to stop if she didn't like what he was doing.

She felt no pressure to do this and this was ideal for her first time.

She nodded her head to give Kyle her permission and Kyle raised her shirt to expose her breasts but he didn't touch her right away.

Kyle sat there admiring the beauty before him but this made Jane feel self-conscious as she began to think he didn't like the size.

"D-Do you wish they were bigger?" Jane asked in a defeated voice but Kyle shook his heart.

"No, they are perfect… You're perfect," Kyle said under his breath. Jane couldn't hold back her smile at this compliment.

But she didn't have time to get her thoughts together because Kyle's tongue made contact with her nipple, sending a jolt of pleasure down her spine.

Kyle made sure his other hand was caressing her other breast.

"Oh- AAH~!" Jane couldn't keep these noises from escaping her lips even if she wanted to.

Kyle placed it in his mouth and began to suck on them like a newborn baby with his other hand slipping between her already spread legs.

Kyle slid his finger in and with the simultaneous stimulation to her breast.

Wah…hahh~… K-Kyle…- Ah~….nghh~ hmmmph~!!"

Jane was moaning uncontrollably, the pleasure that rocked her body made her salivate like a dog even though she didn't know this was how she looked.

Kyle could tell that she was about to cum by the way she clutched the sheets but that was something he wasn't going to grant her, at least now yet and this was the only reason he stopped.

Jane was breaking heavily, she had touched herself before but the pleasure didn't come close to this.

How did Kyle understand her body more than she did?

Jane didn't want to think but wanted him to continue doing what he did so why did he stop?

She lowered her hand covering her face and saw that Kyle was adjusting himself, aligning his cock, ready to enter the runway between her legs.

Jane gulped, she had no idea if that would fit but she thought the same for her mouth and she managed to handle a couple of inches.

"W-Wait!" Jane was hesitant and Kyle stopped the moment he heard this.

"Is something wrong?" Kyle questioned, clearly concerned.

"P-Please be gentle," Jane requested to which Kyle heaved a sigh.

"Damn, here I was, about to tear open your stomach," Kyle joked and this seemed to have a calming effect on Jane as a chuckle escaped her lips.

Kyle had no intention of being rough with her because she was a girl who required gentle hands to handle.

Kyle slowly inserted his cock into her and she clutched the sheets so hard, one would think she was about to rip it apart.

Kyle knew that she was in pain but this was how it was losing your virginity.

The first time was always painful even though she was wet enough, Kyle took the extra step of lubing up his cock before putting it in her to make the experience as pleasurable as possible.

She swallowed up an inch but winced in pain, her body shook in pleasure and pain.

"S-She's so fucking tight!" Kyle thought to himself and it took the second inch to break her hymen as blood dripped down his cock.

This was the first time that Kyle had taken someone's virginity and this moment felt special, this wasn't just sex but their bodies entering an oath.

"Hnnngh~!... NGH~!"

Jane was in pain but Kyle was going in as slow as he could; however, unlike her, all that went through Kyle's body was pleasure.

He couldn't comprehend how good she felt, it was like his cock was splitting the red sea and it melted inside.

The mushy and squishy feeling, of her inner walls made it hard for him to go back and forth despite Jane being soaked.

Kyle managed to put 3 inches in before slowly pulling it out but slid it right back in but even slower than the first time.

"Aggh~! Oh~ Aahh~!" Jane moans mixed in pain but the pleasure was greater than the pain.

Kyle, who was kneeling before her, thrust his hips back and forth with his hands firmly on her waist.

He was trying to establish a rhythm and he made sure not to put more than 3 because each time he tried to put in more, Jane's body jerked back.

This told Kyle that her body had set her limit for her and any more would inflict more pain but Kyle didn't mind this.

Kyle watched her moan, her painful facial expression lessening with each thrust.

He was glad that this moment was being shared with Jane, it was a lot easier thrusting now as the penetration had loosened her up.

This was a good thing but Kyle was surprised that he was the one about to cum.

He didn't know if it was because emotional intimacy was involved but this entire experience felt new.

She shouldn't have this effect on him, Kyle realized that his feelings for the woman he was in might be deeper than he realized.

He lowered his face and kissed her passionately, this was a rare moment for Kyle as he kept thrusting his hips back and forth.

Jane grabbed his back, subconsciously digging her nails into it but she couldn't believe that she had lost her virginity.

"I love you, Jane..." Kyle didn't know when these words escaped his lips but before he could correct himself, Jane began to sob.

"W-Woah! I mean-!" Kyle was cut off as Jane pulled him in close.

"I love you too, Kyle,"

-

Nate was in the club, and he was told about Kyle being discharged by Ella, they were in contact ever since the hospital even though the conversation revolved around Kyle.

It never got personal but that was because Ella was keeping him at arm's length.

She wasn't interested in Nate despite his good looks. Age was a factor but the turnout in the club the previous night was high.

Nate had his hands full and he could barely contain the crowd even with the workers in his possession.

It was wearing him down and he was beginning to wonder if he was built for this but the check in his bank account told him otherwise.

"Fuck my life, I didn't know it would be this stressful," Nate muttered under his breath but soon realized that anyone would kill to be in his position.

He couldn't complain, he had the dream job and this had the potential to set him up for life.

"A drink? Or have you forgotten what your job is about?" A lady asked, Nate looked over his shoulder to see Ella sitting on the opposite side of the bar.

Nate didn't even know when she came to him but was also aware that it was a little too early to be drinking.

However, this was none of his business and he had a job to do as this was how they made their money in the first place.

"Ella!? I didn't know you were coming," Nate hurried to attend to her. He was the manager so there was no need for him to man the bar but he was yet to find someone he trusted to do this job on his behalf.

"Why would you?" Ella asked with a raised brow but Nate kept his mouth shut.

"Such a mean lady," Nate thought to himself, rolling his eyes but another customer soon came in to have a drink.

"Welcome, what can I get for you?" Nate attended to her first despite Ella being here first.

Ella didn't like this but this wasn't the place for an argument.

She looked over her shoulder and saw a brunette lady, she was stunning.

"I'm so glad this place opened up so close to my work," There was something familiar about this lady's voice.

The woman looked over at Ella and she was revealed to be Calista Wave.

.

.

.

A/N: I'm feeling better so we should resume with our normal uploading schedule by tomorrow. Thank you for all the wishes!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 140 - 140: Ella Meets Calista
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Calista instantly recognized Ella. She was not only the lady who performed but also one of the two who left with Kyle.

Calista wasn't certain even though she watched this lady perform throughout.

The only thing that made her stand out was her red hair. That was the distinguishing feature of hers that made her recognize the lady, but there was also a chance that she wasn't the one.

The world was big and there was a chance that she wasn't the only red-haired here.

"Hi… Are you the one that performed here last night?" Calisat questioned.

Ella was surprised that she recognized her because she thought that no one was paying attention but it was a welcomed development.

She liked the attention, the little fame that came with that night.

Nate couldn't pick out who was more attractive between the two but Calista had an aura around her that made him feel inferior.

He couldn't put it into words but Nate could tell that this woman was in a class of her own or at least that was the energy he got from her.

"Yeah, that's me. You were here that night?" Ella questioned. The chances of running into someone who attended that night were high.

"A small world! I loved your song! Was it an original?" Calista questioned.

This left Ella speechless because Nate wasn't the only one that got that air of superiority around her so hearing her say she liked her song brought a smile to Ella's face.

She couldn't contain the grin that crept up on her face either.

Someone was showing interest in her craft and a beautiful lady at that. There was no doubt that someone this beautiful belonged in the industry.

"Yes, it is an original. Thank you very much," Ella tried her best to pretend like she was used to people complimenting her music in the first place even though that wasn't the case.

She had to act that way, not that Calista cared, Calista was only saying what she said so she could force Ella to drop her guard.

"It is a shame you left early, I would have killed for a few more songs," Calista said with Nate placing her drink in front of her.

It was a non-alcoholic drink and this showed that Calista wasn't some lady that drank during the day.

Ella noticed this and gave Nate a knowing look, nonverbally telling him she would have what she was having.

Calista might be someone important and it was Ella's chance to establish some sort of connection with her.

She would need all the help she could get if she was going to rise to the top.

This was an opportunity for her to do just that.

"Our time was up but I had a few more songs in me if that makes you feel better," Ella tried her best to establish some sort of familiarity between them.

"Hahaha! That does make me feel better. I know this is none of my business but I hope your friend got home safe?" Calista questioned.

Ella became cautious the moment these words left her lips.

"What do you mean by that?" Ella questioned.

"I'm not some crazy stalker, I promise you. I noticed you left with a man and we girls have to look out for each other," Calista took a sip of her drink.

Sexual predators were common in places like these so Ella could understand why she would be worried but it was unusual for a stranger to worry about another.

However, Ella noticed that she made an impression on this lady so it was a possibility that she was indeed watching out for her.

"Don't worry about him, he is my friend's boyfriend," Ella let it slip and the moment Calista heard this, she froze in place.

"B-Boyfriend?" She nearly choked on her drink because this couldn't be right.

Calista knew she had to compose herself because this woman didn't know who she was.

If she did, the chances of gathering more information would prove futile.

"Are you okay?" Ella questioned, watching Calista catching herself after briefly choking.

"I-It went down the wrong pipe… That's what I get for trying to chug it," Calista saved face.

"I'm glad she got home safely," Calista responded to which Ella nodded with a smile.

-

Jane was resting on Kyle's chest, Kyle was stroking her hair as they lay in silence.

They didn't want to say a word, all they wanted to do was enjoy each other's company.

There was nothing wrong with this because they had just experienced an intense moment.

Jane noticed that the pain wasn't as bad as she thought it would be or rather, the aftercare that Kyle provided made it tolerable.

She couldn't believe she had lost her virginity, the movies made it into a magical thing and she could see why.

It was heavenly, it felt like she was floating on cloud 9, an ecstasy that she couldn't put her fingers around.

The silence was finally broken.

"Thank you so much for everything, Kyle," Jane began.

"I didn't know if I believed in soulmates until I met you," Jane's voice began to crack.

"I know I'm awkward and not as beautiful or endowed as the rest and this is why I feel lucky every day that you chose me…" Jane was trying her best not to break down.

Kyle didn't say a word for a minute because he wanted to soak in everything she had said.

"You know… I think you're the most beautiful lady I have met and you're fine just the way you are. If I could change anything about you, the only thing I would change is meeting you a lot sooner, I didn't know I was starving until I laid my eyes on you, Jane," Kyle reassured her, stroking her hair in the process.

Jane couldn't contain her emotions, her heart was heavy and she suddenly started crying.

Kyle understood the intensity of this moment and simply stroked her hair.

He allowed her to feel her emotions because this would be a moment she would remember for the rest of her life.

Kyle understood that Jane was a lady that has suffered from low self-esteem for years and only recently regained her confidence to a certain degree.

It showed with the words she just said about herself, there was no doubt that Kyle was among the top 1% so her speech about her being lucky wasn't far-fetched but she needed to give herself more credit.

Because not everyone had it in them to pull one

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 141 - 141: Priscilla's Hunch.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Things were back on track with Clarence out of the picture, the work colleagues were informed and Jane was given a week off to get her mental health in order.

Not only did this also show the lapse in Apple Stores, the lack of a background check was evident in this sort of big corporation but then again, they couldn't be blamed because Clarence was a man that found a way around it.

The fact that the police couldn't find him further reinstated how elusive he was.

Clarence knew a few people but it was clear that they weren't loyal to him as they did whatever they wanted either way.

This ruled out any retaliation by any third party as no one cared too much about Clarence.

Priscilla had solved the case and linked it to multiple other cases that went unsolved.

This earned her the respect of her peers as they were glad that the other victims found closure.

But it also highlighted her ability to see things that the others couldn't, a gut feeling was one of the most powerful things and it was no coincidence that she had a 90% accuracy.

The LAPD knew that they needed a new way to tackle things as criminals were getting smarter with the introduction of technology among other things.

The old ways no longer worked and sometimes, even science failed like it did with this recent case.

Priscilla was thankful that it turned out this way but she was curious about the kind of man that could kill someone like Clarence.

More so, why did Clarence try to kill him despite his previous victims being only women?

What made Kyle so unique was that he would change his M.O. There was no attempt to sexually assault him either so this was a blatant attempt at murder.

"What are you thinking about?" Oliver asked, sitting right across from her as they had lunch in a nearby restaurant.

"What do you mean?" Priscilla questioned.

"You're doing that thing with your face," Oliver muttered before sinking his teeth into the burger in front of him as opposed to Priscilla, who was having something light with a plate of salad sitting in front of her.

"I just feel like I'm missing something," Priscilla confessed but Oliver rolled his eyes upon hearing this.

She always did this. Oliver tapped the table, reminding her that she was yet to touch her food.

"Eat Priscilla. If there is something else to solve, we can do that after eating," Oliver pointed out, taking another bite out of his burger.

"I have a question for you," Priscilla spoke, digging her fork into the salad before her.

"Shoot," Oliver responded.

"If a robber was to come here and we were supposed to give chase, how do you plan on doing so?" Priscilla commented.

Oliver already knew what she was insinuating, junk food wasn't healthy and Oliver was beginning to develop something of a dad bod.

This was a bad look and there was no way that he would be able to keep up in a police chase which would ultimately leave her without backup.

"Come on! I haven't had one in so long!" Oliver defended himself but the pace at which he was devouring the meal in front of him reduced drastically because he was now self-conscious.

"Not everyone can eat to satisfaction with salad," Oliver added.

"You aren't meant to eat until you're satisfied but eat to sustain yourself," Priscilla pointed out before taking another fork into the mouth.

She was savouring the taste but Oliver continued with his burger but he understood that Priscilla wasn't attacking.

She has always been blunt when it came to these things.

"What did you think about Kyle?" Priscilla questioned. Despite eating, she was still thinking about work.

"I think he needs time to accept what has happened to him. You must have seen it, he was scared out of his mind," Oliver pointed out.

"It would be strange if he wasn't but he hides it pretty well," Priscilla pointed out.

The police officers had seen through his brave face due to their experience in the force.

They have seen people go through similar situations so it wasn't anything new.

"Is that why you asked me or did you see something I missed?" Oliver questioned.

He trusted Priscilla when it came to these things because she had connected dots that he didn't even know existed.

"Why was he targeted? Why did Clarence choose him and could it be related to that lady?" Priscilla questioned.

"Priscilla, the case is solved. There is no need to dig deeper for more dirt," Oliver kept her in check.

She had this habit of overdoing it and ruining the good work she had done already.

This was why she hadn't been promoted despite her high intelligence.

This flaw was too great to be overlooked because if she did get promoted, it meant fewer people would call her into check and she risked ruining the authenticity of the LAPD.

Even though Oliver was doing a decent job acting as an anchor, there was only so much he could do.

"You're right…" Priscilla conceded, heaving a frustrated sigh.

"Should we talk about your weight some more?" Priscilla asked.

"NO!" Oliver fired back, he would rather have silence than be shamed for his eating habits.

-

Ella didn't know that Calista shared a sexual relationship with Kyle but something was interesting that happened.

Calista pretended to not know who Kyle was even after the conversation had come to a halt.

She could have easily driven a wedge between this supposed relationship by revealing who she was but she didn't.

However, she did exchange contact information with Ella because she knew that this woman would be a lot more useful for information under the guise of friendship.

Ella thought that Calista was strange but who wasn't in this crazy world?

More importantly, she found a fan and that made her entire day because she would have never imagined her music would appeal to someone that wealthy. She was speechless when she saw the car she drove, this confirmed the aura of superiority.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 142 - 142: Cassandra's Manipulation?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle knew he couldn't stay laid in bed all day with Jane and had to head out to conclude some business.

He noticed that Cassandra needed his help and what better way to gain favour with her than to offer his assistance.

He saw her account number and decided to give her $1,000,000 to sort out whatever needed sorting.

[Ding!]

[Spent $1,000,000. 50X Critical Hit. Earned $50,000,000! The money has been transferred to account XXX-XXX-XXX!]

[Spent at least $1,000,000 on a beautiful lady!]

This was an easy addition to his bank account and Kyle smiled at it.

He gave Jane his black card, it was hers, she could spend anyhow she wished to and this way, every penny she spent would be multiplied thanks to his cashback system.

This way he wouldn't need to spend on her directly despite it having the same effect.

He planned to do the same with Calista and Cassandra.

The system could give him unlimited black cards so Kyle knew he could get more from it seeing as it was one of the perks of it.

He gave Cassandra the heads up that he was coming, she gave him the go-ahead and why wouldn't she?

She knew that Kyle's social status superseded hers so she acted accordingly despite being older.

Age had nothing to do with this because Kyle was a young man and she knew it was a privilege to be chosen by him.

He had other women and she didn't mind being just another woman as long as she got her bills paid.

She thought life was coming to an end when she was divorcing her husband, who taunted her that no one would want someone as old as she was and she would eventually come crawling back to him.

This took considerable bravery because Cassandra had no backup plans.

She had relied on him financially during their marriage and this was why she tolerated the abuse for as long as she did.

It was because she had nowhere else to go but Kyle had opened up an unlimited amount of possibilities.

Kyle arrived at her place a little later than usual but this was only because he took a detour.

Cassandra was waiting for him outside, Kyle saw her in a loose sundress but she wasn't wearing any bra so her big breasts were jumping all over the place.

He didn't know if she had put it on intentionally or not but that didn't matter, who didn't like a little eye candy?

"Kyle!" Cassandra called out, watching him park his car in her parking lot.

Kyle waved at her through the window, he wondered why she was excited but once again, didn't question it.

Kyle exited his vehicle and before he knew it, Cassandra walked up to him, embracing him in the process.

Kyle felt her soft breasts push against his chest, her nipples poking his chest and Kyle got instant flashbacks to her breastfeeding him.

He felt like Homelander in that moment and Kyle didn't know when his hands grabbed her butt cheeks during this brief embrace.

But Cassandra didn't recoil from it, the fact that anyone could see this showed that she no longer cared if her neighbours saw her or not.

She was hesitant before because she didn't know how interested Kyle was and it wouldn't be a good look if she was hooking up with men despite having a kid.

She knew her husband had friends in this neighbourhood who were keeping an eye on her.

But if Kyle could send her $1,000,000 then it would show the judge that she had the financial capabilities of taking care of her child.

She was wealthier than her husband in a single transfer and Kyle was willing to play a role that would give her child somewhat of a male presence.

"We're outside," Cassandra whispered in his ear before breaking away from the embrace.

Kyle realized at that moment that she had accepted his offer.

If she didn't, there was no way in hell she would be okay with him doing this but it all boiled down to the singular most important thing that every woman craved– financial security.

Cassandra grabbed his hand and led him inside, Kyle was surprised by the sudden change in character but that was the power of money.

Cassandra sat him down and the aroma in the air was that of food.

"You cooked?" Kyle questioned to which Cassandra nodded with a smile plastered across her face.

"I did…" Cassandra responded.

Kyle knew what she was doing, she was advertising the perks of what she could provide for him.

This was her way of making sure she was of use to him outside the bedroom.

Sex could only keep a man for so long and this was a gesture that Kyle appreciated.

"Are you trying to impress me, Cassey?" Kyle questioned with a smirk.

"Maybe," Cassandra responded, not giving him a direct answer despite the both of them already knowing the truth.

Cassandra noticed that Kyle had a leather in hand with something inside, she wondered what it was.

Kyle noticed her briefly and looked at it and handed it to her.

"Here, I got you this," Kyle handed her the bag.

Cassandra knew he didn't have to do any of this as he had already done so much for her.

She opened the bag and saw pieces of jewellery.

It wasn't just your average jewelry but these easily cost over $10,000.

Cassandra didn't know how to process this, she knew Kyle was rich but this was already exceeding her expectations.

It was a necklace with a matching watch set.

"Oh my gosh, you spoil me…" Cassandra gushed.

"I thought it would look good on you so I got it," Kyle stated bluntly.

But once again, he was surprised that she was yet to be added to his harem.

This meant that despite all of this, Cassandra hadn't developed feelings for him yet and this didn't satisfy his ego.

Kyle looked at her breasts and noticed that the dress could barely keep her cleavage intact.

Kyle still couldn't wrap his head around the size and wondered how she was walking with something that huge on her chest but that was part of the reason he liked her.

Each girl he has shown interest in had something that the other didn't have.

"You're so sweet!" Cassandra said, taking it out of the box.

"Come here," Kyle gestured, offering to help her wear the necklace.

Cassandra didn't hesitate, accepting his offer in a heartbeat.

She handed it to him before turning around, she smelled so good.

Kyle pressed his crotch against her butt cheeks, his shaft positioned right between them.

Cassandra noticed this and all she did was smile, Kyle couldn't see the smile across her face, however.

Cassandra subtly pushed her ass back to bury it deeper.

"This woman…" Kyle thought to himself.

She was older than him so certainly, she must have more experience.

Kyle knew he had to thread carefully as the possibility that Cassandra might be manipulating crossed his mind. But if she was using him for money, that would be perfect as it would only increase his net worth so he wasn't losing anything.

He placed the necklace around her but Kyle couldn't get his mind off the softness and comfort that his shaft was getting from something this obscure.

He was beginning to wonder how it would feel to have her bare buttcheeks wrapped around his cock.

He clipped the necklace from the back but the moment he did, Cassandra suddenly bent down like she had dropped something.

She dropped the empty box that contained the jewellery but this action wasn't necessary.

"Ah, so that's what she's doing," Kyle thought to himself with a smile but he knew he had to show her that he wasn't so easily seduced.

Kyle took a step back despite wanting to raise that sundress and shove his entire length in her because that was what she deserved for doing something like this.

"Turn around," Kyle instructed her and the way the pendant sat between her cleavage was a sight to behold.

"How do I look?" Cassandra asked.

"Fucking hell, you look perfect," Kyle said under his breath to which Cassandra giggled.

"Are you sure?" Cassandra asked, turning around slowly for Kyle to take in her body.

"On second thought, maybe I exaggerated," Kyle was cheeky, he knew that she was only just becoming secure with her body due to the frequent compliments he gave her.

And the fact she was able to 'retain' him was proof of that. Kyle noticed the brief change in her body language as her hands subconsciously moved toward the most insecure part of her body which was her stomach.

"... Is what I would have said but that isn't the case with you. If anything, my words don't do your body justice," Kyle said.

This subtle change was enough to not only remind her of her place but he was able to trigger a low and then a high almost immediately.

This was one of the best ways to make someone constantly seek your approval.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 143 - 143: Kyle Opens Up.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was with Cassandra and played a little bit with her however it was time to get down to business.

"Are you worried about losing your child?" Kyle questioned her, sitting across from her.

"Which mother wouldn't be scared of losing their child?" Cassandra responded with a worried look on her face.

Kyle kept quiet because he knew about one woman, that was his late mother that took her life and left him to survive alone in this world.

It was a miracle that Kyle did as well as he did with such a traumatic childhood but it also explained why he was disconnected from reality.

He was going through the motions because his mother had taught him one thing from an early age: There was always one escape if things got too hard.

This was the principle that ironically got Kyle through each day.

He couldn't understand his feelings but for some reason, he wanted to watch how Cassandra raised her child.

He couldn't wrap his fingers around it before, he was uncertain but Kyle realized he no longer had the luxury of uncertainty.

Uncertainty breeds complications, he was uncertain about so many things and one of those things nearly cost Jane her life.

If Kyle had gotten rid of Mike or rather, Clarence; none of this would have happened.

"You're right; a mother should love her child," Kyle responded, but Cassandra picked up on something more instinctual than visual.

There was something in the way he responded.

"Your mother is she sti-!" Cassandra was cut short.

"My mother killed herself when I was kid," Kyle revealed like this was something casual.

There was no emotional connection.

Kyle knew he could talk to Cassandra not because she was older but because she was a mother.

This was the only reason why he spoke the way he did as he didn't see himself revealing this information to either Jane or Calista.

"Oh my God, I'm sorry," Cassandra was quick to show her sympathy for bringing up a topic that could be triggering.

"You are? Tell me why…" Kyle said, looking her right in the eye but the look on his face was anything but friendly.

"I can't imagine what you might have had to go through losing your mother that young," Cassandra told him but Kyle chuckled at this response.

"People always say they're sorry for one's loss but in truth, you're indifferent," Kyle pointed out, pausing to take a sip of the glass of water that she had served him before continuing.

"... And that's fine. Selective empathy and the only reason you're sorry was because I have burdened you with uncomfortable information that forces you to respond this way. If you knew my mother, you wouldn't be sorry," Kyle said but once again, she could tell he held no emotional connection to his mother by the way he spoke.

However, Cassandra knew this was a rare opportunity to find out more about him so she had to tread carefully.

"You're right, I have no idea who your mother was but I know you and this was why I offered my condolences," Cassandra responded, almost regretting bringing up his mother.

"That does make sense," Kyle thought for a moment before these words left his mouth.

This was the first time he was speaking about it ever since repressing the memory as a child.

Kyle was speaking like he was talking about someone else's experience despite it being his and this was what threw Cassandra off.

She didn't understand what Kyle was looking for but she certainly didn't expect him to have such a story.

Did he come from money or made it all himself? She had so many questions but knew she couldn't overstep.

Kyle gave her that information unprovoked, like he just wanted to hear himself say it out loud and she had to make sure he knew he could tell her everything.

"What is wrong?" Kyle questioned Cassandra, noticing the change in her body language.

"Nothing, I just feel like I might have dulled the mood," Cassandra confessed.

"There is nothing you did that is wrong but I want to know what is standing in the way of you getting your son?" Kyle questioned her.

"Now that I have your help, nothing. I can hire the best lawyer and I have proof of financial stability," Cassandra confessed with a sigh of relief.

This was weighing heavily on her mind and Kyle realized that she thought she had to repay him with sex.

Kyle planned to devour but at his own pace, this was the same reason he took his time with Jane. He didn't respect Calista so he screwed her as soon as he could to get the nut out of his system but Cassandra was a different ball game.

He didn't want to fuck her this way, nothing was exciting if he gave in when she wanted him to give him, it should be the other way round.

Cassandra started as a means for him to forget about Aiysha but Kyle, the recurring nightmares that he had before the attempt on his life did something to him.

He couldn't recall the events of his childhood but for some reason, something stirred up in him the moment he saw Calista and her child.

This was why he was uncertain, one minute he wanted to screw her but the next minute he didn't wish to.

It was strange but while he couldn't remember what he went through as a child, his body did and it did everything in its power to prevent him from doing something similar to another family.

He always wondered why his mother stayed despite his father cheating on her consistently, like he was being paid to until another woman took him away altogether leaving his mother to resent the spitting image of her husband in the form of Kyle.

With his memories back, Kyle could now trace what he was feeling and this helped his uncertain nature.

All it took was nearly dying to fix that.

"That is good to hear. Family is important," Kyle pointed out, looking around the room like he was searching for someone.

"Speaking of the kid, where is he?" Kyle questioned.

"He is with his father," Cassandra responded.

Kyle already knew that the father would play a role in the child's life, but that much couldn't be helped because a father's presence was needed.

Even though Kyle would have much prepared for him to be a factor he didn't have to worry about it.

This would serve as a good means to see what kind of person Cassandra was.

If she could handle herself around her ex-husband but more importantly, if all she has told him was true.

What if the husband wasn't the problem?

After all, he didn't have the privilege of listening to both sides of the story.

Cassandra looked panicked when she told him this because she understood that Kyle was a man who didn't like to share. The rules he had set earlier and they had never spoken about the child.

Yet, his body language didn't betray him, and Kyle didn't react to this negatively.

"That's good, I was worried for a moment that you would deprive him of a father. A terrible husband doesn't mean a terrible father," Kyle pointed out and this was something that people didn't like to admit as they tend to lump them into one.

Cassandra was visibly relieved by how he reacted to this news, she thought about lying for a brief second but that would only complicate things in the future.

If she wanted anything decent with Kyle, she had to be completely honest.

"I would never do that to him," Cassandra responded.

Kyle understood that he was here because she wished to repay him with sex and this was a bit disappointing.

"When is the court date?" Kyle questioned and Cassandra thought about it for a moment.

She didn't know that Kyle would show this much interest, he had already done enough with the money.

"It Is in 3 days," Cassandra responded.

"Are you sure it is a good idea to be seen with me until it is over?" Kyle questioned.

Cassandra thought about it for a moment.

She knew that there was no way this would affect the court proceedings especially since Kyle was willing to be in the boy's life but Kyle knew that this might cause complications.

The timeframe in which she got with him would raise suspicions about the authenticity of the relationship.

Not only that, it would put him in the spotlight.

A light which he wanted to avoid because the last thing he would want was unwanted questions.

He might have laid the foundation to explain his wealth but it was too early for such returns to be possible.

There was no way a nightclub that was less than a week old would make him a billionaire or a renovated building that hadn't even been completed.

Kyle took his time to explain his reasoning to her.

"Now that you say that, I think you might have a point. I can't believe I didn't think of it that way," Cassandra gasped but was more amazed that Kyle was already thinking that far ahead.

"On the 4th day, I will give you all your body desires," Kyle said with a straight face, looking right at her breasts.

"Everything I desire..." He muttered under his breath with a smirk, instantly taking control of the situation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 144 - 144: Are You Home?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle made some sense of Cassandra and was glad they saw things the same way, as it saved him from going into details.

Kyle didn't know why he told Cassandra about his mother but he needed to get it off his chest.

Cassandra was a mother and right from the start, he could feel the nurturing nature in her.

Maybe he was so attracted to her because his mother was absent in his life.

It was not known if Kyle had mommy issues but he certainly reached the criteria for such a dilemma.

Kyle knew that Cassandra had the means to see things through a lens that no one else was capable of because she was a mother.

"I should get going," Kyle said but Cassandra quickly got to her feet and rushed to the kitchen.

Kyle wondered what she was up to but didn't need to for long as she returned with a food flask.

He knew that she had cooked so this was no surprise but did appreciate the gesture because she didn't have to.

"Here! Please take this," Cassandra pleaded, handing him the flask to which a friendly smile creased his face.

"Why does it sound like you're planning to poison me?" Kyle joked but quickly realized that Cassandra might not get his sense of humour.

"Are you saying my food is poisonous?" Cassandra questioned with a raised brow.

"Shit!" Kyle thought to himself, that this was the last thing he needed because he didn't have the energy to start explaining himself.

If all it took was an apology then Kyle was willing to offer that so he could be on his way.

"No, that isn't what I meant to say-!" Kyle could tell halfway into his apology that she was messing with him because Cassandra broke character, a smile creasing her face.

"You're messing with me, aren't you?" Kyle asked and that was when she burst out laughing, nodding her head to confirm it.

Kyle took the food and left the house, he spent approximately an hour here but it was worth it.

He got to understand Cassandra and her motives a lot better allowing him to know how he would move forward from here.

Kyle got into his car and left the area but he wasn't going back to Jane.

Quite the opposite, Kyle went to his club to see what was going on as he was the main authority there.

And there was a good chance that Nate wasn't expecting him so this was a good opportunity to see how he was handling the place in his absence.

Kyle walked into the building, he used the entrance to the restaurant and to his surprise, it was filled to the brim with a little line at the door.

Whoever Antonio was, that recipe must be the shit for it to attract these many people.

Kyle noticed that his daughter was nowhere to be seen but that was to be expected considering her age.

She wouldn't spend the rest of her life working as a waitress, especially with her father's recent success.

Kyle walked to the club and saw Nate was hard at work, he was in his blind spot so there was no way that Nate saw him.

Kyle noticed they had a few customers, which was strange considering it was daytime but once again, this place had a strip club in a different compartment however it was defunct.

They hadn't recruited anyone yet because this would require a thorough background check. After all, sex was something that could easily ruin any business if done wrong.

Lawsuits, STDs, etc, there were so many variables and Kyle knew he needed an effective means to not only keep the workers in check but the customers as well.

He didn't have those measures yet.

"Hello there," Kyle called out, this not only startled Nate but forced him to drop the glass he was holding onto the ground, shattering it.

"S-Sir! You're out of the hospital!?" Nate exclaimed but quickly lowered his voice when he noticed the customers there had their eyes on him.

"Break another glass while you're at it," Kyle responded but Nate didn't hear a word, rushing to embrace him.

"I'm so glad you're good! Does it hurt anywhere? Did they catch the asshole!?" Nate exclaimed once again and once more, lowered his voice.

"I'm good, Nate," Kyle responded with a reassuring smile.

"You're so cool!" Nate praised his boss because he knew he wouldn't be able to function for weeks if something like that happened to him.

"And you're so dramatic," Kyle said while shaking his head in disbelief even though he secretly appreciated Nate's concern.

"Anything interesting happened while I was away?" Kyle asked.

Nate dug into his breast pocket and retrieved a card before handing it to Kyle.

" What's this?" Kyle asked.

"Someone came in earlier and asked to meet the owner of this place. I couldn't get any more information, they were pretty shady," Nate pointed out.

Kyle looked at the card for a moment and tried to wrap his head around what they could want.

"Hm…" Kyle thought to himself, pondering on the possibility that this could spell bad news.

He knew clubs were a hub for illegal activities and there was a chance that this person wanted to talk business that pertained to the dirtiest of businesses.

There was no way that his club potential wasn't known at this moment because he did something that was not only new but original.

"Are you sure you don't need some more rest?" Nate asked, noticing that Kyle was out of it.

"I'm fine," Kyle responded, tucking the card in his pocket.

"Is there anything else you wish to tell me?" Kyle asked

"I think that's i-! Wait, I just remembered…" Nate blurted out before leaning in towards Kyle.

"The lady that performed here a few nights ago came here earlier today… " Nate began.

"Ella? What is she doing here?" Kyle thought to himself as Nate continued.

"There was this other brunette beauty but I think you should know her, you danced with her after all," Nate pointed it out, implying that he was watching Kyle.

Kyle didn't think of this as a big deal because he knew that Nate wouldn't risk betraying his trust by revealing this information.

"And Ella might have said that you went home with your girlfriend," Nate pointed out.

But Kyle was not as reactive as Nate would have thought, it was almost like he didn't care.

"I see, that might prove to be a problem," Kyle muttered under his breath.

The truth was that he wasn't threatened by Calista because she must have known that she wasn't the only one but there was no way that she would be foolish enough to make contact with Jane without speaking to him first.

Kyle knew she had more to lose than him so she was the one who was going to be on his best behaviour.

Kyle knew he had to be more careful because if Nate saw him then there was a chance that so did others. Calista to be exact but what she saw was limited.

Nate told him everything, including the conversation he had overheard and Kyle chuckled at Calista's antics.

She was indeed an actress but the affection bar remained unaffected so this news didn't sway her whatsoever.

Kyle checked his phone quickly and saw that he had no texts or calls from Calista. She must still think he was in the hospital and didn't wish to burden him with such foolish news.

Kyle understood the importance of communication but only told them what they needed to know.

"Excuse me for a moment," Kyle said to Nate, taking his phone and calling Calista to see what she had been up to but almost like she read his mind, Kyle's phone rang.

It was Calista, she must have gone to the hospital and found out that he was dismissed.

"Hey you," Kyle began the conversation but what he was met with was silence.

Calista didn't expect him to pick up that quickly and went blank the moment he did.

[[Hey Kyle, how're you? I just heard you left the hospital, a heads up would have been nice.]] She responded, trying to come off as casual as she could.

"I'm so sorry, I wanted to surprise you but work came in the way," Kyle responded.

[[Work? But I'm at your door…]] Calista responded and for the first time, the king felt true fear or so the quote goes. Kyle knew that Calista seeing Jane in his apartment would be the worst-case scenario because he wouldn't be there to handle the situation.

This could go so many ways but from what Nate told him, Calista didn't inform Ella of their relationship when she had every chance to so there was a high chance that she would do the same here.

"Are you missing me that much? It is a good thing you called or you would have been knocking for ages," Kyle responded, keeping his cool.

She didn't have the keys to his apartment so this was the best she could do.

The chances that she would proceed to knock were slim.

[[Where are you right now?]] Calista questioned.

"I'm on my way to your place," Kyle responded, this was to instil a sense of urgency for her to leave the area.

[[Y-You are!? I'm coming right aw-!]] Calista stopped in her tracks because she heard movements from within his apartment.

"What is wrong?" Kyle questioned.

[[I think there is someone in your apartment…]] Calista responded but Kyle couldn't think quickly on his feet.

"Yeah, that is part of the reason I'm not there. There is some work going on inside so I thought I should kick it with you," This wasn't a lie, Kyle didn't lie directly but indirectly by omitting information.

There was indeed work going on and the work in progress in this sentence was Jane.

.

.

.

A/N: Guess who got sick again? You guessed it, this guy.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 145 - 145: Who Are You, Kyle?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Calista was surprised about what Kyle had told her but had no reason not to trust him.

Ignorance is bliss; it is the same way people opt not to snoop through their partner's phone not because they trusted them. Rather because they didn't want to see who they truly were.

Calista knew that she would find her answers behind that door and took a step towards the door.

She was going to see who was inside before she could press the doorbell—a voice called out behind her.

"You're Calista, aren't you?" Aiysha questioned the woman before her. Calista never told her what her name was so she was certain that it must be Jones.

"That is correct, can I help you with something?" Calista responded, looking right at her.

She didn't know what Jones had told her but it couldn't be anything bad considering he didn't know her.

However, there was a chance that Aiysha wouldn't be comfortable with her husband interacting with an attractive woman such as herself.

"No, no… I just wanted to know how Kyle was?" Aiysha knew that Calista was intimate with him so she would know the answer to her questions.

"Kyle has been discharged so that is great news," Calista said with a sigh but she knew that the information she sought could be gotten from this woman.

Calista was surprised that Jones could bag a woman who looked this good because appearance-wise, she was out of his league but wasn't naive to the point that she thought looks were the only thing that determined the league.

There had to be other features that made him stand out from her potential suitors or was he the nice guy that waited at the end of the line?

"That is great news! I was a bit worried, I couldn't believe that something terrible happened to him. It is scary!" Aiysha pointed out.

Calista always responded with a cold and indifferent tone when speaking to Aiysha but they both had something in common right now which was Kyle.

They were both concerned about Kyle for the first time since their interaction. Calista's cold demeanour changed the moment the topic became about Kyle.

She was more responsive but also wondered what her relationship with him was.

Calista was doubting everything she knew about Kyle even though he never told her that she was the only woman.

He hadn't lied and there was no title to their relationship which she was fine with but this made her scared that she was on the verge of losing him.

"I'm so glad he has such a caring girlfriend," Aiysha muttered and this was when the world froze as Calista retraced the words that had left her lips.

"Girlfriend? Kyle said that?" Calista questioned but the last conversation that she had with him regarding this, he didn't deny it so she came to this conclusion herself.

Aiysha realized what she had done and how she could impact their relationship if they hadn't talked.

The last thing she wanted was to be on Kyle's bad side and this was why she quickly cleared her throat.

"He didn't say that, forget I said anything," Aiysha said before excusing herself.

Calista's mind went blank, she knew that this woman had said something she wasn't supposed to say but there was no doubt that what she said must be true.

This conveniently made her forget she was about to see who was inside his apartment.

Calista was eager to see him and this was the sole reason she left the building immediately.

Conveniently, she saw a few workers outside the apartment so what Kyle said must be true.

-

Kyle sighed, he thanked Nate for his assistance before hopping into his car and driving off, he was headed to Calista's place.

He had all the money in the world yet it was women that were stressing him out.

Kyle knew he had to take his security seriously because he was going to be meeting a lot more dangerous people.

This was the world he was stepping into, be it artists getting shot at or robbed, even downright murdered.

Kyle knew the entertainment industry was dangerous and Mike or rather, Clarence, showed him that he was incapable of defending himself.

He drove at full speed but was maintaining the speed limit, the last thing he needed was breaking the law.

But at this rate, he was bound to arrive there faster than Calista despite her having less distance to cover.

She wasn't as skilled a driver as him and there was no way she would want to damage her new car.

Kyle arrived there and parked the car, he didn't come out of it as he observed the environment.

This was the first time he got a good look at her neighborhood and it was a peaceful one but it was surprising that someone was yet to steal the car.

If they could, they would be set for life however these thoughts were a product of his boredom.

Kyle saw her pulling up in the driveway approximately ten minutes later.

Kyle was beginning to wonder if he overdid it with this purchase because it didn't fit in this neighbourhood.

He watched how she straightened her clothes the moment she got out of the car before taking a deep breath. Calista was having second thoughts and Kyle could see it.

"She's nervous?" Kyle thought to himself but he wondered why, she had no reason to be.

"Did she see something?" Kyle muttered to himself, Calista looked around and saw that Kyle was nowhere to be seen. There was a chance that she saw Jane and judging from what he was seeing, she was trying to prepare herself for an uncomfortable conversation.

He might have taken an Uber to keep a low profile but her eyes soon caught his car parked some distance away.

Calista waved with a broad smile on her face, she couldn't believe that he had come here.

She didn't wait for Kyle to exit his car before crossing the road to meet him.

"Hi!" Calista was excited and full of energy, a far cry from the energy he got from her over the phone. She was dull but more so, it sounded like she had something on her mind.

Something happened but now wasn't the time to ask what had changed.

Calista wrapped her arms around him before placing a wet kiss on his lips.

"Someone is excited to see me," Kyle muttered the second her lips left his.

"I came to your house, what do you think?" Calista giggled.

"You have a point. Do you want to go inside or would you rather put on a show for all to see?" Kyle asked.

"I wouldn't have minded a show but you see, I don't like sharing what I have so publicly," Calista whispered in his ear before slightly biting on his earlobe.

"Hooo? Is that so?" Kyle questioned with a smirk across his face before being led to Calista's home by the hand.

-

"Yuki, how is the movie production coming along?" Nakamura questioned with a Cuban cigar between his thin lips.

"It is 95% complete, sir," Yuki responded with an iPad in hand, she had taken notes within it because this was the digital age.

There was no point for a clipboard to be used as it was outdated and it was severely limited.

"That is great news! This should improve Distort stock no doubt but I want you to keep tabs on that man," Nakamura pointed out.

"Who may that be, sir?" Yuki questioned. Nakamura met a lot of people within the last couple of days so this was vague.

"Kyle," Nakamura said but Yuki was surprised that he had taken an interest in him.

Sure he was rich but Nakamura has met men with people far more important than Kyle.

But she wasn't being paid to ask questions and this was why she accepted to do as she was told. It was the sole reason she was here.

"Very well sir," Yuki responded, typing her new task on her iPad.

Kyle's nightclub didn't go unnoticed and Nakamura understood he needed to have some serious financial backing to move that fast.

And that was what he wanted to figure out, if Kyle was truly self-made or if there were forces more powerful than himself backing him?

Nakamura was a businessman and knew he had to have a measurement of those he worked with.

Kyle was looking like he was going to be a long-term partner but Nakamura couldn't afford to be blind-sided because this would be the gateway into the big stage.

There was no way that Kyle wouldn't profit from this fame and Nakamura needed to have him under control as fame could ruin the best of people.

Yuki left the room, leaving Nakamura alone in his office, he picked up his phone and called an unsaved number. It was memorized but the fact that it wasn't saved was rather strange; it also showed that Nakamura didn't want just anyone to know of his communication with this individual.

"Hello?" Nakamura greeted and the conversation went on for a few minutes before Nakamura hung up with a satisfied grin across his face.

"Who are you, Kyle?" Nakamura muttered under his breath, he was researching Kyle thoroughly and the deeper he went, the less it made sense.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 146 - 146: Jane Or Calista.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle hopped from one house to another like a call boy, but he didn't mind because it was a great way to pass the time.

Kyle understood that he would soon not have this much time on his hands so it was best to feed them as much attention as he could for the time being.

Calista sat him on the couch but Kyle could smell the sweat off her delicate skin.

"Take off your shirt," Calista instructed him in a soft voice and Kyle had no reason to object.

He took off his shirt and Calista's eyes were focused on the wound on his torso.

"Does it hurt?" Calista questioned.

"No, not anymore," Kyle responded, feeling her cold fingers run along the edges.

"Are you sure?" Calista asked once again. She knew that the wound might be healing, but it hadn't yet.

There was no way that it wouldn't sting but Kyle was maintaining a brave face.

"You're safe now…" Calista whispered before mounting him.

Kyle could tell she was being gentle for his sake, a gesture he appreciated because it showed she could think about people other than herself.

"I am?" Kyle questioned and all Calista did was bury his head in her chest.

"You don't need to say anything if you don't want to," Calista reassured him.

Kyle initially thought she was trying to initiate sex but found out she wanted to comfort him.

She knew that it mustn't have been easy and Kyle wrapped his arms around her lower waist, dragging her even closer.

"Thank you, Calista," Kyle showed his appreciation without realizing, he had established a deeper emotional connection with Calista or would it be safe to say that this was one-sided?

She wanted to remind him that she could play roles that his potential 'partners' couldn't.

-

Jane was restless, she didn't know what to do with her time but something told her to snoop around his house even though she knew it wasn't a good thing to do.

It was one of those intrusive thoughts that sat in her mind.

"I wonder why he left me here, does he trust me that much? What if he asks me to move in with him?" Jane thought about this possibility and her cheeks flushed red.

"Hyaaa~"

Jane couldn't contain her excitement but if Kyle asked her, she wondered if she would say yes.

She liked Ella's company a lot but this was Kyle.

Not only was she in love with him but he was the man she wished to build her future with.

Jane knew that Ella would understand if she did decide to move out but she wouldn't be able to watch over her anymore.

That was something that she wasn't comfortable with because Jane didn't trust Ella to take care of herself.

Or rather, she needed to believe that Ella felt useful to her friend.

Kyle helped Ella find a purpose in life, the closer she got to her ambition the greater the potential fall.

Jane knew she had to be there should something like this happen because the industry was a brutal one.

Be it cyberbullying or the rapid increase in suicide rates and with Ella being a former addict, there was no telling how far she would fall.

Jane began to look around and realized that Kyle didn't have much in his apartment but that was to be expected.

He was a bachelor and this place could use a woman's touch.

Jane thought that Ella not attending her parents' funeral would impact her negatively but she didn't look to be affected by it.

Jane was still feeling faint pains between her legs but she thought it would hurt a lot more.

It was because Kyle was not only gentle but he made sure she was wet enough to receive him.

Jane went to the bathroom and saw that he had little to no hair products, how did he manage to look so good if he didn't even have the products to maintain it?

Jane sighed but she found it strange that he didn't have a single picture of himself in the house.

"I wonder what he does all day here?" Jane thought but her question was answered with a single glance at the gaming console.

"Well, that explains it," Jane thought to herself. She began to clean and tidy his house, she wasn't comfortable staying there and doing absolutely nothing.

This included sweeping and mopping the ground with a broad smile on her face.

This was what one would call an act of service and Jane found joy in doing this.

However, she soon discovered something she wished she hadn't and that was a piece of eyelash beneath his bed.

She didn't know how it got there or how long it had been there but it belonged to a woman, that much she was certain.

Jane recoiled at the sight of it, her heart sinking in the process because, for the first time, she entertained the thought of Kyle seeing other women.

But knowing she was prone to overthinking, she took a picture of it and shot Ella a message with the image attached to it.

It didn't even take up to a minute for Ella to call her because she had no idea what she was looking at. The moment Jane picked up, Ella began the conversation with an exhausted sigh.

[[What now?]]

"This is an eyelash or do I need to change my glasses?" Jane questioned, she wanted Ella to confirm what she suspected.

[[They do look like eyelashes but didn't you both just become a thing?]] Ella questioned.

She wanted Jane to understand that just because she wasn't seeing anyone when talking to him didn't mean Kyle was doing the same.

This was a common practice as there was nothing wrong with this if Kyle did indeed link with other women when he was speaking to Jane.

However, the lashes looked old so there was no telling when it was and this was why Ella chose the safer approach to help control her friend's overthinking.

[[That could have been before you even met.]] Ella presented that possibility

"I didn't even consider that…" Jane confessed as a loud silence soon followed.

[[You mean you called to complain about lashes without considering it could have been before you even entered his life?]] Ella didn't know what else to say.

"Well, technically, you're the one that called me," Jane said but a beeping sounded.

"Hello? She hung up? I deserve that," Jane muttered to herself with an embarrassed smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 147 - 147: Harem Dilemma?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle spent an hour with Calista, but it wasn't anything sexual. Calista was proving to be quite the reliable crutch, but unfortunately for her, she had already made a bad first impression.

That was who she truly was; whatever version she was showing Kyle right now was because he had demonstrated the ability to take care of her.

He had also shown that he wasn't scared to spend money, so which woman in her right mind wouldn't want to secure such a person?

Kyle rested his head on her lap as she ran her fingers through his hair.

But for some reason, Kyle's body wasn't at ease, unlike when he was with Jane.

He was on alert, as if perceiving danger, despite knowing that Calista was no threat to him.

Maybe he needed a distraction?

"Say, how is the movie going? Are you killing your role as Rachel?" Kyle asked.

"Well, I hope I'm doing well. Lucas is a pain in the ass, but something tells me he'll be on his best behavior now," Calista chuckled.

"A pain?" Kyle asked, and Calista realized she hadn't kept him up to date since they rarely had time for themselves.

She told him everything, including the scenes Lucas tried to add, and for some reason, this rubbed Kyle the wrong way.

It was clear he was taking advantage of his position, and if he could do this to Calista, there was a high chance he'd do it to other talents.

This was something Kyle couldn't have, because not everyone would be as brave as Calista.

Of course, Kyle couldn't let her know what was going through his mind.

"That sounds like a terrible person. It's like he's trying to act out his fantasy through the movie. I'm glad you stood up for yourself," Kyle pointed out.

He knew that Calista had no problem being tough; he'd been on the receiving end after all.

"So she wants to become a serious actress…" Kyle thought to himself, almost laughing at the ridiculous notion.

"He is, but that's how people are. They'll always abuse the little power they have," Calista dismissed.

That was exactly what she had done to Kyle, but was it because she was used to being stepped on, and this was the only way she could retain some sort of power?

Not that it mattered to Kyle; he knew that Calista might have done that as a defense mechanism, but there was no doubt she had ruined lives doing this same thing.

Not everyone had a system to bail them out, so what if she was responsible for the consequences of what followed afterward?

"You know what I think we should do after you finish with the movie?" Kyle asked.

"What?" Calista questioned, eager to hear what he had in store for them.

"I was thinking we should go on a little trip—somewhere far away from here," Kyle suggested.

He had never been anywhere, and now he had the means to visit other countries.

Why not take the opportunity to remind Calista of the standard of life he could provide? But that was one of two reasons he was taking her there.

The main reason was that he planned to break the news to her that she was one of multiple women he was seeing.

If she took this news poorly, there was nothing she could do about it, as she had no way of leaving the country; ghosting wasn't an option.

Kyle also wanted to see how much it would affect her feelings, as the holiday should make up for the disappointment.

He expected it to decrease, but not by much. Kyle watched as her face lit up at the news.

"Now you're getting my hopes up!" Calista blurted out.

"I'm serious. I believe in sharing your beauty with the world, and that can only be done if I take you around the world," Kyle complimented her, showing his superior wit once again.

"Staawp~" Calista couldn't contain her smile, thinking back to when she was worried a few hours ago when there was clearly nothing to be scared of.

She just needed reassurance and didn't know how to ask without coming off as clingy, so this trapped her in her head.

She wouldn't have cared if it were any other man from her past, but Kyle had raised the standard.

Unlike the men from her past who knew they were lucky to have her, Kyle made it feel like he was the lucky one—and that was the case.

This was a man she could let lead her because he presented himself as such, and now he was about to take her on a holiday overseas.

What more could she possibly ask for at this moment when she was already getting everything she wanted?

Either way, Calista was oblivious to what Kyle had in store for her.

Meanwhile, Jane was enjoying herself in his apartment. She finished cleaning and went to take a shower.

She hadn't brought her own soap since she hadn't planned on spending the night. It was impromptu, so she used the bar of soap hanging in the shower, which belonged to Kyle.

"So old-school…" she murmured to herself, as most people usually used body wash or shampoo.

She found this cute—it felt like Kyle was an old man just entering society.

Jane recalled how he looked the first time they met. He was so damn adorable.

Thanks to the ongoing renovations of the building, the water didn't stop halfway through her shower.

Jane walked out of the bathroom but had no change of clothes.

However, from the corner of her eye, she saw a note on one of the bathroom cabinets, which she must have missed since she didn't clean the toilet (it was already clean).

[[My home is your home…]] was all it said, and Jane heaved a loud sigh of relief.

This gave her consent, and the first thing she did was wear his clothes.

It was something she had always dreamed of, and the comfort it provided brought a smile to her face.

"Should I take a picture and send it to him?" Jane wondered, but what if he didn't like it?

She instantly thought about asking Ella but recalled their last conversation, which only brought a smile to her face.

Jane was realizing how lucky she was to have two amazing people in her life, as most people didn't even have one.

She gave Ella a call, not minding how she would react because this was why they were best friends.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 148 - 148: Take Your Man To Work Day.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was done with Calista, but that was mostly because she wanted to return to work. However, she proposed something she had never done before: asking him to follow her to work

"Are you sure you want me at your job?" Kyle questioned, and Calista nodded with a broad smile.

"Do we use my car or yours?" Kyle asked, though it wasn't that important.

"Um, how about we use mine?" Calista responded, realizing she had never driven him.

"Then what happens when I want to go home?" Kyle asked. It wouldn't make sense to leave his car there, as he would have to return to retrieve it, and that already sounded stressful.

"I think I'll use mine. Maybe some other time," Kyle responded, patting her head as he walked past her.

"That's fine," Calista said, not thinking much about it. And they were off.

This was a good opportunity for Kyle to get a feel for her workplace and her colleagues. It didn't take long for them to arrive at the location. Kyle parked right beside her.

He could tell Calista was excited, but that was to be expected—it was beginning to feel like a real relationship. She wanted people to know Kyle because, in a way, it would be like she was introducing him to her circle. "Bring your boyfriend to work" day, though she wasn't sure how Kyle would respond. She didn't want to overwhelm him but also knew he could use the distraction, given everything going on in his life.

This was within her power, and she was going to do everything she could to help him get through it.

"Wow, this place is much bigger than I thought it would be," Kyle said, not hiding his surprise.

This must be the place where the magic happened, and Kyle knew that with the budget, he should have expected nothing less. Kyle planned to use the premiere of the movie to make some important connections, as there was no doubt some of Hollywood's biggest names would be there to show their support—the hype this movie had generated on social media exceeded his expectations.

Kyle was glad he got involved. It was a lucky connection, but he had only done it because of Calista, not because he wanted to invest in the project itself. Calista was beginning to look like a blessing in disguise, even though she could be difficult at times.

Kyle noticed that all eyes were on them but was aware enough to know that there might be unwanted cameras around, especially since Calista's followers had doubled ever since she was announced as part of the cast. She had been posting a lot more on social media, with pictures on set.

Kyle wasn't aware of this because he wasn't active on social media and didn't care enough to keep tabs on what Calista posted. However, he knew about the attention it was getting because Isabella kept him updated with anything surrounding the movie.

Just as he expected, there were a few people at the gate with cameras, but Kyle was not in Calista's car. He dodged a bullet—rumors could easily start, even though this would certainly leave a digital footprint. One of these pictures would likely end up online, but it would be difficult to identify him since he had positioned his face away from the cameras.

Once they were past the gate, they didn't need to worry about any cameras.

The truth was, Calista wanted Kyle in her car so that the cameras would catch them together. There was no doubt it would make it online, and if he was truly seeing any other woman, they would be aware of Calista's presence, which would likely make her insecure, especially with his good looks.

However, Calista's plan didn't pan out. Kyle didn't see through it, but he thought it was more of a hassle to come back for his car. If he had come by Uber, it would have made her plan a success, but it was worth a try regardless.

Kyle saw the production unit, and no one knew who he was. They treated him like an average Joe.

"Is this where all the money is being shot?" Kyle asked, confused. He had expected them to shoot in other locations unless they planned to use CGI, which wouldn't make sense for the genre.

"We've taken shots in other locations, but this has a fantasy component, so we shoot some of it here," Calista explained.

"Oh, I see. That would explain all the fancy equipment," Kyle pointed out.

He understood that things wouldn't always go his way, but this wasn't one of those situations.

Calista nodded to confirm as she continued to show him around, though it received mixed reactions. This was her workplace after all, so there was no reason for her to be overly casual about it, regardless of her relationship with the person being shown around.

Kyle didn't have any problems with it and knew that it was one of those things that were entirely subjective. The ladies around admired his looks—he was attractive and intentional about his appearance, something he didn't take for granted.

But Kyle came here for one more thing.

"Hey, where is this Lucas who's been bothering you?" Kyle asked Calista.

Calista thought he wanted to put a face to the name, so she quickly darted her head around, but he was nowhere in sight.

"That's strange. He's always outside at this time. Maybe he's in his office," Calista said.

"Take me there," Kyle responded without missing a beat. Calista thought he was joking, but when she looked at him, she realized he wasn't.

Kyle wasn't joking, but Calista also knew that if she took him, things could escalate, causing problems for her. It was like having a teacher stand up to a bully for you, only to make the bullying worse.

"But babe, I've handled it," Calista tried to brush it off.

"Calista…" Kyle called, pausing to draw her in.

"Please, don't make me repeat myself," he said. His voice sounded threatening, and she instantly knew that making Kyle mad was the dumbest thing to do, especially after the blissful conversation they'd just had.

"O-Okay…" Calista stammered, taking a huge gulp.

There was something about Kyle's presence that made her just want to obey. She knew disobeying wasn't worth the trouble.

She led him down the hallway, and the assistant at the small desk intervened.

"Excuse me, can I help you, sir?" the assistant asked, shooting Calista a dirty look.

"Hey, Calista, you can return… I'll handle it from here," Kyle instructed her. Calista didn't know why, but her heart was pounding.

A man who knew how to take charge and put her in her place was something she hadn't experienced until she met Kyle.

"Okay…" Calista replied, but as soon as she turned around, Kyle smacked her behind, causing her to bite her lower lip.

"Don't worry, I won't be long," Kyle said, and the assistant couldn't believe the audacity of this man to do something so crude in front of her.

"Now you…" Kyle said, the grin fading from his face.

"Mister Lucas is busy and cannot see anyone right now," the assistant said, but Kyle's attention was fixed on the door ahead.

"Do you plan on stopping me?" Kyle questioned. The assistant had a plain look on her face, but Kyle didn't find her attractive, even though he understood if someone else did.

"I'll call security," she threatened, but Kyle sighed the moment he heard this.

"Go ahead, then. Call them," Kyle responded without hesitation.

Kyle called her bluff. If she called security, there was nothing they could do.

Kyle walked toward the door. The lady tried to stand in front of him, but like a recurring migraine, a flash of Clarence's lifeless body flashed through Kyle's mind, causing him to recoil slightly.

The assistant noticed this but offered no help. He was a trespasser, and that was why she rushed to her desk. There was no way she could stop him physically, and that was why they had security. It was time for them to earn their keep.

Kyle made it to the door, wondering what that flash was. It was the first time something like that had happened since the incident. He didn't know why it happened, but it couldn't be serious, though his heart rate had increased.

He opened the door and saw Lucas Rossini. He looked exactly as Kyle had imagined. Lucas didn't even look up, assuming it was Calista because he'd heard his assistant's voice.

"Not now, Calista," Lucas said, typing away at his laptop.

"Lucas Rossini, is it?" Kyle asked. Lucas's head shot up in urgency because he didn't recognize the voice.

"How did you get in here? Who are you?" Lucas asked, getting to his feet. But Kyle wasn't bothered by his antics.

Kyle sat down, threw his legs across the table, and sighed at Lucas's overreaction.

"Are you scared?" Kyle asked, his voice carrying disappointment.

"There's nothing to be afraid of… yet," Kyle added, gesturing for Lucas to sit.

Lucas hesitated, cleared his throat, and did as he was told.

"What do you want?" Lucas asked, though it was a delay tactic. He was waiting for security to show up and throw Kyle out—but unbeknownst to him, Kyle was waiting for the same thing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 149 - 149: Kyle Meets Lucas.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle wasn't intimidated by the man before him because he could have him fired with a single call.

Kyle held that power and the man before him had no idea who he was talking to either but there was no doubt that his tone would change the moment he did.

There was no fun in that and Kyle didn't want to introduce himself just yet because he wanted to see what kind of man Lucas was.

"Say Lucas, what do you do when you aren't here?" Kyle questioned, looking around his office.

He could faintly whiff of the lady who tried to stop him.

It was coming from the desk in front of him and Kyle understood that the woman he had seen was placed across this table.

"Apart from fucking your assistant that is," Kyle pointed out and Lucas recoiled from this information.

"What are you talking about?" Lucas tried to feign ignorance but Kyle only smiled.

"It is fine. I can't blame nor am I judging you," Kyle pointed out.

But before the conversation could proceed, security rushed into the room and tried to reach Kyle.

"I see. I can't blame you all because you're only doing your job, but what if you no longer have a job?" Kyle suggested, which caused them to doubt themselves and stop themselves from grabbing him.

"That is good, I know you're all wondering who I am so how about I introduce myself? I go by the name Kyle and am the owner of JPD Agency. That makes me your superior," Kyle muttered and everyone's body language immediately stiffened.

"Hahaha! Don't worry, no one is in trouble," Kyle laughed it off because he had the power to sack everyone in this room.

The security men immediately backed away and glared at the woman who brought them there.

They could tell by her eyes that she didn't know who he was but she was the one that dragged them into this mess.

She should have asked better questions before calling them.

"I didn't know who you were," Lucas quickly said before glaring at his assistant as she scurried away with the security.

"Now, we can talk," Kyle said but Lucas had no idea how someone this important came here with no prior notice.

He knew the name despite it not being in the public but Lucas was surprised just like everyone else that someone this young owned that Agency.

Lucas did a good job holding his frame but Kyle knew he was a man with no sexual discipline.

Mike had taught him one thing, he couldn't take it easy when it came to men trying to take advantage of his women in any way whatsoever.

"What can I do for you? Have you come to inquire about the progress of the movie?" Lucas clasping his laptop shut and giving Kyle his full attention.

"I know about the progress of the movie but what I want to know is why you have made modifications to the scripts without running it through the appropriate channels," Kyle questioned.

"Fuck! She told him!" Lucas thought to himself. He didn't know that Calista knew the owner of the Agency.

How the fuck did she know him. Lucas knew he had to save face in this situation or he could lose his job.

"I thought it was what's best for the movie," Lucas responded, he didn't let his panic reflect on his face.

"You thought it was a smart thing to parade an actress signed to my agency like some sort of pornstar? Are you perhaps, retarded?" Kyle asked and this question took him by surprise.

"Excuse me?" Lucas responded with a raised brow but Kyle sighed at his ignorance.

"If you make me repeat myself, you will lose your job but not only that, I will make sure you never get one again. That is after I ruin your finances with the large lawsuit I plan to place on you. So… Are you still hard of hearing?" This was the calmest threat that Lucas had heard in his entire life.

He didn't know why Kyle was this intimidating, he was just a young man so what was this pressure? The look in his eyes, he wasn't bluffing.

Lucas cleared his throat and responded, he knew this wasn't the time to uphold his ego.

"I didn't think it through, I apologize for my arrogance," Lucas apologized but Kyle wasn't here to humiliate him.

That wasn't his intention but the audacity he had to want to attempt that, Kyle knew he had to give him a reality check because he had clearly forgotten his place.

"See? That wasn't so hard, was it?" Kyle responded, finally taking his feet off the table.

He was sure that with this, Lucas wouldn't attempt to do what he tried with Calista with any of the potential actresses he would work with from the JPD agency.

This wasn't just about Calista but setting firm boundaries even though there were multiple ways he could get this done without coming here personally.

But Kyle wanted to see the man for himself, the man who dared to tell Calista to get naked on camera.

And that was the end of their little interaction.

-

Calista was surprised that the security returned to their posts without retrieving him.

But she could also see the fear in their eyes like they feared for their job.

She had no idea what was going on but understood that this wasn't normal behaviour.

And if Kyle wasn't here yet then he had managed to get Lucas' attention; something she didn't think would happen.

It took a few solid minutes for Kyle to step out with Lucas accompanying him.

This was the first time she saw Lucas give anyone this much attention but why did he look so small compared to Kyle?

It was almost like he shrunk himself but this was a subconscious thing because Lucas was walking with a superior and there was no way he was going to walk with his chest out. This was why his body took on a submissive stance– something Lucas wasn't even aware of.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 150 - 150: A Breakthrough.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ella was worried about her love life and began to wonder if she would ever find a man as kind as Kyle. It wasn't like they were retrieving wealthy men from a store.

Jane struck gold and Ella found herself wanting a man just like Kyle.

The fact that Kyle was yet to hit on her was proof of his commitment to her friend.

She never caught him looking at her either but did she deserve such bliss?

Ella was aware that Jane attracted that kind of man because of how pure her soul was even though Clarence was lurking around for a piece.

She attracted an angel and a devil but in this case, the angel was the one who won.

Ella was beginning to think that Kyle was too good to be true, there was no way that Kyle was without flaws even though she hadn't seen it herself.

But Ella recalled their conversation about him seeing other people and how he brushed it aside.

He didn't answer but also gave nothing away so she couldn't read him.

Ella hoped in her soul that he wasn't, she had spoken to Jane a couple of minutes ago about sending him pictures.

Ella asked what kind of pictures but Jane never told her as she was too embarrassed to reveal them.

The fact that Jane was willing to go this far told her that they must have taken that step already.

"Jane, I hope you know what you're doing," Ella muttered under her breath, aware that she was the kind of girl to put all her eggs in a single basket.

She gave it her all but something told Ella that Kyle was hiding something.

He hadn't explained how he found Jane when the police couldn't and more so, how he was able to kill Clarence who was no stranger to murder.

There was no way that he should be able to catch him off guard or even overpower him.

However, Jane didn't tell her the full details and this included the attempted sexual assault.

Kyle saved her life, that was what should have mattered but what if he was a greater evil?

This was a thought that she pushed to the back of her mind.

There was no doubt that this would have adverse effects but she understood that it was one of those things that could very well be a product of her imagination.

He was her ideal man so her subconscious was trying its hardest to disqualify him otherwise this might cause problems in the future.

She arrived at the JPD Agency because Isabella had summoned her.

Ella didn't know what for as they already paid her for her performance in the nightclub.

An impressive $20,000. That was more than anything they had made as the band shared the money amongst themselves.

It was a positive showing for a few hours worth of work, they finally could see a future with the band.

Passion was good but it didn't pay the bills and that was a reality the other members were slowly accepting.

However, Ella refused to give up because this was the only thing she had, the only thing she loved.

It was how she coped with life.

She walked into Isabella's office and she couldn't understand how a lady could have such a powerful aura.

"Ella, wonderful performance once again. I didn't know if this could work but after your performance, I have gotten inquiries about your service," Isabella got right to it, gesturing for her to sit.

Ella gulped, this was all surreal and she couldn't believe that it was happening.

"Thank you for giving me a chance. My service?" Ella questioned, she needed more clarity on what she meant by this.

"Yes! Your service, I have gotten requests to ask about how much it was to book you," Isabella said, pausing as if she were waiting for Ella to give her an answer.

"My rates? It is usually $4,00-!" Ella was cut short by Isabella, who spoke over.

"I told them it is $100,000. That is the value of your service," Isabella jotted something down on a piece of paper.

" $100,000?! What the fuck!?" Ella thought to herself despite this reaction not reflecting on her face.

She couldn't believe that her services were going that high.

But who was going to pay? There was no way anyone would be willing to pay that much for a couple of newbies to perform because they weren't even paid that much for the nightclub.

"Here…" Isabella slid the paper she was jotting on moments ago.

Ella looked down and realized it was a check for $150,000, looking up at Isabella in confusion.

"That is the fee for your service at the club," Isabella informed her. In truth, this wasn't how they planned to pay every artist under them but Ella was their first so she was getting that full attention.

She was going to be the person to introduce this service to the world and the potential she had shown so far told Isabella that she was the real deal.

Ella didn't know what to say, she thought the $20,000 was her payment but she was wrong.

Ella tried her best to hide her shock but the tears that streamed down her cheeks had other plans.

She couldn't believe this because this was life-changing money.

The fact that Kyle had little to do with the amount paid showed that Isabella was impressed by her performance to this extent.

And with Ella in the spotlight, there was a chance that others would try to steal her and it wouldn't be a good look for JPD if they lost their artists so easily.

They had to make sure she was comfortable to stop this from happening.

Isabella didn't say a word because she understood how this situation could be emotional.

It wasn't easy trying to make a living in these parts, she would know as she was nearly a victim.

Isabella nearly lost it all, it was Kyle who saved her dream.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 151 - 151: A Donation.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle stayed for a couple of minutes, Calista wanted to know what he discussed with Lucas but Kyle brushed it off, claiming it wasn't important.

Kyle hopped in his car and drove past the gate but this time, a photographer caught the perfect picture.

Kyle knew that this meant nothing, there were so many explanations for why he could be here.

But that was if it would even be posted on the internet as nothing was exciting about the picture.

Kyle made sure that the people in the studio saw his face, he wanted them to know that this piece of ass belonged to him.

Even though Calista was doing a decent job setting up these boundaries herself.

Kyle left the studio with Calista feeling satisfied however Lucas could no longer look her in the eye.

She couldn't explain it but it turned her on so much that Kyle could make such a man submit within minutes.

This should teach him a lesson about boundaries, she wasn't some piece of meat for anyone to consume but Kyle.

-

"What a day," Kyle muttered under his breath. He realized that he needed to start making serious moves by arranging meetings with high-profile individuals, but despite having the money, he was a nobody.

No one would take him seriously without any accomplishment.

He would be just a brat with a lot of money.

Kyle didn't know when he found himself in a car dealership, it was the same shop he visited with Calista.

The man who sold him that car recognized his ride and immediately dashed towards Kyle like a vulture circling its prey.

"Welcome back sir!" The man greeted him with a smile. Kyle noticed that he was drenched in sweat. Didn't these people have some shade they could stand under or was he a try-hard?

It was true that he was more likely to beat his colleagues to the punch if he hovered outside, which was proven to be true as Kyle fell into his laps once again.

The man had a taste of his financial capabilities and was already showing him some of the newer models.

"Sir, right this way! The new Tesla just arrived and I think it suits a man of your calibre!" The man began his marketing right away with no time to waste.

"Tesla? You truly are a hustler," Kyle chuckled, appreciating the man's enthusiasm.

This was one of the few things that people possessed in this occupation because Kyle could tell with a single look that this man did enjoy winning over customers.

This told him one of two things, it was either he was linked somehow to the business or wished to climb the corporate ladder at some point.

"Tell me, what do you think would suit a police officer?" Kyle questioned and the man raised a brow upon hearing this.

The default cars of police officers were nowhere near luxurious but they were sturdy with excellent durability which was ideal considering their line of work.

"That would be a Ford Police interceptor…" The man responded, lowering the hand that was pointed at the Tesla.

He didn't look disappointed because they have been trying to sell the older models as well but no one seemed interested in them.

If he could make this sale, there was no way it would go unnoticed.

He directed Kyle to where the cars were kept, it was out of sight and this told Kyle that it wasn't something they wished to put on display which usually happens when something isn't in demand.

"This is our newer model, it goes for $50,000 but with our special discou-!" Once again, Kyle stopped the man.

He didn't need any discount because he could pay in full.

"I will take 10," Kyle said sternly and the man's jaw dropped.

"What the hell is wrong with this guy!?" The man thought to himself because this would put him above his yearly quota.

He had to do the maths quickly and it came to $500,000. How could this man cough up this sum casually?

He found himself curiously wanting to ask what Kyle does for a living.

But who was he to judge, as long as he was spending his money here and filling his quota, he could be the reincarnation of Pablo Escobar for all he cared.

He didn't hesitate to take Kyle to where he could pay for it.

It took less than five minutes for Kyle to not only sign the necessary documents but make payment for them.

Kyle was still a billionaire and this was chicken change to him even though he wasn't oblivious to the fact that this was a lot of money.

Kyle didn't register it under himself but the police department, he was going to give it as a donation.

"Um, can you help me take it to the LAPD but do not disclose my name or identity," Kyle told him, slapping $10,000 to carry out this task as payment.

The man's jaw dropped because he would have done this without being paid but once again, Kyle wanted everything to go perfectly and money was a strong motivating factor.

Few people said no to money but this man wasn't one of them.

The funny thing was Kyle found himself here, it wasn't on his agenda when he stepped into the car.

It was a last-second thought and there was no way that this wouldn't put a smile on the LAPDs face.

But he was also aware that Priscilla and Oliver would know who it was that sent this to them.

That was the most important thing and this facade of remaining anonymous would give the illusion of being humble despite it being a calculated move.

Kyle was content with what he had done and this was his queue to leave the area.

The man was left speechless, wondering if Kyle would come in one day and buy him a car too.

That was a far-fetched dream but a man was allowed to dream, wasn't he?

-

It took only a few hours from the time of purchase for the cars to arrive.

The police officers there were confused because it wouldn't make sense for an anonymous donation to come in.

There would be no way of showing their gratitude but this was welcomed considering some of the cars could use an upgrade.

These were the latest models so it superseded the current set of vehicles that they had.

The cars were assigned to some of the better officers but Priscilla and Oliver had earned their right to be considered not only because the car they operated in was about to kick the bucket but the case that they recently solved.

Oliver took credit alongside Priscilla despite Priscilla doing most of the work, she didn't mind this as she too had done so in the past.

"Do you think it is him?" Oliver asked her, staring at the car in the driveway.

"I'm certain it is but why…" Priscilla muttered under her breath.

Oliver rolled his eyes in annoyance, Priscilla perceived this and just sighed.

"Sorry, I can't help it," Priscilla quickly discarded the earlier sentence.

"It is fine. Sometimes, good things happen to good people…" Oliver responded with a hand on her back.

"I know it is hard to believe but you're a good person," Oliver concluded but his words didn't move her one bit.

"Do we have to thank him?" Priscilla questioned, ignoring everything that the older man just said.

"I mean, isn't the point of anonymity to remain unknown? Besides, it would be embarrassing if it ended up not being him," Oliver didn't take her earlier snub to heart because he had been partners with her long enough to know this was her personality and also the reason she was single.

Of course, he dared not say this because Priscilla was anything but feminine.

"You do have a point there, chubby," Priscilla responded but Oliver had given up at this point.

He tried his best to dissuade her from calling him these nicknames but she wasn't going to listen.

There was one thing that Oliver couldn't deny and that was her being an incredible police officer.

He couldn't take that away from her regardless of how hard he tried.

-

Calista was done with the set for the day and she noticed that Lucas returned the script to its original state.

There were no modifications because Kyle had established himself as someone he didn't want to mess with. He would never have guessed that was the owner of JPD Agency.

The last thing he would want was to be barred from working with talents from the Agency as that would essentially mean he loses his chance to keep working for Distort.

He has been involved in multiple controversial cases and this affected the kind of work he could get.

No mainstream media house wanted to work with him or it risked sullying their reputation.

This was one thing he couldn't escape and Distort took a chance on him and his reputation was slowly returning to what it once was.

But Lucas got ahead of himself, he couldn't risk another scandal or there would be no saving his career.

Calista noticed that he was carrying himself like his feet were heavy but felt no sympathy or empathy towards him.

If anything, this sight warmed her heart because it showed that Kyle had the power to make those who mess with her pay and that turned her on.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 152 - 152: An Unexpected Caller.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Everything was clicking into place and Kyle came home to a clean home alongside cooked food.

He couldn't contain his smile but was more surprised that Jane went out of her way to do this for him.

"Welcome home!" Jane was excited to see him, they were like a married couple.

Jane ran up to him, throwing her arms around him before planting a kiss on his lips.

"You look even more beautiful than I left you. Is this a sign to make this permanent?" Kyle teased, but as usual, Jane took this literally.

She looked to the ground and Kyle already expected this reaction, this was why he said it.

"Relax, I'm just joking," Kyle stroked her hair, pulling her back to look right into her eyes.

"This isn't to say I don't want it but it is too soon," Kyle established a boundary that should define their current situation.

"What kind of business have you been up to today?" Jane questioned, her face was red but she tried her best to change the topic.

"Are you sure you want to hear about my boring day?" Kyle questioned and the energy that Jane nodded felt like she would have a concussion at any moment.

"How about after dinner?" Kyle requested.

"T-That works for me," Jane stuttered.

She ran to the kitchen to prepare the food she had made, laying it on the table for them to eat.

Kyle didn't know if she was a traditional or modern woman but he didn't care as long as she kept acting right.

Kyle was hopeful that the food she made was edible and wouldn't send him to an early grave.

She made rice with some kind of stew, chicken stew?

Kyle couldn't recall having chicken so this meant that she must have left the building to buy it.

That extra step showed she wanted to make an impression with her cooking.

She sat across him but the way her eyes subtly monitored him through her peripheral vision further showed how important this moment was to her.

Kyle smiled inwardly before taking a bite out of the food in front of him.

"WOAH!" Kyle exclaimed, jumping to his feet and startling Jane in the process.

Jane had no idea what was going on but she didn't need to wonder for long as Kyle gave her an answer.

"This food is amazing! Are you sure you made it or do you have Gordon Ramsey hidden somewhere?" Kyle questioned, sitting back down as he stuffed his face.

"Oh my God! Stop it…" Jane couldn't hold in her laughter but Kyle could see the relief on her face. This was why he reacted this way as any other reaction wouldn't do moment justice.

The food was good regardless but his reaction was exaggerated even though Jane was aware.

She didn't care because it showed Kyle was willing to do anything to bring a smile to her face.

"Does he like it that much?" Jane wondered because the way he was eating implied such.

He was so shameless and this was something Jane knew she could never do in his presence even with Ella there.

Kyle finished his food in the space it took Jane to take four spoons and this made her self-conscious because his attention was on her.

"Do you always eat so slowly or you're trying to impress me?" Kyle questioned.

He knew that Jane had a big appetite, there was no way she could have it if she was a slow eater because by the time she finished the food.

It would be cold by the time she finished it and that wasn't ideal if one thought about it.

Kyle already knew that she knew how to eat thanks to the eating competition that they had the other day so this meant that she was holding back.

Kyle didn't feel the need to persuade again, he knew it was only a matter of time before she warmed up to him completely even though he already took her virginity.

He didn't say another word and walked to the kitchen with his plate in hand, aware that Jane would appreciate the privacy granted to her by him.

He was right, he peeked and saw her devouring the food like a dragon bringing a smile to him.

Kyle took care of his dishes, washing them but Jane joined him a few moments later.

"That was fast, it is almost like my presence took away your appetite. Am I that hideous?" Kyle questioned, clearly looking sad.

"N-No! O-Of course not! You're handsome! I didn't mean it like that," Jane was in a panic, explaining herself.

"Wait… Do you think I'm handsome? Are you coming onto me, Jane?" Kyle questioned.

Jane immediately got quiet, her head looking to the floor as she didn't know how to respond to this.

"I-I am…" Jane responded, shocking Kyle. This was the first time she admitted to making a move on him and Kyle couldn't contain his surprise.

"I must say, you have good taste but there is an even better taste…" Kyle said.

He drew her in by the waist before kissing her, slipping his tongue between those beautiful lips of hers.

"... There it is…" Kyle muttered, breaking away from her but Jane's breathing was heavy.

"An even better taste," Kyle concluded and Jane was gushing like a schoolgirl even though she should be used to his compliments by now.

There was nothing that she could do at the moment but smile and that was what she did.

Kyle wanted her but she just lost her virginity so he knew he needed to be gentle with her.

She might want him but there was no doubt she would still be sore, he couldn't rush the process.

She had a taste of sex so her body craved that sensation again but with that new appetite, Kyle knew there was a way he could use it to maximize her desire.

Kyle's hands cupped her buttcheeks in them before he whispered in her ear.

"I could take you right here and now,"

This sent a shudder down her spine, he wanted him to take her but once again, couldn't verbalize her needs.

Kyle just stared at her like his controller disconnected, each second felt like minutes until that felt like hours.

Kyle didn't say a word, he wanted to make her uncomfortable but his phone rang to break this awkward silence.

"Can you get it for me?" Kyle requested but this was tricky considering it could be anyone calling.

There was a good chance that it could be Calista as well so why wasn't Kyle worried about anything?

That was easy, it was because he had everything under control and made it past the point of no return.

Jane helped him get his phone but she stared at it for a few seconds before returning.

"Who is it?" Kyle asked.

"It is a Calista…" Jane responded, Kyle could sense the unease in her voice and an idea popped up in his mind.

He wanted to see if Calista knew her place and this would act as a test to determine that.

"Can you help me answer and tell her I'm busy," Kyle instructed Jane.

To Jane, this was Kyle reassuring her without words but to Kyle, this was him testing to see if Calista not telling Ella was a fluke or if she understood that she was one of multiple women.

Or if she would tell Jane everything if she had the chance? Kyle wasn't about how Jane would react because he knew he could easily shape the narrative with her.

There was no way that she could leave even if she wanted to but this didn't mean Kyle planned to intentionally hurt her.

"Hello?" Jane began the conversation, Kyle watched her body language closely.

"Um, Kyle isn't with his phone right now," Jane responded but she went quiet for a bit presumably listening to Calista speaking on the other end.

"Okay, I will," Jane responded with a puzzled look.

The phone call soon came to an end but Kyle wasn't in a hurry to ask what was discussed.

He just gestured for his phone, which Jane gave him with no hesitation.

"Want to tell me what you ladies talked about?" Kyle asked but Jane was momentarily zoned out before coming back to reality when Kyle snapped his fingers together like she was under hypnosis.

"Um, she said she wanted to know if you got home safely and that she was thankful for today," Jane said but it was clear that Calista didn't say anything that could potentially implicate him.

At that moment, Kyle knew that he had tamed the bitch known as Calista.

She knew not to overstep her boundaries but Kyle could tell that Jane was jealous.

She didn't say it but her body language was all over the place.

"Come here…" Kyle gestured with his hand.

Jane couldn't look him in the eyes as she did.

Kyle placed his hands on her hips and pulled her in.

"Are you jealous?" Kyle questioned with a smirk.

Jane began fiddling her fingers, not knowing what to do with them but she gave no verbal response to his question.

"You have nothing to be jealous of, no one compares to my princess," Kyle said but once again, he didn't tell her she was the only one granting him plausible deniability.

Jane didn't care at the moment because he told her what she wanted to hear and that was evident by the big smile on her face.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 153 - 153: Harem Trouble?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The days bled into one another, and Kyle was living the dream life with Jane. He didn't find his mind wandering, except for thoughts of sex.

Calista did things to him that Jane paled in comparison to. There were certain sexual acts you couldn't do to a girl you saw a future with.

This was one of those moments. Kyle realized that he would never be able to treat Jane like a whore—at least not for now.

She wasn't about that life, and there was no way that would change overnight.

Kyle knew it was possible to shape her into that, but it would take time, and his nuts couldn't wait that long.

It was the day of Cassandra's custody hearing. She was worried and nervous, despite the lawyer reassuring her that things would go well, as such cases tended to be biased toward the mother.

She couldn't shake the thought that her husband had the upper hand. He was never the type to enter something he didn't think he could win.

This was what had her worried. She thought about calling Kyle, but she had already bothered him enough.

He wasn't her man, and their relationship was based on an agreement.

She didn't want to overwhelm him with her problems so early, and she knew that if she did, Kyle would abandon her.

There was nothing she could do if that happened. They weren't bound by any legal documents, even though the money currently in her account could sort out her life for a few years.

"I told you, there's nothing to fear, Miss Cassandra," the female lawyer reassured her. The fact that she was a woman meant that she could relate to this case on a deeper level.

"I can't help it. I'm sorry," Cassandra apologized.

"You have nothing to be sorry about. This will be one of the easiest cases in my career," the lawyer downplayed the difficulty to reassure her, but Cassandra was lost in her thoughts.

The chances of losing custody were slim, but they weren't zero.

That was what frightened her. And there he was, her husband, walking through the hall.

Unlike her, he looked confident and smiled all the way through, greeting people there. But this only made Cassandra more anxious.

Why did he know so many people? That could only mean one thing: he had either been here before, or these people were his friends.

"Miss Cassandra, is there anyone we could call?" the lawyer asked, but Cassandra didn't understand why she would ask this.

This only caused her to freak out more.

"Call? Why? What's going on?" Cassandra questioned, but the female lawyer gripped her hands firmly.

"You're anxious. We need you calm for the trial. Financial stability is very important in cases like this, but I need you to calm down," the lawyer reassured her, her soothing voice washing over her.

"I'm calm," Cassandra said with a deep breath.

She knew not to involve Kyle; he had already done more for her than necessary.

Asking for his presence would not only be doing too much, but it would also disrupt Kyle's daily routine.

"Get ready. Remember, don't speak unless spoken to. I will handle all the talking…" The female lawyer was doing a decent job of reassuring her because she truly believed that this case would be an easy one.

There was nothing left for Cassandra to do but trust her lawyer, Jessica.

-

Time passed in the blink of an eye, and the first hearing was done. Jessica was asked some rather unexpected questions that took her off guard, despite arguing that the baby needed his mother due to his age and the need to breastfeed.

But for some reason, the judge wasn't moved by this and remained adamant on certain things that shouldn't even have been considered factors.

The fact that the divorce was going through was one thing, but she made a shocking discovery: the house.

She was losing it in the divorce, and this was used as a strong basis for her inability to care for the baby.

Jessica couldn't bring up the bank account balance because it didn't match her wages.

There would be questions about how she got it, and if it showed that a random man sent it, it could be considered manipulation.

Why? There was a chance that he sent it for the sole purpose of presenting it to the court, only to take it back when it was over.

This had been done before, which was why lawyers avoided using this route as a strong defense.

But Jessica also noticed that the judge was biased. There was no doubt that his verdicts favored her ex-husband, which was unusual.

However, the case was adjourned, giving them time to re-strategize.

"What now?" Cassandra asked, scared that her biggest fears were about to come true.

"Now? I'm afraid you have to show that you've acquired a property to raise your child in. But not only that, I think presenting a partner would help sway the judge and show that you are more than capable of providing not only shelter but a father figure," Jessica said. Her tone, however, didn't sound worried at all.

She wasn't swayed because, despite this hurdle, she was confident that they would win the case.

-

Kyle waited for updates. Cassandra sent him a text message informing him when the hearing was about to start, but he was also waiting for a text back on how it went.

"Are you alright? You look worried," Jane asked, but Kyle nodded to confirm he was fine.

"I'm just thinking about a friend. She's having a custody battle but hasn't gotten back to me about how it went…" Kyle explained.

This was the truth, every word that came out of his mouth.

Jane was surprised, but a bit jealous that he was worried about another woman right in front of her.

However, one thing she had to accept was that Kyle had a life outside of hers.

Even though she hated to admit it, and despite trusting him with all her being.

This was a woman thing, and Jane was slowly becoming territorial over him.

"I—I think everything will be alright…" Jane tried to reassure him.

"You sure? Why do you say so?" Kyle questioned.

The truth was, she had no idea, but it seemed like the right thing to say.

"Because you're involved. Everything just works out with you…" Jane muttered with a sheepish smile.

"I'm like a superhero, huh?" Kyle relished the thought.

Jane managed to ease his worries, even though one couldn't really call it that.

Kyle wanted to see if Cassandra would back out because a big part of the reason she accepted his terms was because of her child.

He didn't have to wait long, as a text soon came.

Jane knew who it was without asking, but kept her mouth shut.

She liked that Kyle was transparent with her and wasn't about to make him regret that decision.

Kyle's facial expression didn't change, so it was hard to read him.

"Is everything alright?" Jane asked before Kyle put away his phone and sighed.

"It looks like this is going to be more difficult than I thought," Kyle responded.

-

Calista couldn't believe another woman had answered his phone. She knew how busy he was, so this only made her wonder who that woman was.

Ella had told her he had a girlfriend, but after meeting up with him, he was able to give her the reassurance she needed to know she was still of use to him.

This was proving to be a hassle. Calista knew that developing feelings might have been a mistake because Kyle held all the cards right now.

There was nothing she could do about it either. It was too late to pull back because Kyle had already done so.

However, Calista knew she had to step up her game if she had competition.

She wasn't going to lose out—this was the mindset she knew she had to adopt.

She couldn't sulk and moan about how she wasn't the only woman; she only had to worry about holding her current position.

Lorenzo was seated beside her, but she did a good job of masking her current frame of mind.

"Hey, Lorenzo, what do you think about polyamory?" Calista asked out of the blue.

This question caught Lorenzo off guard.

"I believe the human soul wasn't meant to be shared with just one person. A single person can be the soulmate of multiple people," Lorenzo responded.

It made sense that he was polyamorous—he was European—but this response wasn't what she expected.

She had thought he would be disgusted, but his answer made it seem like a normal thing.

She, herself, had seen multiple men simultaneously, but they weren't aware of each other, even though they suspected it.

But Kyle was blatantly waving it in her face. Was this all just a game to make her overthink things?

If he did have a girlfriend, wouldn't that make her his mistress?

Calista needed answers, and there was only one way to get them.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 154 - 154: The Force
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was slowly bringing his world together, people he kept separate were now conscious of one another's existence despite not knowing the relationship he shared with them for certain.

In a few days, Jane became aware of Calista and Cassandra.

She didn't know what Kyle was doing with them but her innocent mind assumed she was the only one.

Why did she think this way? It was simple, that was her reality.

Jane had this problem where she gave people the benefit of the doubt despite the mounting evidence proving otherwise.

She did it with Clarence and now repeating that cycle with Kyle.

It was inconceivable that Kyle would do anything to hurt, a thought that was taboo to her.

But Kyle had to go see Cassandra, Jane was aware of this because Kyle informed her that she needed his help.

This left her in his house once again, all alone and bored.

Jane realised she didn't have much of a social life and the only friend she had was Ella.

But was that about to change? The doorbell rang and Jane didn't know if she should stay quiet or answer it.

She wasn't sure how Kyle would react but a sigh soon escaped her lips to calm herself down.

"Get it together!" Jane muttered under her breath before waking to the door and looking through the peephole.

"Kyle?" The voice called out behind the door, it was the voice of a woman.

Jane recoiled backwards but her pivoting heel hit the floor a little hard alerting the person that someone was indeed behind that door.

Jane took a deep breath, she understood that she had no choice now otherwise the lady would think that Kyle was being rude.

She wouldn't want to knowingly soil his reputation.

"U-Um, I'm sorry but Kyle isn't around," Jane blurred out like a frightened child.

"Oh, I didn't mean to intrude," The voice at the other end said, it was Aiysha.

The door slowly unlocked, and Aiysha realised that the woman before her wasn't the same one she had seen.

"No, it is fine! I-Is there something I can help you with?" Jane questioned, she was wearing one of Kyle's shirts, it was so big that it looked like a dress on her.

This told Aiysha that this lady wasn't a relative or anything of that sort.

Unlike the other lady that she encountered, this seemed timid yet polite or she wouldn't have opened the door in the first place.

"I came to give Kyle a progress report about the innovation," Aiysha said outright, Jane's eyes darted towards her chest and saw she was holding a document against them.

"She is so pretty!" Jane thought to herself and if these were the kind of women Kyle had access to, why did he even want her?

She couldn't help but feel insecure even though this woman had a wedding ring wrapped around her finger.

"But seeing as he isn't around, is it fine if I discuss it with you? Truth be told, I could use some help," Aiysha confessed.

Jane didn't know what to do in this situation. She could turn her away, but that risked leaving a bad impression, or she could accept the gesture.

If he was going to stay here then it wouldn't hurt to be friends with a few of the residents.

She had no idea who this woman was but risked it by inviting her in.

Aiysha looked relieved. Jones was originally meant to have this discussion with him, but his schedule had ramped up.

He was taking the restaurant so seriously even though there was no reason to as they would be set for life once this renovation was over.

It would be a hot site considering the rent remained the same for the first year, it was a steal.

Aiysha took in the feminine smell that lingered in the air, it had a soft yet gentle aroma.

"Is he polygamous?" Aiysha found herself wondering this but noticed that the house was clean.

The smell in the house implied that she had been here for a while.

"I didn't know Kyle had a girlfriend, not one as cute as you either," Aiysha said, wanting to know what kind of man he was.

Jane's face flushed red, if they weren't a thing, it was clear that Jane liked him with her reaction.

Her ocean-blue eyes looked to the ground, Aiysha helped herself to a seat and placed the document on the table.

"I cannot show you its content as the last thing I need is to make him angry," Aiysha shook her head.

"I think that is best. Ah!" Jane exclaimed out of the blue, startling Aiysha.

"I forgot to ask if you wanted anything to drink, " Jane looked eager to impress.

Aisha couldn't hold her chuckle, this girl was different from the kind of person she thought Kyle would go for.

"D-Did I do something wrong?" Jane became self-conscious right away.

"No, no. I'm sorry. You're just a breath of fresh air," Aiysha confessed.

"And yes, I would like something to drink. Thank you…?" Aiysha asked, waiting for Jane to introduce herself.

"Jane, my name is Jane," Jane officially introduced herself.

"Thank you, Jane," Aiysha completed her previously interrupted statement.

-

Kyle went to Cassandra but she had company, Jessica to be exact because she needed to fill Kyle in on what was going on from a legal point of view.

However, Jessica didn't expect Kyle to look the way he did because which single attractive young man would be interested in an older woman with a child?

Who would want that kind of responsibility when there were millions without this burden?

Jessica expected to see a much older man with more of a fatherly presence.

But this was even better because it would appeal to the progressive side of the judge.

Kyle listened to everything in detail, Cassandra also included the way her soon-to-be ex-husband was greeting people there.

"Have you ladies considered the fact that he might know the Judge?" Kyle asked and the room went silent.

There was no doubt that her husband wasn't an impressive man but what was stopping this possibility?

Life had a way of establishing relationships with the most unlikely of sources.

In the same way, Jessica had misperceived the idea of Kyle, there was a good chance that this was the case here as well.

"You presented all the evidence but he focused on the narrative that would aid your husband in his case… Jessica might not want to say it because she fears it would make you anxious but that is most likely the case," Kyle pointed out.

Jessica was impressed by his deducting skills, this was something she entertained but there was no evidence to support this.

This was why she didn't see it fit to tell her client about this but Kyle had carelessly spilled it out.

She expected Cassandra to panic but she didn't.

"But with every problem, there is a solution…" Kyle said with a reassuring smile.

There was something about him that just put Cassandra at peace, she just knew in her guts that everything was going to be alright even though things were looking like they were about to take a turn for the worse.

"How are you going to prove that the judge is being influenced?" Jessica asked the important question.

"I won't but I know someone who can," Kyle said with a smile.

-

Priscilla was on one of her runs but Oliver had called in sick so she was alone.

She liked driving around in their new car, it made their work a lot easier.

It had more of a presence as well, it turned the heads of a few people because this monster was capable of doing things normal cars only dreamt about.

She was parked and enjoying a salad until her phone rang, it was a familiar number even though it wasn't saved.

"Hm…" Priscilla looked at it before picking it up, she waited for the person who called to speak first.

[[Hello officer Priscilla…]]

She instantly recognized the voice, it was no doubt Kyle's voice.

"Kyle? What can I help you with?" Priscilla asked, taking a sip of her smoothie.

[[I think I have a case you might be interested in…]]

Kyle already could tell from their interaction that she was the brain and Oliver, the brawn.

She was a lady who truly believed in justice and went the extra step to make sure it was served.

The just-concluded case of Clarence was proof of that and Kyle was about to play on that.

The donation he sent would have softened their perception of him and they would subconsciously want to repay him.

That was human nature and he was going to use to his advantage.

It shouldn't be hard to show that the judge accepted a bribe because Kyle had a plan on how to oust him.

The fact that this man was a prominent figure in society would make this somewhat high-profile even though the higher-ups were sure to try and sweep it under the rug.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 155 - 155: Meeting With Priscilla.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was taking steps to rectify the problem presented to him but knew he had to be careful not to allow things to bleed into this reality.

Since the system was activated a month ago, Kyle's life branched into multiple paths.

Priscilla agreed to help him but only if Kyle had any sustainable evidence to back it up.

She arranged a meeting however Kyle was adamant that this place couldn't be the police station.

This was suspicious but Priscilla didn't press it, she was certain that she could take Kyle in a fight should it come to that.

With Oliver sick, she would not only be alone but also unable to get his opinion regarding the situation.

Kyle arrived in his car, then at the restaurant that Jones worked in, Priscilla didn't have on her police uniform but everything about her screamed police.

The way she carried herself gave her away, most people could tell.

Jones was always in his office, but the moment he heard that Kyle was here with a woman, he dropped whatever he was doing and participated in the services the people he supervised provided.

Kyle saw Jones from the corner of his eye and was glad that he had come out of his office to help out because this would help shape Priscilla's perception of him, it was something that couldn't be helped. Because there was no way that Jones wouldn't hype him up to a certain degree even though Kyle knew this wasn't necessary; it would help to show Priscilla that he didn't send those cars in hopes of getting favours but rather simply because he wanted to.

Kyle gave Jones the heads-up, this might look impromptu but it was planned.

A deception that wasn't necessary for this interaction but Kyle was looking at the bigger picture.

If he was going to keep these pairs of officers even if Oliver wasn't present, he had to shape their perception of him early.

"Welcome back sir," Jones attended to them, acting like Kyle was only a customer.

"I saw you at the building…" Priscilla pointed out. She spoke to his wife when the investigation was still going on and saw a portrait of the family.

This was the owner of the building but luckily, she voiced this early before the conversation could go on.

This made it possible for Kyle to regain control of the situation, Jones was trying to be a decent wingman because that was what Kyle requested.

"We separate our relationship… In here, I'm the customer," Kyle redirected the conversation but Priscilla didn't seem impressed by this as her face was indifferent.

"I see," These were the only words that left her lips.

Priscilla wondered why he was telling her this because he was also a client in his home so this term was a bit strange.

She looked at Jones, confused as to why he was standing there with a smile on his face.

"Aren't you going to take my order?" Priscilla asked, the way she spoke wasn't rude but there was something off-putting about it.

She wasn't here for small talk and made that clear.

"Someone's impatient…" Kyle said with a smile.

This woman was going to be a tough nut to crack but all nuts crack eventually with the right tools.

Jones shrugged before taking their orders, he didn't know why Kyle needed his help but was just happy to be a part of it.

However, he got something out of it, Aiysha never informed him that she had spoken to the police.

It was a piece of information he just learned from this woman and it left a bitter taste in his mouth.

Kyle was focused on Priscilla, not taking his eyes off her for even a second but Priscilla was equal to the task.

The last thing she felt from Kyle was intimidation because she has dealt with some of the worst criminals known to man.

There was no way some millionaire with a little too much free time on their hands could make her anxious.

"There is a judge that is proceeding over a case but I suspect that he has collected a bribe to sway the verdict in the way of the husband. I would have let it be but this person is a friend of mine, you see?" Kyle spilled the beans.

Priscilla already got the overall gist from the conversation but she needed to know who the target was.

This was a small case in itself but the name would determine the scale of this case.

"And who is this judge?" Priscilla asked only to be met with files laid horizontally across the table.

"What is this?" She asked but Kyle didn't give a verbal response, gesturing for her to open it up.

He asked the lawyer to help gather all the information she could on the man and luckily, she was able to do that in a couple of minutes.

There was nothing implicating him however that should be expected but Kyle could tell he had Priscilla's attention the moment she saw who she was going after.

"Do you even know who this is?" Priscilla asked, Kyle couldn't read what she was feeling right now.

"I was hoping you would…" Kyle responded, something told him that this wasn't the first time that this woman had heard of this man.

The truth was, this man had been on her radar because he was one of the few judges that have given questionable verdicts in the past.

But there was one thing that he was very good at and that was eradicating all connections.

There was nothing to lead on with, he cleaned his tracks better than a hungry man cleans his plate.

Priscilla didn't reveal his name but she didn't need to, Kyle already knew all he needed to know about the man.

"I will take the case," Priscilla said, shutting the folder but her aura was different.

"I'm glad to hear that…" Kyle said but Priscilla wanted to confirm one more thing.

"Are you the one that donated those cars to the LAPD?" Priscilla questioned.

She was blunt and went right to the point with no small talk, she wasn't interested in any social interaction that didn't concern her occupation.

"I have no idea what you're talking about or those 10 cars," Kyle fired back.

He knew that she didn't state the number of cars and did this intentionally to help her settle one case.

Priscilla didn't even react, her face remained stoic, not giving him any reaction.

Jones brought the food at that moment and Kyle wanted to ask her why she was eating so light but this was none of his business.

Kyle already knew he couldn't get through to her via normal conversations and she didn't reveal anything about herself.

So there was no way for him to further this interaction without forcing things but maybe he didn't need to.

For once, he might as well enjoy the silence and that was what they both did.

They spent over ten minutes eating, the best part about this was the silence wasn't awkward.

After eating, they just sat there for a couple of more minutes without saying a single word.

Kyle expected her to be up and away the moment they finished but she was not in any hurry to leave.

"Silence is peaceful, isn't it?" Kyle asked but Priscilla didn't answer nor respond which intrigued Kyle all the more.

"I have to go," Priscilla said but Kyle wasn't done with her just yet.

"I haven't even told you about my plan or is this your way of making sure you see me again?" Kyle teased, this was his personality so it wasn't something he could help.

Naturally, not everyone would be a fan of it but was Priscilla one of those people.

She awkwardly returned to the table but there wasn't any hint of embarrassment.

"You had a plan and sat in silence until now?" Priscilla asked with a raised brow.

"Don't you have anything better to do?" She added, astonished by his lack of awareness.

"Hey, I thought we were enjoying each other's company," Kyle chuckled but once again, no reaction from Priscilla.

She felt like an AI that he couldn't get through to but it was refreshing to have someone this professional by his side.

It meant that this was the same treatment others would get, Kyle couldn't explain it but he felt a sense of relief. She wasn't easy and that was good.

Kyle proceeded to tell her his plan in great detail and Priscilla's face remained completely uninterested but her body language said otherwise.

She was intrigued that Kyle could think of something so simple yet devious.

"This could work," That was all she said, pondering on the possibility of success.

Kyle had laid out a plan but Priscilla also realized that there was more than meets the eye with this man.

This was something she already suspected but Kyle laying out his thoughts allowed her a brief glimpse into how he thinks.

Kyle could tell but this was the only way to make sure she thought about him long after meeting him, he wanted to see what it would take to break that shell and hoped Oliver wouldn't be as difficult.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 156 - 156: Jones Regret
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Things were looking up for Cassandra, Kyle had gotten a young police officer who had a vendetta against him.

He was fighting fire with fire but there was a chance that this could backfire, Kyle knew that this was a possibility even though they wouldn't find anything on him.

They couldn't convict him of anything if he was not guilty even though he would get a lot of raised eyebrows.

That was about it, there was nothing else to press a case but he knew that Priscilla was a lady that went out of her way if she thought someone was guilty.

And this was an unexpected blessing in disguise, one he could utilize to his advantage.

Priscilla drove away and this left Kyle with Jones, who came over the table as soon as his company was gone.

"Who was that? She is scary!" Jones pointed out; he was intimidated by Priscilla because she had this aura of someone that would beat the shit out of him if he looked at her the wrong way.

"A police officer," Kyle said the obvious but Jones raised a brow to this.

"Is that the kind of woman you go after? A woman that can beat you to death?" Jones questioned before sitting right across him.

"I mean, it keeps the relationship exciting, no?" Kyle responded.

"You're one crazy sonuvabitch!" Jones laughed it off.

The employees were looking at how well he got along with Kyle, no one would guess that Kyle was a tenant in his building.

They sounded like they had been friends for years but their relationship only just took a thing despite them knowing each other for quite some time.

"What can I say, if she can't kill you, are you even living?" Kyle said with a chuckle.

He didn't want to drag Jones into his problem, there was no telling what would happen if he did.

It was something that he couldn't risk either way because Jones already had his troubles.

The last thing he needed was getting him mixed with all of this.

Jones kept quiet for a second but that felt like an eternity, he tried to continue but Kyle realized it was about time he checked in on his friend.

"Is everything okay at home?" Kyle asked and Jones hesitated to give a response.

This was unlike him, Jones had quick wit so any hesitation gave Kyle his answer indirectly.

"It is okay, I'm here to listen," Kyle reassured him. He knew the last thing Jones complained about was not being able to keep up with her sex drive.

Kyle wondered if this was the thing causing trouble in their marriage, it might seem insignificant but sexual satisfaction was important.

"Marriage man, it isn't easy…" Jones finally spewed.

"You tell me, I'm not the one married," Kyle shrugged it off prompting Jones to chuckle faintly.

"I know it is hard, that is what makes it worth a damn but everything just seems to set her off these days. I work so hard and I'm a great father but I'm afraid I might not be so great a husband," Jones said.

Any other person would have jumped at him and told him about how great of a husband he is but that would be invalidating his concern. This was why Kyle just stayed and listened, he didn't confirm or deny any allegations that Jones laid on himself because he knew that there must be some truth to it.

A person knew themselves better than anyone else, this included their flaws.

Disregarding a flaw simply because you have seen a flawless version of themselves creates a disconnect and this was something Kyle wasn't about to do.

"Why do you feel that way?" Kyle asked, permitting Jnes to go into details.

"I don't know what else to say, everything's just falling apart," Jones confessed but Kyle knew he was beating around the bush without touching the major subject.

Kyle noted how Jones highlighted his might in other aspects except being a husband.

"Do you think she is cheating on you?" Kyle asked and judging from Jones's lack of a reaction, he knew he hit it right on the head.

"Tell me why you think so," Kyle said but a brief thought flashed through his mind.

"Damn, I sound like a freaking therapist!"

"The late nights, the not picking my calls, the switch up… I wouldn't even blame her," Jones was worn out but the last sentence almost made Kyle lose respect for the older man.

"You wouldn't blame her for cheating on you?" Kyle repeated, wanting to make sure this wasn't a slip of the tongue.

"I know how it sounds but I wasn't kidding when I said I haven't been the best husband," Jones reiterated.

"Tell me why you think this way," Kyle realized this wasn't about him and he had to keep his feelings in check.

"You know, Aiysha was never my first choice when it came to partners when it came to marriage.." Jones began but he felt like Kyle was judging him.

"I know what you're thinking, she is gorgeous! But she hasn't always been that way," Jones pointed out.

"You see, she was a woman I married not because I loved her but because she was a good wife. However, I grew to love her," Jones revealed.

Kyle was beginning to understand why she was so obsessed with the gym, she was once a lady of unhealthy weight. Jones married her that way and then she got her weight under control, turning into drop-dead gorgeous beauty.

"I cheated on her in the past, you see… And I have been trying to make it up to her ever since then," Jones confessed and there was his flaw.

Jones was too perfect a man but Kyle realized that his dedication was linked to his past.

Aiysha got into shape after the affair, she wasn't Jones's first choice and the only reason he married her was because she was a safe option.

He didn't have to worry about anything because of her size, she was obese and this made him complacent.

He cheated on her repeatedly with the girl he did have affection for but she cheated on him after declining to marry him, this brought an end to their relationship.

However, after a few years, they reconnected and she was looking even better than ever.

Things had gotten boring in his marriage and he sought to find some sort of excitement to wake his heart up.

And there she was, Chloe, ready to fill that role, which made Kyle feel alive once again.

But it couldn't last forever because Aiysha caught him but she did forgive him.

Jones ended the affair right away and earned that forgiveness, he begged her and even offered to give her a free pass if this meant she would forgive him.

She blamed herself and realized she had to work on herself so her husband wouldn't look outside.

This was the motivation for her transformation and ever since then, Jones has been the ideal husband but as of recent, his insecurity was getting the better of him.

Aiysha was a woman everyone wanted, she went from a woman no man desired to a woman every man desired.

Jones became worried that she would do to him what he once did to her.

Jones told Kyle in great detail about these events and all Kyle did was listen.

He didn't know Jones was this kind of man but everyone made mistakes and he had done enough to make up for his.

He couldn't judge him because marriages were complex and just because a story starts bad doesn't mean it couldn't end up good.

This made Jnes appear a lot more human to Kyle and realized that their marriage problem wasn't because of Aiysha but Jones.

Jones no longer trusted his wife but Kyle could see why.

It was justified because Kyle had questionable run-ins with her and this was something that Kyle couldn't tell Jones or it would break his marriage.

Kyle didn't offer any solutions because that wasn't what Jones was looking for, he just acknowledged what he was told and this made Jones feel better.

He just wanted to get it off his chest more than anything and Kyle allowed him to do just that.

But he had one question on his mind, was Jones' concern unfounded? There was only one way to find out.

The only reason he would think she was cheating was because he knew he wasn't satisfying her.

Kyle knew this was something he didn't need to worry about when she was obese but not anymore.

Kyle was impressed that she stayed, it was something he couldn't see himself doing if he was monogamous.

But he could grasp why someone would take this route.

Kyle spent more time than he would have liked here but it was worth it, there was something comforting about being the shoulder that Jones could lean on.

The men said their farewell and that was more than enough socializing for one day.

Kyle's social battery was drained and needed to recharge.

Nate was pretty much running the club and showed he was more than capable of tackling the task so he didn't need to worry much about that.

Calista knew her place and didn't try to cross lines that shouldn't be crossed so there was nothing much to worry about.

Cassandra basically signed her soul away to him and he knew that this custody battle would be the thing to push her towards him.

Kyle's life was fantastic, he couldn't complain, not for a second but he was nowhere where he wanted to be.

He wanted to etch his name into the universe itself, he wanted to be known forever.

That was the only way he could live forever, maybe then his father would see just how much of a mistake he made by throwing him away.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 157 - 157: Hi, Aiysha. It Is Me Again.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle returned home and he met Jane fast asleep. He wondered if she had any social life outside of him and Ella.

How was she so content with her limited relationships?

He couldn't reach his finger around It but the house was sparkling clean and hot food awaited hope.

Kyle had reservations about Jane staying with him but things were going better than he could have imagined.

He had no complaints because she fulfilled the role of a girlfriend perfectly but most importantly, she gave him space when needed.

Kyle knew this was temporary but found himself not wanting this to end.

The beginning is always the best, you don't get it twice and if you forget to enjoy it.

You might not have enough reason to cling to the relationship during the hard times.

Kyle sat and ate his food, he didn't say a word or make any noise because the last thing he wanted to do was wake Jane up.

He checked his phone and saw a message from Ella, surprised as his phone didn't ring out.

[[Hello Kyle! I just got paid and I want to thank you for everything you have done for me! I want to take you out to show my appreciation! Don't worry about Jane, I have already spoken to her about it. You have changed my life and now we can finally afford to move out of that apartment!]]

Ella couldn't contain her excitement but neither could Kyle hide the smile that crept up on his face.

He was making a difference in people's lives.

It might not be enough to fill the gaping hole in his chest but it was a start.

He found out that Ella respected Jane's boundaries and must have taken her permission before sending this message.

But what was more surprising was that Jane had allowed her to have this much access to him.

She must have trusted him with all her heart because Ella was far from average, she was stunning.

However, Kyle was out of both their leagues when it came to it so beauty wasn't a factor in that sense as he could get any woman he wanted with his vast wealth.

What was the worst that could happen?

Kyle didn't know what to reply with but everything was going good, too good and this made him skeptical.

It felt like the universe was about to even the equation.

They tried to with Clarence but what was next?

Kyle couldn't shake it off but understood at a fundamental level that this was something he couldn't control so what was the point of worrying about it?

Kyle walked to the bed and saw Jane sleeping like a baby, he couldn't believe that there were people out there who would leap at the chance of hurting her.

She was harmless, such a frail yet beautiful creature.

Kyle just stood there, wondering if he was making a mistake.

You see it in a movie, if they can't get to you then they use your loved ones.

Forcing you to do things you would have never even considered in a million years, this in turn created a weakness that could be exploited.

Kyle had no idea what awaited him but was certain that he would be able to weather the storm should the time call for it.

Kyle's eyes slowly shifted towards the side table and noticed a file there.

"Hm…" He thought to himself, picking it up to see that it was concerning the renovation of the building.

"Aiysha was here?" Kyle thought to himself but that would mean she must have interacted with Jane to a degree.

He knew Calista would keep her mouth closed but had no idea if Aiysha would.

But having had that conversation with Jones, he began to see her in a different light.

Aiysha was the example of the perfect wife or at least, that's what Jones portrayed.

Kyle heaved a sigh realizing he had been hard on her for no reason other than his lust.

But shouldn't he respect her enough not to give in to his temptations?

Kyle couldn't trust himself around her or was he afraid that she would be the one to make a move he would be unable to resist?

Kyle went over to her apartment, a place he had been avoiding for quite some time because a one-on-one situation would only make his perverse thoughts rampage.

Kyle knew he couldn't run away forever and had to face it once and for all.

He found himself standing at her doorstep and the doorbell soon rang.

It took a little over a minute for the door to spring open and Kyle was reminded why he didn't come here anymore.

Aiysha was drenched in sweat, she had on a crop top that wasn't fitting and this made the underside of her breasts slightly visible even though Kyle couldn't see it as he was much taller than her however this meant he could see the top of her exposed cleavage.

Her sizzling abdomen made it impossible for one to guess she already had two kids.

But that wasn't all, her thighs were even more attractive as she had a towel around her neck from the sweat.

"Oh! Kyle! Hello…"  Aiysha greeted but her body language didn't show she was uncomfortable to be seen in this light.

That was no surprise, she took years to mould this body so there was no reason for her to hide it away from the world.

"It looks like someone is hard at work," Kyle complimented her but Aiysha was somewhat surprised because he had been giving her the cold shoulder for quite some time.

"Hahaha! I have to keep the temple looking good," Aiysha responded with a gentle smile.

"You're doing a great job, trust me. Is now a good time?" Kyle asked and Aiysha noticed the file in his hand.

" Absolutely not. Please, come in," Aiysha stepped aside to allow him entry.

In a sense, Kyle was not just a tenant because it was his money that they were using to renovate this building.

Kyle sat down and only then did he notice Aiysha's underboob, he immediately looked away but Aiysha caught him.

She didn't make a big deal out of it because he was a man in the end, these reactions were expected.

"Do you want me to change?" Aiysha questioned.

The last thing she wanted was to make him uncomfortable.

"Change? Why would you?" Kyle questioned.

"I mean I'm comfortable but if it makes you uncomfortable, I could always wear something else so there are no distractions," Aiysha was being considerate and there was no way that Kyle was about to tell her to change.

He did enjoy the view after all.

"You see right through me! Damn my leering eyes!" Kyle exaggerated and Aiysha couldn't contain her giggle.

" It is fine, you have a beautiful body and there's nothing wrong with showing it off," Kyle said, looking right in her eyes before looking away soon after.

"Those damn eyes…" Kyle thought to himself.

"Thank you…" Aiysha was taken off guard by the compliment but it was one she liked hearing nonetheless.

Kyle got right down to business and removed the documents in the file.

Jones left her to handle the logistics and all the legal aspects of this because he wasn't any good.

This was why he could trust his wife with millions without batting an eye.

They discussed for a few minutes and the aroma that lingered in the air told him that she was cooking something.

She got up soon to check what was on fire and Kyle could feel his heart thumping.

This was the thing with sex appeal, it was the power of femininity.

Kyle enjoyed the back view, her ass jiggling with every step she took.

"OOOWW!" A scream escaped the kitchen.

Kyle didn't even know when he sprung to his feet and dashed towards her to see what was going on.

"Are you okay!?" Kyle exclaimed.

"I-Its fine…" Aiysha tried to downplay it but the truth was, her body was feeling the effects of her workout.

She was pushing herself to the limit and her shoulders had cramped up.

Kyle could tell with a single look that this was the case.

"Come here," Kyle gestured to her but Aiysha was hesitant only because she didn't want to be an inconvenience to him.

Kyle followed with a gesture and she walked right to him.

"You do know there's more to life than working out?" Kyle questioned, placing his hands on her shoulders.

"They're so soft…" Aiysha thought to herself the moment his palms began to massage her exposed shoulder.

Aiysha closed her eyes, her back turned to Kyle but she expected a mediocre massage.

But that wasn't the case, Kyle's hands felt like they reached into her bones and reconstructed her very anatomy.

"Hmmm~!" Aiysha moaned but quickly placed a hand around her mouth.

"D-Did she just moan?" Kyle wondered

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 158 - 158: New Partner.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle helped Aiysha with her stiff shoulder but the moans threw him off his rhythm.

Aiysha felt the atmosphere shift. She knew she should stop it, but she was enjoying it a little too much.

They both knew that if they stopped at that moment, it would mean that they both thought the same thing.

"I knew my hands were good but not that good," Kyle teased, making light of the situation like he did when she saw his erection.

Aiysha chuckled at the thought of it. She recalled that moment and realized that Kyle had a way to diffuse the situation, which was good.

"Besides, it is normal for the body to react this way when excited," Kyle added and he was right.

This was why happy endings were so popular; it was because the body was put in a state of arousal.

For both men and women, however, there was nothing that could have prepared her for how good Kyle was.

Kyle lowered his hand and Aiysha took a step away from him but the first thing she looked at when she turned around was his crotch.

It was involuntary, it was like a man's eyes looking at a perfect pair of tits even if he didn't want to.

This was the case with Aiysha and it was something that didn't go unnoticed by Kyle.

A hidden grin creased his face but it was something that he could control.

Kyle didn't know how he was doing it but his desires were under control at this very moment.

"That was one hell of a massage," Aiysha complimented Kyle's handwork.

The knot in her shoulders was gone and this was proven by how she was able to flex it.

She hurried to check the food she was cooking, hoping it wasn't ruined.

Kyle just looked at her, taking in her shape as it was more impressive that she created this body out of sheer willpower.

Kyle took himself back to the living room and took a seat, he had to control his thoughts.

One wrong move and his cock would threaten to rip out of his pants, he couldn't let that happen.

Aiysha soon returned with a plate of food, Kyle didn't know that she planned on serving him or he would have declined seeing as he had already eaten.

But it was too late once the food was on a plate, it would be rude to return it after it was on a plate.

Kyle wouldn't like that done to him either so he prepared his stomach for another meal.

It was chicken stew.

Kyle had tasted chicken stew before but it had never had this aroma before, this was definitely a first.

He saw it steaming in front of him but noticed that there was only one plate.

He didn't know if it was for him or her.

Kyle didn't want to look like a hungry individual and tried his best to ignore it but it smelled way too good.

However, his eyes noticed that there were two spoons.

"Does she expect us to share a plate?" Kyle thought to himself.

This wasn't wrong in the general sense. He couldn't help feeling it was inappropriate.

Kyle heaved a frustrated sigh because that smell was drawing him in like a cartoon character.

It was like he was floating towards it like he was in Disney but he didn't know the kind of relationship Jones had with her.

He noticed that she was too comfortable doing this meaning it must be normal behaviour.

She must be a faithful woman and Kyle knew that he was the one reading too much into this.

"Well, are you going to join me?" Aiysha asked and all Kyle did was chuckle.

"I don't think I will…" Kyle dismissed it but Aiysha wasn't taking no for an answer.

She handed him a spoon and Kyle thought twice about accepting but he accepted nonetheless.

Kyle was surprised that his stomach suddenly had space for more food.

"You know what, maybe just a spoon," Kyle conceded.

Aiysha chucked because she had yet to meet a man who could resist her cooking.

"Of course," She mocked him.

"What? You think I will take more than a spoon?" Kyle questioned.

"I didn't say anything," Aiysha had a sheepish smile on her face because she knew that he would most likely try to snatch the food from her the moment he had a spoon.

"Someone is cocky about her cooking," Kyle said, leaning in but realized that he had gotten too close to her chest.

All he needed to do was tilt his head up and see those evasive areolas hidden beneath her top.

"Don't do it, don't do it!" Kyle tried to will himself but why wasn't Aiysha backing away?

Did she want to see what Kyle would do or did she not care if he looked up or not?

Kyle took a spoon and placed it in his mouth, his mind instantly reset the moment it touched his tongue.

He didn't care about no titties, only looking up to wonder if his feet had touched paradise.

Only to see a triumphant look on Aiysha, Kyle wanted to let go of the spoon but that was something he couldn't do.

"Well?" Aiysha asked despite already knowing the answer.

Kyle immediately backed away, clearing his throat in the process because he realized that Aiysha was gaining the upper hand.

The way the flavours attacked his taste buds left him in a trance, the season was perfect.

It had just the right amount even though it was a tad bit too spicy but that was part of the reason it was perfect.

"Had enough?" Aiysha couldn't hide her grin and Kyle kissed his teeth in frustration.

"You know…" Kyle said, trying to reestablish himself after that lapse of concentration.

"... It is said that the more a person stops himself from having it, the more he craves it…" Kyle said, reaching for the spoon.

"... Desire, desire, desire and there is one thing I desire right now," Kyle said, this could easily be interpreted as two things.

"Is that so? I wonder what that is," Aiysha responded with a suggestive smile.

Kyle's hand, for a split second, looked like they were going for her breasts but took a sharp detour to the spoon.

He took a spoon, the tension he created left a lot to the imagination, Kyle was surprised that Joens was comfortable with his wife dressing this way but also understood that he couldn't say much.

Kyle took another spoon and had to lean back to take in the taste, stretching his legs as far as they could go.

"Fuck…!" Kyle muttered under his breath and Aiysha smiled at his reaction, it was nice being appreciated for something other than her physical appearance.

However, Aiysha found his behaviour strange because he kept their conversation to a minimum before now.

Aiysha sighed as she got closer to him, Kyle knew that the food had two spoons so it wasn't only for him.

Aiysha was mere inches from making contact with his body and that was something that made the atmosphere even tenser.

"You know… I was hurt when I found out you have been going to another gym despite my offer being open to you," Aiysha confessed.

"What? She knew!?" Kyle thought to himself.

"I can explain…" Kyle tried to diffuse the situation but Aiysha smiled.

She wasn't blaming Kyle, he did nothing wrong and had every reason to choose his trainer.

This was her expressing how she felt, nothing more, nothing less.

"It is fine… I don't know but it feels like you don't think I'm good enough," Aiysha said.

Kyle already knew that she might still be struggling with validation, this was the plight of people who go through such drastic change.

They're not used to the attention and need new ways to validate themselves even though this doesn't apply to everyone.

Kyle knew that it might not even apply to him and this could be something entirely different.

Aiysha must have thought they were friends and felt betrayed that he went to another for a job she was qualified to do.

"I'm sorry…" Kyle said, taking accountability for his part in this even though it was Aiysha just experiencing herself.

"I might not have done anything wrong as you said but it still hurts you and for that, I'm sorry…" Kyle reiterated.

"Your feelings matter…" Kyle added. Aiysha's eyes widened in shock.

She couldn't believe that these words were coming out of his mouth but snapped out of it almost immediately.

"E-excuse me, I need to make sure I turn off the stove," Aiysha had to get out of there immediately.

Kyle wondered if he said something wrong but that wasn't possible as all he did was reassure her.

"You know what? I will give your gym a chance. No, I will give you a chance," Kyle said and he heard a little gasp in the kitchen before Aiysha ran back to the room like a happy child.

"Really!?" Aiysha to which Kyle nodded to confirm this was the case.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 159 - 159: Another Piece Of Kyle's Past?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle accepted and gave in to Aiysha in the end, accepting that she would train him because he had nothing to lose.

If anything, this would help him understand the kind of person that Aiysha was on a deeper level.

However, there was a possibility that this could go sideways at any given moment as Kyle could give into his lust but Aiysha was a person that looked like she could refuse him.

That gave him a certain level of peace because she was the kind of person who could hold her own.

Kyle returned to his apartment and noticed that his cock was rock hard, it felt like it had become the man of steel that could pierce through anything.

Kyle knew he couldn't take out his lust on Jane because of the things he wanted to do, Jane couldn't handle it, at least not yet.

However, there was one person that could and that was no one other than Calista.

But Kyle knew that he had to be careful because she was slowly becoming something of a celebrity herself.

This means she would be in the public eye a lot more, increasing their chances of being spotted.

If that happened, Kyle knew the repercussions it would have on his existing relationships.

When he went to the bathroom, he found a beautiful woman on his bed that he couldn't even touch.

Kyle hated this and instead, grabbed his cock and began to stroke it.

He knew that a nut was needed, stroking it gently with his eyes closed, picturing Aiysha was the one doing the deed.

He didn't understand why he couldn't get her out of his mind but this must be why Adam took a bite of that fruit.

There was no doubt that forbidden fruits taste better but Kyle knew that as long as he doesn't physically act on these thoughts then this much should be okay.

It didn't take long before it shot like a stream, Kyle yanked his head backwards, feeling the pleasure escape every fibre of his being.

Kyle heaved a sigh of relief, he knew that women were responsible for the fall of some of the greatest men in history.

Kyle had no plans to add to the statistics but he didn't plan to run away either.

He entered into bed with Jane, wrapping his arm around her and drawing her in for a cuddle and with that, he drifted into a dream. No, he drifted into a nightmare.

-

Kyle found himself in a house but unlike the one in his previous dreams, this one was well-furnished and had a semblance of a home.

There was nothing out of the ordinary here but there was something that caught his eye.

Kyle was staring right at his reflection, he had on clean clothes but he was clearly in his teenage years, approximately 14 years old.

Kyle raised his hand up; he knew it was a dream but this was a memory he could recall more fondly.

"Damn, I look… good?" Kyle muttered to himself however he noticed a family portrait hanging on the wall but couldn't make out the faces but his.

The others were silhouettes but there were 4 excluding him and this would mean that whatever this family was, Kyle was a part of it.

But why weren't their faces in the picture? Kyle didn't think much of this because his room looked like that of the average teenager.

"Is this…?" Kyle thought to himself, taking a moment to observe his surroundings.

He recognized this place, it was the home he grew up in after his mother's death.

Kyle grew up in a home or would it be more accurate to say that this was the family that adopted him?

Kyle walked down the stairs but the house was empty, there was no furniture or even a lightbulb.

"Hello?" Kyle called out but got no response.

He wasn't scared but this was unsettling, he got to the end of the stairs and it felt like it was in a different place as the stairs disappeared the moment he descended from it.

"What the…!" Kyle thought to himself, he looked back and there was nothing in sight.

And when he returned his eyes to his front, the scenery had changed.

This dreadful feeling of being alone overcame him, like he was trapped in a black hole.

Kyle tried to scream soon after but no sound escaped his lips.

However, he saw multiple silhouettes approaching or rather, he could hear the footsteps.

"Ha! I see. Another nightmare to induce fear," Kyle sighed, he had to calm himself because his previous nightmares had taught him that fear was one thing that they seemingly fed off.

It was a product of his subconscious after all and if that was the case, he should have control over it.

The skill he got made it possible for him to recognize these patterns and retain his sense of self in this illusionary world.

People tend to forget what they dream about or if they were even in one.

But Kyle knew he had no choice, he had to get to the bottom of this no matter what.

There was something strange about all of this because he shouldn't be having these dreams anymore.

"I'm not afraid," Kyle said out loud to inform whatever or whoever was watching him.

But that wasn't true; otherwise, the dream would have ended

"Kyle…?" A voice called out within the pitch-black darkness but whoever called him affected him because Kyle couldn't move an inch.

"M-Mum?" Kyle muttered, barely audible as his entire body began to tremble.

But then a shriek followed, it forced Kyle to clasp his ears shut in pain however that was when his eyes shot open.

Kyle was sweating profusely, his breathing was laboured and he saw Jane with a terrified look on her face. He could tell that she had been trying to wake him up for quite some time now.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 160 - 160: Calista And Ella
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Calista returned home, she was exhausted by the shoot today but they were nearing the end.

If someone told her it took this long to produce a romantic movie, she would have disagreed in a heartbeat.

Calista laid on her bed tapping away at her phone, she had nothing else to do.

She got a few messages from men on Instagram about meeting up but she didn't even open them because there was nothing that they could offer her that she wasn't already experiencing.

She was driving the car of her dreams and if she needed anything, all she needed to do was give Kyle a call.

However, she reduced how she requested things or it would give him the wrong message that she was only with him for his money.

That might have been the case at the beginning but not anymore.

Calista wanted to get as much out of Kyle before he discarded her or she discarded but that strategy had changed.

She wanted to stay with Kyle for as long as possible but also knew she had to learn about any potential competition that she might have.

"Ella, was it?" She muttered to herself before scrolling through her phone to her name.

She found her name, Ella wanted to make friends that might be helpful to her career or increase in social status.

That person was Calista. Ella saw the kind of car she drove when she walked out and instantly knew she made the right call.

Calista shot Ella a text and to her surprise, she got a reply right away.

Calista smiled because she realized that Ella was the one who would bring her closer to this lady called Jane.

Jane was a lady that she wouldn't have paid much attention to on a normal day but this was different, if Kyle did like her then she needed to know why.

She needed to know how much even though Kyle had given her reassurance that she was still needed. She wasn't sure how long that would last if he found someone else to fulfil the role she provides.

She chatted with Ella for a few minutes, the fact that Ella no longer had Jane to keep her company meant that she was a little more lonely.

And what better way to distract herself than with her new friend?

Calista's doorbell rang a couple of minutes later and judging by her facial expression, she knew who it was.

She walked to the door and behold, Ella standing at the other end.

"Hey, you.." Calista began the conversation and Ella smiled right at her.

"I'm surprised that you invited me to your home, I could be a…!" Ella stopped herself the moment she realized that she couldn't use her sense of humour for this lady.

It was too soon, she didn't know how she would be perceived but Calista hung around with Kyle.

There was no way she would be alien to such a thing.

"... Or, I am the killer," Calista responded with a gentle smile.

Calista saw the shock on Ella's face before relief replaced it and a burst of laughter followed.

"Oh my God!" Ella couldn't contain her laughter, chuckling like a mad woman.

It wasn't supposed to be this funny yet here she was, laughing like a mad woman.

"I didn't know I was that funny," Calista said with a snicker.

Ella took a step before stopping in her tracks to measure Calista, she could take her easily because Calista was one of those ladies who put excessive effort into keeping her weight below a certain weight class.

She was easily what one would call a supermodel and not the counterpart which is simply a model.

"Are you scared?" Calista asked with a sheepish smile.

"A guy opens his door and gets shot, and you think that of me? No! I am the one who knocks!" Ella fired back but she was quoting a fictional character.

"Holy shit! You watch that!?" Calista already knew she was going to get along well with her the moment she spewed those words.

Calista thought that she would have to deal with someone who would try to use her for her perceived resources but judging from her conversational skills.

Ella was a lot more down-to-earth than she realized and in a sense, had a similar sense of humor to Kyle.

"Of course I do, I love movies," Ella responded with Calista gesturing inside.

But Calista began to understand that Ella had no idea who she was.

She didn't know if this was a good or bad thing because she wanted to wipe the movies she had acted in the past off the face of the earth.

But it was a past she couldn't escape, this was the downside of having a digital footprint.

It was something that she couldn't escape from and after a few minutes of getting to know each other.

"I cannot still believe that you're an actress!" Ella exclaimed but Calista tried to act like this didn't boost her ego and tried her best to contain the grin that creased her face.

"I'm just starting! I haven't been in anything major yet," Calista tried to downplay it.

"It is only a matter of time! I'm sure of that," Ella exclaimed, urging her on.

This was moving too fast but Ella was reminded how easy connecting with women was.

If this was a man, he would have been waving his cock right about now but she had been so focused on her career that she had no time for the little things in life.

"Well, there is a movie coming up…" Calista confessed, she couldn't keep the news to herself.

"Tell me about it," Ella gave her the go-ahead.

This was meant to be a means for Calista to extract information but she found herself talking about herself and instead, giving Ella more information.

Ella didn't plan this nor was there any malicious intention attached to her interaction with her.

Ella was genuinely interested in the life she led and for the first time in a long time, she connected with someone other than Jane.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 161 - 161: Calista's Rise To Fame [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The day ended but also a week passed in the blink of an eye.

Calista was shooting the final scene of the movie, unlike most movies that were released a year or so after production.

This was one scheduled to be released right away which was strange because the marketing hadn't been done yet.

However, social media had helped them out immensely and this meant that they didn't need to put as much money into marketing.

They weaponized Calista's look to their advantage as the agencies she had worked with showed their 'support' by advocating for her.

This was simply farming for engagements and it worked, Calista might have signed under JPD but the prior works she had done, the agencies she worked for had full ownership of those pictures and there was nothing malicious with their posts as well.

It was business, that was all it ever was and there was no one on earth that wouldn't take advantage of an opportunity.

But this cascaded into a series of events and the paparazzi that took her picture uploaded it on the internet.

Calista's face caught attention and she looked like a goddess in human form.

The fact that she was so young only added to the appeal.

Calista awoke from bed, she got closer to Ella but hadn't spoken about Jane yet.

She didn't want her to get suspicious otherwise that wouldn't be a good look for her.

As far as Ella was concerned, Jane wasn't any business of Calista.

Calista picked up on it and knew this was territory she shouldn't cross carelessly.

She got a notification on her phone, Calista stretched on her bed but that sleep hit a little too sweet, making her body convulse like she was having a seizure.

"Damn! That was some good stuff!" Calista exclaimed

She was energetic, and ready to start her day because life has been going well as of late.

Everything would have been perfect if someone told her this would be her life a couple of months ago.

She would have smacked them over the head but this also came with consequences.

Calista checked her phone and her eyes widened in shock, she had over a thousand notifications across multiple social media platforms.

"What the…!" Calista didn't know how to react to it because this could be for something bad.

She checked and saw people tagging her or commenting on a picture that Distort had personally uploaded on their page.

It was a picture of her alongside a few other actors/actresses with a caption tagging each of their social media handles.

"Woah!" Calista exclaimed and noticed her following rose by over a thousand.

"What the hell is happening!?" Calista was excited because this was something she expected further down the line, not now.

She continued to browse the internet to find out if she could find anything else about her.

[[OMG!! SHE'S SO PRETTY!!]] Read a comment and Calista couldn't hide her smile.

[[I'd definitely rail her…]] Another comment read.

It was a common occurrence for pretty women to be sexualized by watchers.

Funny enough, this was part of the reason people would spend their hard-earned money to watch it in the cinema.

Calista didn't mind this because people sexualized her almost every day so there was nothing wrong with this.

It was human nature because women sexualized her a lot more than men.

Before she could scroll further, her phone rang out.

She saw it was Isabella and held her breath.

Isabella had saved her life at this point and couldn't believe how lucky she was to be accepted into the agency.

"Good day, Miss Isabella!" Calista began.

Isabella was one of the few people that Calista respected.

[[Congratulations on your newfound fame! I knew you had it in you!]]

Isabella praised her and Calista's smile grew even bigger.

"Thank you! Thank you so much for this opportunity, I couldn't have done it without you!" Calista was quick to show her appreciation.

[[I called to congratulate you and remind you that you're a representation of JPD.]]

Isabella informed her, and this reminded Calista about her position.

She couldn't act as she pleased because she was working for this agency.

"Am I going to be assigned a PR agent?" Calista caught on right away.

But all she got was a giggle from the other side of the phone.

[[No, no. We believe in free-form expression here. I want everything you say to be something that resonates with you.]]

Calista was confused because this gave her complete freedom to do as she pleased.

However, she knew the lines not to cross when interacting with the audience.

Any bad interaction had the potential to change the public view of her.

She was all too familiar with cancel culture to be taken off guard and fortunately for her, she had a little media training.

It was part of the package that came with the numerous modelling gigs she attended.

"I understand! Thank you so much once again, I'm eternally grateful!" Calista showed her gratitude.

Isabella knew she might have rejected her application without Kyle's intervention.

Calista was here because of Kyle and she had no idea, thinking it was her skills that got her here.

The gamble paid off because Calista's sudden trend shot the JPD agency to the top 500.

Applications were at an all-time high and Isabella knew that they couldn't handle this much talent.

[[Don't thank me yet, we are just getting started.]] Isabella reassured her.

They spoke for a few minutes before the conversation came to an end.

She wondered if she could call Kyle to break this news to him but found herself overthinking this decision.

Kyle had a woman pick up his phone the last time he called and she couldn't stomach the thought of that same woman picking up the phone.

Ella revealed her roommate was living with her boyfriend temporarily when she offered up her place for Calista to visit.

"Damn it! I hate not having control!" Calista murmured.

Kyle had taken away all the advantages she would have had by nonverbally showing her that she was the one replaceable.

She stared at his name but for some reason, she felt the floodgates open between her legs.

Calista kept staring at his name, her hand sliding down her navel and into her panties.

"You made me this way, you asshole," Calista muttered under her breath, sliding her finger up and down her slit.

She spread her legs as wide as she could, laying on her bed, a finger making a way in.

"Hmmmm~!"

Calista's moans filled the room, her fingers sliding in and out of her, soaked in her juices.

Not once taking her eyes off his name.

"K-Kyle~!"

Her voice was muffled and she began to grind on her finger aggressively.

She looked like a belly dancer possessed by a succubus, she bit her lips.

She had no idea what came over but there was something about having a man like Kyle.

The fact that he could very well be fucking another woman right now made her coochie drip.

What face was he making her make?

Did he fuck her as rough as he did her?

These thoughts were meant to repulse her but Calista was touching herself to it.

The satisfaction that regardless of the women he fucked, none will make him cum like she did.

"F-Fuck…~! I'm so close~!" Calista moaned, clasping her thighs shut.

But at that moment, her phone rang, it was Kyle.

Calista stared at it, the fact that Kyle called her at this moment.

"A-Are you thinking of me too?~" Calista's mind blanked, not knowing when she lowered her phone onto her clit to stimulate it.

D-Do you like that!?~ You pervert!~" Calista barked and before she knew it.

Her body convulsed like an evil spirit just left it, and her legs shook with her eyes rolled to the back of her head.

"F-Fuck!~ I'm cumming~!" Calista muttered, barely audible as she had an aggressive orgasm.

Her body tensed before collapsing on the bed.

The phone stopped ringing at that moment.

Calista took out her finger and licked her juices off them.

She giggled at this, this was the first time in her life a man had made her feel this way sexually.

"What the hell was that?" Calista was surprised by the aftermath of this.

But she liked it, she liked this sensation.

And the question lingered in her mind, what had Kyle turned her into.

-

"That is weird, she didn't pick up," Kyle thought to himself before placing his phone into his pocket.

"Is something bothering you?" A lady opposite him questioned, to which Kyle dismissed with a headshake.

"Nothing at all," Kyle responded.

He was in the waiting area of an office, clearly waiting to meet someone of importance.

Kyle wanted to congratulate Calista, Isabella called him first to break the news to him.

And express her surprise that everything turned out as Kyle had predicted

"Judge Travis will see you now," The secretary informed Kyle.

Kyle smiled at her and thanked her because this could potentially be the most important moment in Cassandra's life and it was in his hand.

If he could accomplish this task, there was no way that Cassandra would ever be able to repay.

This would secure her loyalty to him and him alone.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 162 - 162: Judge Travis.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was face-to-face with the judge who pulled the strings, holding a briefcase. Kyle wore glasses, which he had put on before entering the office—strange, considering he didn't need them in the first place.

He was surprised he had even managed to get an audience, considering this was an important figure—or at least, that's what he had been told. Kyle had to pay a substantial amount to secure the meeting and demonstrate a glimpse of his financial wealth. In total, he had spent $1,000,000 to show that he was a serious person. The judge knew that Kyle was a big spender and agreed to meet with him as soon as possible.

He had been discreet. The payment couldn't be traced back to him, nor could it be retrieved if it was found that he was guilty. Travis was a man prepared for these types of situations, but Kyle was about to exploit his willingness to bend the law to his advantage.

"Hello, Judge Travis. I must say, you're a very busy man," Kyle began the conversation.

The man, well into his fifties, was much older than Kyle had expected, though he also looked emaciated, despite his bulging stomach threatening to burst out of his shirt.

"Kyle, was it? Is there something you need my help with?" Travis asked, getting straight to the point. He was a busy man and wanted to wrap this up quickly.

Kyle was wearing a wire, but there was something he planned to do that he hadn't informed Priscilla about. He knew she would stop him, but he needed it on record.

"That's right, I'm Kyle. As a matter of fact, there is something," Kyle responded with a smile. "A man doesn't pay this much if he doesn't need your help."

"Pay? Is this some kind of joke?" Travis replied.

"He's good," Kyle thought to himself. Travis's body language gave nothing away, and if Kyle didn't know what he was involved in, he would assume the man was innocent. But Kyle trusted his instincts—his instincts were all he could be sure about.

"Hahaha, I'm just trying to break the ice. The truth is, I need your help with an ongoing case," Kyle confessed.

"And what may that be? If you have evidence that could help the case, you may present it now," Travis said, but this was code for a bribe.

Kyle smirked. Travis was careful. Even though Kyle was wearing a wire, he hadn't said anything that could incriminate him.

Kyle reached into his briefcase and pulled out one of the largest envelopes Travis had ever seen. Travis's eyes dropped in disbelief, and he had to double-check that his eyes weren't deceiving him. This had to be well over a million. But the judge was confused—what could Kyle possibly need help with? He could only assist with cases assigned to him, and there wasn't a case in his current docket that would warrant such a hefty fee.

Travis looked up at Kyle with confusion, but one thing was certain: Kyle had his undivided attention.

["I want you to give my friend, Justin, full custody of the child, and also deny the mother any access to the child. Please, do not inform him because I know he's already sweetened the pot with you, but this is my way to make sure nothing goes south. Think of it as my gift to him while satisfying your sweet tooth."]

Kyle informed Travis via a handwritten note, which could easily be destroyed. This made it impossible for Priscilla, who was listening in, to decipher his intentions.

Travis knew that Kyle was a man of substance because, as the walls had ears, this was something that couldn't be tied back to either of them.

"I see, this is new information," Travis said, his smile oozing with distaste.

Again, this was an unusually large fee for something so trivial. He would have been happy to accept a few hundred thousand, but this made the offer even harder to turn down.

"Thank you very much for your time," Kyle said, though the irony wasn't lost on him. He should have been able to sway the judge in Cassandra's favor, but instead, he had chosen the opposite.

It was a strange decision, but Kyle didn't want Priscilla to act until the verdict was given. If the judge was dismissed without issuing a verdict, the custody battle would continue. But if the judge gave a verdict and it came to light that it had been manipulated, the person who benefited from it would lose the trial by default.

This meant there would be no need for a trial, and Cassandra would have full access to her child, with no need to give the father any right to see him.

It was extreme, and Kyle knew Cassandra wouldn't want that because a child needs his father. But Kyle wasn't willing to gamble on the father entering the child's life and poisoning his mind against his mother. He was taking matters into his own hands, removing the father from the equation.

Priscilla, on the other end, was wondering why things had gone quiet but soon realized that Travis had been careful to avoid saying anything that could implicate him. Kyle had likely caught on and played it cool, but there was no clear evidence to prove the exchange had even happened. That meant she had no case to press and would have to wait for Kyle to return with a proper update.

She didn't have to wait long before Kyle came out of the building. Priscilla wasn't in the same vehicle as him, but he called her to brief her on what had happened. He informed her of the exchange and how it was a success but that he hadn't been able to gather any evidence otherwise.

This was a lie. It was 2024, and Kyle didn't need outdated methods like a wire to get evidence. The glasses he had worn confirmed everything visually. This included the money exchange and the message written on the envelope.

Travis had been careful—but not careful enough. The amount Kyle had spent to get an audience with him made him drop his guard because no one would be foolish enough to spend that much money only to squander it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 163 - 163: Date With Ella?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle had set in motion a series of events that would ultimately shape Cassandra's life.

The decision he took to isolate Justin from his son but Kyle's true motive was unknown.

It was unknown how long he had this thought in his mind either.

He knew what a broken home could do to a child so being an active participant contradicted everything he had said earlier.

But it was no secret that Kyle did what he thought was right without any second thought even though he has been highly manipulative to those around him.

This was how the world was, it treated him this way too and he accepted the hand he was dealt.

The universe didn't owe him any special treatment yet he was getting it for some reason.

He had no idea where his system came from or how it came to be.

But he was worried that it wouldn't last forever, assuming it had a clock until it disappeared.

Either way, he was set for life even if he decided to spend a million every day for the rest of his life.

Kyle knew that greed was the downfall of every man but this didn't mean he wasn't aiming to be the world's richest man.

There was no limit to what he could do with that status, he could rub shoulders with Presidents and some of the most powerful men in the world.

Kyle had a goal in mind and it was all within his reach but he was in no hurry to attain them.

He needed to enjoy every moment because once he reached a certain status, all eyes would be on him.

Kyle was on his way to meet Cassandra but to his utmost surprise, his phone rang while he was driving.

Kyle took a deep breath before parking his car, the last thing he needed was to break the law by doing something this silly even though it was nearly impossible for him to crash his car due to his car handling.

He checked his phone and saw it was a call coming in from Ella, he could have easily ignored it until he reached his destination,

That would have been the convenient thing to do but Kyle entertained the idea that it might be something serious.

"Hello?" Kyle began the conversation despite Ella being the one who called.

[[Hi Kyle! I just wanted to remind you of our meet-up today!]] Ella sounded a little too excited.

Kyle was a bit surprised by the energy she was exhibiting considering it was just a little hangout.

However, he realized that giving her this much access to him could potentially be a bad thing.

Kyle didn't forget but also didn't see it as a big deal but he could understand why Ella was this excited.

"How could I forget! It is not every day one gets to hang with a celebrity," Kyle teased and he could hear Ella's giggle at the other end of the phone.

[[Oh stop!]] Ella gushed, receiving the treatment she gave Calista.

"You have been busy these past few days, it is almost like you have relinquished Jane to me," Kyle indirectly asked what she has been up to.

[[You wish! I have been busy with a friend I made…]] Ella revealed without much persuasion.

"A friend? People can tolerate you?" Kyle questioned.

[[Fuck you! I met her at your club.]] Ella revealed and this was what caught his attention.

"You met her at my club?" Kyle instantly knew who she was talking about but Calista made no mention of this even though it was none of his business.

[[She is a real beauty as well. You should see her.]] Ella bragged but only if she knew that Kyle was not only seeing her but fucking her.

Kyle sighed not knowing what Calista was up to but it was clear she was doing her little research about Jane through Ella,

Even he could tell that much but that was where his curiosity ended.

"Wear something nice tonight. I think a change of venue would do us both some good., Kyle informed Ella.

[[Don't worry, I'm taking you somewhere fancy so YOU wear something nice!]] Ella flipped the script on him.

"Damn, my mistress is about to treat me to some fancy food? I feel like a pretty college drop-out," Kyle gushed and Ella laughed hard at the other end.

[[You play too much! And why a college drop-out!?]] Ella exclaimed.

"I don't usually do this; I'm only trying to pay for college…" Kyle said in a timid voice. He was irritated at first by this conversation but now had a big smile on his face.

This was what he needed to unwind and Ella was providing that release.

Kyle had no idea how much she was paid because Isabella handled that at her discretion.

He trusted that Isabella would make sure she was well paid; they weren't short of money.

[[Stop it! This shouldn't be this funny!]] Ella was laughing her ass out at the other end, Kyle couldn't contain the laughter of his own.

"I look forward to seeing you tonight, Ella. And don't worry, I will wear something nice," Kyle responded, sounding a lot more like himself.

The conversation came to an end and Kyle knew this was an opportunity to find out what Ella had been talking about with her new friend.

He wouldn't get a better chance than this and planned to exploit it.

If Calista was going to pose a threat then he would have no choice but to get rid of her.

He still had his card, Kyle had a gym bag at the back of his car.

That was because he planned to branch where Aiysha worked.

If need be, he was ready to begin his workout today but the air in this gym felt different from the one he was used to.

He couldn't help but feel intimidated because everyone was in such great shape.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 164 - 164: Ella Takes Charge!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle returned home and to his utmost surprise, noticed that Jane had already picked out the clothes she wanted him to wear on his hangout with Ella.

He didn't know how to react to this but the gesture was appreciated.

Kyle noticed what she had laid out and was impressed by her sense of fashion but it was partly due to Jane having more information than Kyle, himself, was given.

Kyle smiled at her before reaching for the bed and getting a closer look.

"This is pretty nice," Kyle complimented her.

"You like it?" Jane's face lit up and Kyle nodded to confirm it.

She had a unique sense of fashion because there was no way that Kyle would have thought of wearing this.

It was a simple, loose shirt covered in sunflowers, something one would wear on a beach, but the trousers were black.

It was a corporate trouser, Kyle knew he could tuck it in to give himself a dazzling look.

"You know where she's taking me, don't you?" Kyle read between the lines.

Jane couldn't hide her excitement, she knew that she would ruin the surprise if she split.

"I'm not telling…" Jane told him right away; not willing to divulge the information given to her.

"You know… I have ways of making you talk," Kyle said, leaning in but Jane managed to back away at the last second.

"S-Stop," Jane's voice trembled because she hadn't had sex with Kyle ever since she lost her virginity and her body craved him more than she knew.

The moment she was close to him, she could hear a heartbeat develop between her legs.

She couldn't wrap her around it but it made it hard to concentrate around him.

"You don't want me to, do you?" Kyle asked but Jane was speechless.

She had to get out of that situation or she would lose her willpower to resist this temptation.

Kyle watched Jane run out of the room like she had run into a serial killer.

He shook his head with a smile but liked that he was part of their little friend group.

Moreover, it took a special kind of bond to trust each other this much.

It wasn't common for a friend to try and sneak her friend by presenting herself as a potential replacement.

Kyle was in the top 1% so it wouldn't be strange if that was enough to get friends to turn on one another.

Jane and Ella were different, they looked after each other and respected the boundaries that came with a relationship.

Ella already tested Kyle when they first met even though the only reason Kyle could pass was because he knew what she was doing.

If Aiysha was to do something like that, there was no way he wouldn't give in to the temptation.

Kyle wasn't a god, he was just a man when it came to it and under the right conditions, he would betray himself.

Kyle got up for his little hangout and realized how good he looked but also wondered if this was too much.

It would be awkward if he overdressed but despite Ella and Jane seemingly having a transparent relationship.

Kyle realized that Ella never informed Jane about the first message she had sent to him.

Was she as transparent as he thought or did she only tell her first because there was a chance she would hear it from somewhere else?

Jane was too excited, her 'boyfriend' and best friend were getting along, and this was the first time that Ella approved of the person she had shown interest in.

Kyle was like a man that the universe created specifically for her and there was no way she was going to let that be in vain.

She kissed Kyle before waving him goodbye.

"Why is she so excited?" Kyle thought to himself but knew it was Jane.

There was no need to overthink it because it certainly wasn't malicious.

He got down and to his surprise, there was a limousine waiting outside for him.

Kyle raised a brow because he wasn't sure if it was for him but the timing was too perfect.

"Are you getting in or are you waiting for me to hold the door open for you?" Ella's voice echoed within.

A smile creased Kyle's face. She was truly taking control of this little date she had planned.

Kyle planned to enjoy every moment of it because he knew this moment wouldn't happen again.

"What kind of lady lets a man open his door?" Kyle responded with an exaggerated posture.

There was something about a man being playful that made it easier for people to connect with him, this includes people well advanced in age.

Ella opened the door for Kyle but Kyle didn't move, the way they interacted made it look like they had been friends forever.

This was the skill that Kyle acquired after years of working in customer care, he learned how to interact with people as well as what they responded to.

Ella stepped out of the car and Kyle's playful smile soon changed into one of utter surprise.

She had on a skirt that hung right above her knees, revealing the tattoo up her thigh.

The blouse she had was both simple yet elegant, she certainly didn't make any attempt at concealing her cleavage.

It hung out for all to see, more accurately for him to see, Kyle expected her to dress a lot more reserved considering the nature of their relationship.

"Are you okay?" Ella asked but Kyle quickly pushed this thought off his head.

"I'm good… But you certainly look better," Kyle complimented her.

"You don't look too shabby yourself," Ella responded without hesitation.

"Now get in! We have a lot to do tonight," Ella barked at him.

The tone she used to talk to him when they first met; now took a drastic turn.

"A woman that can take charge? Did someone turn on the furnace or-!" Before Kyle could complete his sentence, Ella shoved him from behind and into the car with both laughing

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 165 - 165: Date Night With Ella Takes An Odd Turn.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was on a date with Ella, he was surprised that she brought him somewhere so expensive.

It was easily over $1,000 to secure reservations.

Kyle would have been swooped off his feet if he didn't have the recent experience granted to him by his system.

This would have been the best moment of his life otherwise but regardless, it was a nice gesture from Ella.

One he knew people would have a hard time reciprocating but was curious how she came into contact with such an amount of money.

He knew it was from the show but just how much was she paid?

Kyle knew not to ask her when he could simply ask Isabella, she was accountable to him.

"Don't be afraid, eat to your heart's content," Ella urged him.

She wanted Kyle to eat his fill even though Kyle didn't want to run down her bill just because he had permission to.

However, he also knew he shouldn't eat anything too cheap or she would feel insulted for bringing him all the way here.

This was why he chose the meals that sat in the middle in terms of price range.

The waitresses were stunning but Ella noticed that Kyle didn't once check anyone out.

This was strange, she wouldn't hold it against him if he stole a glance or two.

He was a man and even she found herself stealing glances at them.

"He's so weird…" Ella thought to herself as she watched Kyle eat the food in front of him with such concentration that he couldn't register what else was going on in the world.

Ella had to look away soon after when she realized she was staring at Kyle a little too much.

"Hey Kyle…" Ella's voice had a tone that sounded both confused and uncertain prompting Kyle to look at her with a mouth filled with lobsters.

"Is there something wrong?" Kyle questioned after swallowing it.

"No, no! I know I have said this numerous times but I don't take what you have done for us for granted," Ella began.

"When my parents died…" Ella stopped herself from speaking, realizing that she was about to ruin the mood.

"You know what? How are you enjoying the food!?" Ella tried to dismiss the conversation altogether. Kyle could tell that she was ready to talk about it but now wasn't the time so he wasn't going to push it either.

"Also… are you gay?" Ella added before Kyle could respond to her earlier set of questions.

Her eyes watched him closely to judge his reaction.

"Damn Ella, you have thanked me enough already and I'm about to make you regret bringing me here shortly as well so we're good. The food is good but my company is better…" Kyle responded, taking a brief pause.

He wasn't offended nor did he get defensive after she asked him that question.

"Gay? Please don't tell me you're trying to take me home…" Kyle responded, slowly covering his partially exposed collarbone with his shirt like a woman would do her cleavage if a man made inappropriate or suggestive comments.

Ella laughed a little too loud before clasping her mouth shut when she realized that eyes were on her.

She forgot for a second that this was a high-class restaurant but Kyle didn't mind her reaction.

"Stop before they kick us out!" Ella composed herself before saying.

Kyle could tell she was a little embarrassed by her reaction and the fact that all eyes were on her for disrupting their peace.

"Why are you asking that question to begin with?" Kyle asked, taking a sip of his drink.

"We have been here and not once have you looked at the waitresses… Not even once," Ella brought this to his attention.

"Why look at the waitress when I have you to look at for the night? Wouldn't it be rude to do that?" Kyle complimented Ella and noticed the shift in her body.

She no longer knew what to do with her hands and ultimately placed them on the table.

Kyle noticed that it wasn't necessarily what he said but the eyes that were on her.

She was an artist so it was strange that she would react this way, she should be used to performing in front of crowds.

"Does she feel like she doesn't belong here?" Kyle thought to himself.

He could see her eyes weren't focused but also knew that she had heard what he had said regarding her.

Kyle got up to his feet suddenly, and everyone's attention shifted to him.

"H-Hey! What are you doing?" Ella whispered, wanting him to sit back down.

"The first five people to finish their food get $10,000,000 each," Kyle said and the restaurant fell silent. This was a lot of money and Ella's jaw dropped.

She knew he was rich but this was on a whole other level and the people she thought were supposedly better than her began to eat their food like it was their last supper.

Kyle nonverbally showed her that these people would forfeit their pride for the sake of money.

Kyle's words weren't enough to convince them but the black card he held up was.

He sat back down and looked at Ella who was still in shock by what he had just done.

"W-WHY DID YOU DO THAT!?" Ella asked in a hushed voice.

"Because they made you uncomfortable, that is all. You're my date so your comfort is my priority…" Kyle informed her with a stern voice that surprised even her.

"He spent $50,000,000 just to make me feel comfortable?" Ella's thoughts couldn't comprehend this.

"Hold up! Don't think I'm paying for the food! I'm going to run you to the ground!" Kyle reiterated with a triumphant giggle as he returned to his and Ella's heart began to beat at a rapid pace.

She couldn't contain her smile before responding.

"Not if I run myself into the ground first!"

"That doesn't even make any sense," Kyle added and both of them laughed out loud.

The only difference was that Ella no longer cared about who could hear her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 166 - 166: The Black Sheep
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle got into the car. The night was a lot of fun, and neither of them had anything alcoholic to drink.

It was a good moment for them and they slowly realized that Jane brought them together.

She was the one who made the moment possible because she trusted Ella around Kyle and vice-versa.

Ella was glad that this man was in their lives. She had her reservations, but Kyle did something that she was certain no one would ever do for her in this lifetime. That warmed her heart. She felt safe with Kyl, and that was something she had never felt before, even in her past relationships.

"Are you alright?" Kyle asked, Ella was a lot quieter than when they came here.

"I'm great…" Ella responded with a broad smile on her face prompting Kyle to shrug.

Kyle was comfortable with silence but he also knew that the date coming to an end.

It was ideal to ask her about her parents, the high had settled.

The adrenaline and festive mode had been toned down so this was the perfect time to further that conversation.

"Do you have something to get off your chest? I'm willing to listen," Kyle said softly, offering her a listening ear.

Once he knew she needed more than she let on, if everything worked out then he would be an integral part of her life that would help keep Jane under control in his absence.

She wouldn't poison her mind either because Jane might be a lady he fancied but she was naive when it came to men.

He couldn't protect all the time but with Ella's help, it should be possible.

"No, no. I'm fine, I promise!" Ella responded in an upbeat manner.

If it was any other girl, they would have their phone out to take pictures and post everywhere on social media just to show the world that they are 'living' but Ella didn't look at her phone even when it rang.

Kyle appreciated this little gesture, it was a respectful one even though she did glance at it.

Whoever was calling might just not have been important.

"I just realized I know nothing about you," Kyle pointed out, this was his attempt to make her tell him about herself without making her feel like she was imposing.

"Hahaha! My life is nothing exciting," Ella downplayed the importance of this attempted interaction.

"I will decide that…" Kyle said and Ella knew he was too stubborn to let it go.

"Fine, fine… If you yawn, I'm punching you in the mouth," Ella threatened.

"Damn…" Kyle said before bringing out his phone and putting it to his ear.

"Yes, the pizza is violent," Kyle whispered into it prompting Ella to giggle.

It was hard to believe this man was the man who just blew $50,000,000 to make her feel better.

But this loosened her up and it was enough to get her to talk.

-

A young girl, aged 11, was sitting right in front of the television but one would expect her to be watching cartoons however that wasn't the case.

Ella was watching a rock band blasting through the speakers.

Their parents were rarely around because the mother wasn't a housewife, she had her goals and career that her husband supported.

This was why they had the money they did, they made fairly the same amount and this meant that they provided a sort of luxury that allowed their children that safety net should things not work out for them in the future.

However, their children were representations of them, their daughters were meant to be literal princesses because that would look good for the family.

Ella was anything but this, she was a strange child who acted more like a boy than a girl.

"Why do you always watch these weird things?" A voice asked behind her.

It was her older sister, Cleopatra with an apple in hand, Cleopatra had unusually pale skin that made her look like a ghost.

"Leave me alone Patty!" Ella barked at her but Cleopatra didn't give much of a reaction.

All she did was take the remote and change the channel to something that she wanted to watch.

"WHY DID YOU DO THAT!? I WAS HERE FIRST!" Ella barked at her.

Cleopatra didn't pay her any attention because she knew that Ella wouldn't do anything more than throw a tantrum.

A woman walked into the room, she looked exhausted and one could tell by her tired face that whatever job she was doing was a handful.

"Cleo, that isn't very nice. Let your sister finish her…!" The lady interrupted.

"She was watching adult music… Screaming sociopaths…" Cleopatra said, pausing as she looked at her younger sister.

"No wonder you're so messed up," Cleopatra said.

"CLEO!" The lady gasped, she hated when she did this and before she could look down to comfort Ella.

Tears already welled up in her eyes and she immediately ran to her room but not before saying.

"I HATE YOU!"

Cleopatra didn't seem affected by this but this woman was, kissing her teeth in frustration as she ran to comfort Ella.

She knew it was her job to take care of the kids and house, fights between siblings were normal however it didn't mean those fights couldn't have long-lasting effects on their relationship.

C; Cleopatra might have been too young to understand this but she knew that Ella was far from her family's favourite.

She tried to get in but Ella had locked the door behind her.

"Ella, let me in sweetheart," The lady pleaded but all she heard from the back of the door was sobbing.

Unlike Ella, Cleopatra was a spoiled child who got everything she wanted even without trying.

She was favoured by her mother especially because she was the ideal representation of the female child.

Ella was the outcast and the lady that took care of them knew she had to find a way to make Ella feel loved and Ella knew that she cared about her.

This was why the door was unlocked shortly after to let her in.

Ella walked back to her bed, brought her knees up and buried her face in them.

This was the first core memory that Ella established of her maid, Veronica.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 167 - 167: Comfort In Despair.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ella was an impressionable child, and it was important that her formative years had some sort of foundation for her to take off from. Veronica did her best, but there was only so much she could do at this point, because, at the end of the day, she was an employee to the family. She didn't answer to the kids; she answered to the parents, as they were the recognized authority of the household.

That night, Veronica decided to talk to the parents about the situation, hoping in her heart that it would go well. It was normal to get emotionally attached to the kids, especially when you have been taking care of them for years, but this wasn't the case. The meeting got little to no response from the parents, who dismissed Veronica's concerns and realized that she wasn't a good fit for the position. Veronica lost her job that night, and in a way, Ella lost her 'mother'—the only woman who cared enough to go out of her way to see if she was okay. And she lost her overnight. Ella blamed herself for this, thinking it was because she cried all the time, so Veronica had to speak on her behalf, which ultimately cost her the job.

It took less than 24 hours for her parents to find a replacement for Veronica. It was a job in high demand. Unfortunately for Ella, this new caretaker wasn't as compassionate as Veronica. If anything, she didn't establish any emotional connection to the children. She also preferred Cleopatra to Ella, making Ella feel even more isolated. She didn't do anything when Cleopatra verbally abused Ella, simply typing away at her phone without a care in the world.

This was the beginning of Ella's spiral, as she resorted to other means to get attention, ultimately causing a divide. Cleopatra didn't care much about her sister, but that was due to mirroring how their parents treated her.

-

Kyle listened intently. He knew the rest of the story from Jane, but hearing Ella's side made Jane's version make even more sense. Kyle understood why Jane met that version of Ella. It all connected, but Kyle didn't feel any hate coming from her when she spoke about her parents. She didn't hate them, so that made it even stranger as to why she didn't attend their funeral.

"I heard about your parents passing…" Kyle said, and he could see the sadness in her eyes.

"You know, I never got along with them, but they loved me the best they could…" Ella confessed, pausing for a second as she couldn't believe she let this information slip. However, Kyle didn't say a word, giving her the platform to continue.

"You know, love isn't so linear. Maybe they loved me the way their parents loved them. Even when they sent me to a boarding school, I realized that they were showing me what kind of life awaited me if I continued with my lifestyle…" Ella was making excuses for them, trying to rationalize why they did what they did. But there was some sense in what she said. The parents knew the lifestyle she chose, and there was no way that it would be accepted because they were from old money.

"Do you know what's funny?" Ella asked, but Kyle knew this was rhetorical.

"What?" Kyle asked, once again not only showing he was listening but giving her permission to continue.

"I did all of that because I always thought my sister's skin was beautiful. I wanted to be like her so bad, and then I stumbled upon rock," Ella revealed.

It was no secret that rock artists tend to paint their skin, so in a sense, they looked like Cleopatra. This was what drew her to that kind of music in the first place.

"God, I'm so stupid," Ella muttered, knowing that all of this might have been a mistake.

"I didn't attend my parents' funeral. I actually didn't attend it…" Ella repeated, as if she just came to a realization. Tears welled up in her eyes. "I was a disappointment to them in life and in death," Ella's sobs became more intense.

Kyle knew she sought comfort and not advice. All he needed to do was be present. Words wouldn't do any good. Ella told him this because she needed to get it off her chest. In the end, people weren't as strong as they present themselves.

Kyle simply pulled her into a hug, and Ella sobbed profusely into his chest. Not a single word left his lips, and this was the right choice.

Ella proposed that the car drop Kyle off first, but Kyle objected, insisting that Ella should be the one to get home first so he would know that she arrived safely. He couldn't risk her going home in this emotional state, so it was his duty to accompany her.

Ella didn't cry all the way there and was able to regain control of her emotions. She hadn't told Jane this yet, but found herself sharing this part of herself with Kyle. Kyle tried to joke with her to lighten the mood, and fortunately, this worked.

They arrived at her house shortly after, and Kyle knew at that moment that this place would be a constant reminder of the event that happened a few weeks back. He didn't want to come here and be reminded of that each time—it was something he was trying his hardest to forget after all.

"Ella, before you go, there's something I want to say," Kyle said, sounding serious.

"You don't have to, Kyle…" Ella knew what he was about to say, or at least thought she did.

"I'm not in your shoes. I can't say I understand what you went through, but I know the present you… And I'm certain there is not a single person on this planet who wouldn't be proud to have you as their daughter, even if you were a little emo devil when you were younger…" Kyle said, only interrupted by Ella's laughter through her sobs that had reemerged.

"So, how about it?" Kyle asked, prompting a confused Ella, who was busy wiping the tears from her eyes, to reply.

"How about what?" Ella asked.

"Let's all go together to the place that made your heart ache. Let's go to where it all began," Kyle said, and Ella's eyes lit up in shock, but a smile soon followed.

"I would love that very much,"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 168 - 168: Big Reveal.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle had provided Ella something she couldn't anywhere else and the best part about all of this was there was nothing sexual planned.

This was simply Klye being a good person and helping someone hurting.

Kyle returned home but wasn't bothered by the money he had spent that night.

It was worth it because it allowed Ella to be vulnerable with him.

When Kyle returned home, it was well past 11 p.m., yet Kyle came home to see Jane curled up on the couch with a blanket over her.

She was falling in and out of sleep, on the brink of slumber and Kyle could tell that she had been waiting for him to return all this time because she was worried about him.

It brought a smile to his face because she wasn't aware enough to even know he had returned.

Kyle walked up to her slowly and gently placed a kiss on her forehead that jolted her awake.

"Hey, beautiful…" Kyle whispered gently, Jane leapt up because she thought it was an intruder and the top of her head slammed into Kyle's jaw, clamping it shut.

"Ouch!" Kyle exclaimed and that was when her sleepy brain registered what was going on.

This, however, told Kyle that Jane was still reeling from the effects of that day even if it was normal to have this reaction when startled.

However, this wasn't the first time that Kyle was doing this but he had never done it under these conditions either.

Kyle wondered if there was something she wasn't telling him even if he had no intentions of pushing it.

Kyle scooped her up, the increase in his physical strength was evident and Jane didn't struggle.

She simply buried her head into his chest like a child.

-

The night wasn't like that for everyone else.

Calista was having a blast online, going through the comments and enjoying the attention she was getting because she knew that this was something that she couldn't get elsewhere.

In her mind, she was at the pinnacle of the attention that came with it.

Calista noticed a particular comment that bothered her, she saw someone spam a laughing emoji beneath the picture with a link attached to it.

Calista knew she had acted in a few despicable movies in the past but it wasn't something she was particularly ashamed of.

Even though the movies would sway the opinion of the public in directions she couldn't predict.

Calista didn't fret because there wasn't any nudity and it was mostly softcore porn,

It was anything but explicit, to say the least, and Calista understood this.

Before she knew it, the comment gained traction and clips of those movie scenes began to trend but it had a positive effect as her following shot up X10, entering the hundreds of thousands.

Why was this? The movies that sexualized her allowed men to connect her to their fantasies a lot more accurately.

It was the sex symbol effect but of course, not everyone liked them as there were negative comments but Calista couldn't care less.

There was no such thing as bad traction, she was trending and even the bad comments at this moment elevated her.

"AHHHH!" Calista exclaimed even though she wanted to have a proper acting career without any connection to her past movies or rather, she wanted to make a name for herself before these things came to light.

She sighed but it was no skin off her back, this was one of those things that didn't phase her.

She has been called a lot worse because if there was something women didn't like, it was a woman more attractive than her.

They would do everything in their power to bring down that woman the moment she has the attention of other men.

Calista has been a victim of that in the past so this was nothing.

"Huh?" Calista muttered to herself because the next thing that was trending was pictures of her and Kyle entering the building with a caption.

[[Bro! Look at the fuckin' ride she drives!]]

Calista realized that this was moving a bit too quickly, the information was pouring out like it was some sort of controlled promotion campaign.

But then it happened, Kyle's face was revealed coming out of the building with a caption.

[[Who the f*ck is this fucker?]]

Calista didn't know if this was a good or bad thing but a smile crept up on her face as she realized that she had succeeded in her original plan.

Even if it wasn't the way she wanted it to be.

But she decided to go through her message request to see if there was anyone of importance who messaged her but she got a surprise.

[[Do you know Kyle?]]

The message read and Calista was hesitant to open it because something told her she wouldn't like what she saw.

But she couldn't contain her curiosity and before she knew it, her fingers tapped It.

[[Do you know Kyle!? Please if you do, call XXX-XXX-XXX! IT IS URGENT!]]

The fact that this person knew Kyle by his name meant that they no doubt knew who he was.

She checked the username and it simply read, User1345810.

The account was created a couple of hours ago, Calista knew it was for this purpose, it was to contact her.

She knew that Kyle was nearly killed but she didn't know about the relationships he shared with the attacker.

But because of that event, she wasn't going to tell this ghost any information regarding him.

However, there was no harm in informing Kyle about this, if anything she knew Kyle would want to know.

Calista looked at the time but decided to take a gamble.

The worst that could happen at that moment was him not picking up the phone either way, there was nothing to lose.

Calista called him, the phone rang exactly seven times before it was kicked.

"Hey babe…" Calista began the conversation.

[[Um… I'm sorry but Kyle is asleep…]] Jane responded but the confusion in her voice was clear.

Calista's heart sank not because a woman picked but because it was the same woman, that same damn voice.

Why the hell did she have access to Kyle's phone?

Calista had to remain cool because if this was truly his girlfriend then the last thing she needed was her becoming suspicious.

It would also mean that Kyle was cheating on Jane as well with her.

[[Oh wait…]] Jane responded but what happened next was something that Calista would have never predicted.

It was put on speaker and she could hear Kyle's voice at the other end.

Whoever this lady was, Kyle was secure enough for her to listen in on their private conversation.

It took everything in Calista not to reveal the nature of their relationship but her ego was satisfied because it was clear that Kyle's needs weren't being met if he was cheating with her.

Little did she know, Jane was a lady who shared a similar fate with her.

Jane never directly asked him the question because she was scared of the answer she would receive.

[[Why are you calling me this?]] Kyle asked but the tone he used, Calista could tell he was barely awake.

"This was a mistake…" Calista thought to herself before pretending like the signal was breaking and eventually ending the call.

She couldn't understand why but had no regret because this would no doubt cause some tension in Kyle's relationship with that woman.

-

The call came to an end and just like Calista assumed, Jane wanted to know who she was even though she didn't know how to compose her words.

She knew it was the same woman that had called him earlier. Kyle noticed her discomfort and knew he had to find a way to ease her worry.

"You're wondering who she is to me, aren't you?" Kyle questioned and Jane was too scared to look him in the eyes because deep within her, she knew the answer.

"Y-You don't have to tell me," Jane chose blissful ignorance because if it was as she thought, she could no longer live in the fantasy she had conjured up.

"Are you sure?" Kyle questioned; the fact that he was calm and not bothered by the situation.

That was clear because he allowed Jane to pick up his phone.

If he was trying to keep his life separate, he wouldn't have done this but this meant that Kyle was slowly easing everyone in.

Calista and Cassandra knew where they stood but now, he had planted the idea in Jane's head without directly talking to her about it.

"Do you want to know something?" Kyle asked her and Jane was trying her best to hide the shift in her mood.

"W-What?" Jane responded, her voice shaky.

"I think I'm in love with you, Jane," Kyle said and Jane's mind went blank at that moment.

Every worry she had a moment ago disappeared instantly and she realized at that moment, nothing would change even if Kyle was screwing other people.

It was too late for her, she couldn't do without him and he had just shown her that he too, couldn't do without her.

Was this a manipulation tactic on Kyle's end or did he genuinely mean it?

That was left to be seen.

.

.

.

A/N: It was my mom's birthday yesterday so took a day off but fear not, I have returned.

I will also be getting into the more serious parts of the story seeing as I have established a strong foundation for the harem so far.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 169 - 169: Meet With Yuki.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The sun came up and despite Kyle not being a social media person, he got a message from Aiysha informing him of his newfound fame.

Kyle had no idea what she was talking about so he checked online and saw that they had managed to get a picture of his face.

Kyle didn't think too much about this as this was one of those things that would fade over time.

He was going to be on the internet sooner or later either way considering the life he envisioned for himself.

Jane was asleep but Kyle was beginning to wonder if what she needed was a change in environment.

He needed to speak to Ella about moving from that apartment, if they needed financial help he was more than willing to offer that.

Kyle left Jane sleeping, he knew that she had trouble sleeping throughout last night.

He could feel her tossing and turning, this must be because of what he told her.

That or she was pondering how many women he was entertaining but Kyle didn't think too much about this because if it was easy to leave, she would have left.

No woman wanted a man other women didn't want and that was what made Kyle extremely attractive, not just his looks.

Kyle hopped in his car but his phone rang soon after, Kyle saw it was from a name he hadn't heard in quite some time.

"Hello Yuki… What can I do for you?" Kyle asked and the conversation was Yuki asking to meet as she was a representative of Nakamura.

Kyle agreed because this was business-related. Even though he would have preferred for Nakamura to host himself, he understood that he was a busy man.

Yuki chose the venue but Kyle knew he had to remind her that he was the one with the authority, it was a power play.

That was very important because even if she was the representative of Nakamura, she was still just an assistant.

Kyle made the venue his club, this was a play to show them that JPD wasn't the only thing he had under his possession to further reiterate his wealth without having to show them.

Kyle wasn't the face of it so it was unknown who the owner was to the public knowledge.

Yuki arrived there before Kyle, Kyle made her wait for no less than a minute before he arrived.

This not only showed that he respected her time but also etiquette for being punctual.

Yuki was treated well by Nate, who was given the heads-up by Kyle.

He gave her the VVIP treatment and gave her the best of the best.

Yuki was no stranger to trends and knew this place had not only just opened but did so with a bang because people were still talking about it.

She saw Kyle coming in and immediately got to her feet to show her respect.

"Good afternoon Miss Yuki.." Kyle greeted before gesturing for her to have a seat which she did without hesitation.

"Thank you for agreeing to meet with me," Yuki said but Kyle noticed that she hadn't ordered anything.

Despite being the assistant of such a powerful man, Yuki's payment was within the range you would expect from a regular assistant with some bonuses.

"You didn't order anything?" Kyle asked and Yuki tried to play it off like she was waiting for him.

"Don't worry, it is in the house," Kyle said and Yuki raised a brow by this statement because he wasn't in the position to determine this.

Kyle looked over at Nate, there were a few people here but they were all high spenders and the fact that smartphones were allowed meant that the people here might very well be celebrities or on their way to that status.

Nate came over to the table, Yuki thought that Kyle simply was a customer here and due to his wealth, he was naturally given preferential treatment.

"Nate, give Miss Yuki here anything she wants," Kyle instructed him but this wasn't the tone one would use on a bartender but an employee.

Yuki could discern this because she had been present for most of Nakamura's interactions and there was a shift in tone when he addressed employees who worked for him and employees that served him.

Nate looked at her expectantly, waiting for her to list out her order but Yuki already knew that she couldn't drink any alcohol considering this was a business meeting.

Yuki already made a bad first impression, the last thing she needed was to add to it.

She ordered a non-alcoholic energy drink but Kyle knew he had to keep the lines clear with her.

He couldn't treat her like he did a friend nor grant her too many favours.

However, the gesture Kyle had used allowed her to understand that this nightclub might belong to Kyle which means they had grossly miscalculated his wealth.

"I have come under instruction from Mr. Nakamura…" Yuki began, taking a sip from her drink.

Kyle knew she needed it from the way she looked, she resembled a vampire that hadn't eaten for centuries.

"I know, that is why I am. What is it that you need that you couldn't do over the phone? I would hate to think that Mr. Nakamura doesn't value my time," Kyle wasn't pleased with this in particular considering he had plans to start working out at Aiysha's gym.

"I would have done that but Mr. Nakamura was insistent on meeting up with you in person," Yuki insisted.

Kyle could tell by her exhausted face that she would have loved to do this over the phone.

"Very well then," Kyle responded, permitting Yuki to reveal the purpose of this meeting.

"Mr. Nakamura is impressed with your contribution and wishes to deepen your relationship by any means possible," Yuki said but there was something suggestive in her tone.

Kyle knew he couldn't make any assumptions until there was concrete proof to support this.

It was a business meeting, he had heard of such practices before where the women would offer up their bodies to secure deals.

However, Kyle wasn't attracted to Yuki and even if he was, he wouldn't want to touch them under such circumstances.

"That is correct," Yuki said, leaning in slightly but Kyle sighed because this all but confirmed what he thought but also knew that Yuki must not want to do this to begin with.

He pretended to be oblivious as to what she was attempting.

"I have no problem furthering my relationship with Mr. Nakamura but I'm more interested in seeing him than you," Kyle responded but Yuki leaned back with her eyes slightly squinted.

Kyle had framed it in such a way that made it seem like he was interested in Nakamura.

This would stop Nakamura from sending her but it was also a fun game for Kyle as he was curious to see if Nakamura would come onto him.

Even though he had no interest in men, he knew that this was something that would put Nakamura on guard but this was suggestive.

Yuki couldn't get the context so she couldn't make the connection but backed off because Kyle had shown willingness to deepen their relationship.

Kyle saw the relief in her eyes and knew he made the right call.

She reached for her bag and handed Kyle a gold-plated card, this easily cost tens of thousands but this was just an invitation card.

"Mr. Nakamura also told me to give you this in person, this is one of the main reasons we had to meet in person," Yuki said but this was crazy.

It was a gold-plated invitation card, no wonder she came all the way here.

They couldn't risk it being stolen or someone else gaining access to it.

Kyle checked if there was space for a plus-one but saw nothing, he didn't mind this either way considering he didn't even know what it was about.

It wasn't a meeting and more like a masked party but Kyle knew this was an opportunity to meet high-ranking individuals.

Kyle was making inroads in his climb to the top and Nakamura was going to be the one he stepped on to get to such heights.

The meeting was over with Yuki after they ironed out a few more details and Kyle saw that the date of the meeting was in two days.

That was more than enough time for him to get ready, the moment Yuki left the building.

Nate could tell it was a business meeting but didn't know how to approach Kyle to ask him.

"Finally, some fucking progress…" Kyle thought to himself but his phone vibrated to alert him of a message.

He looked down at him but Kyle noticed it was a picture, more accurately a screenshot from Calista showing the message that she was asking about him.

Kyle had no idea who this was but he permitted Calista to engage them in a conversation so he could figure out who it was.

He was never a social person nor had friends and the people he knew had direct access to him.

Kyle knew that his rise to fame would inevitably bring in leeches that would try to reestablish a connection with him and part of him hoped that this was his father.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 170 - 170: Gym Time With Aiysha!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle stayed a few minutes in the club to unwind, drinking multiple glasses of water.

He noticed that Nate might be capable of handling this place but he lacked the experience.

Kyle knew that this was an opportunity to bring Jones into the picture.

No, what if he brought Aiysha into this? There was only so much a gym trainer could earn.

This would boost their finances even though there was no need for either of them to work and they would be set for the rest of their lives.

However, neither wanted to sit around because there was a good chance that this would take time to take off.

There had to be a backup for that but Kyle didn't know how Jones would feel about it.

The last thing he needed was to cause a division in their marriage.

He hopped into his car and noticed he already got a message from Aiysha, asking him where he was.

Kyle knew he couldn't keep her waiting for too long because she had other clients to train even though she went out of her way to make a reservation for Kyle.

Kyle arrived after a couple of minutes and once again, this place screamed wealth.

Aisyah saw him parking his car from within the building, the transparent glass did little to conceal him.

However, Aiysha was dealing with a client and Kyle realized when their eyes met that his time had elapsed.

He gasped in disappointment because there was nothing that Kyle could do at this moment.

Kyle walked into the building, he had his gym bag slung across his shoulder.

He was swarmed in no time, trainers surrounded him and Aiysha's attention shifted from the person she was talking to and focused on Kyle.

"Excuse me for a moment please," Aiysha said before moving towards Kyle to make sure he knew that he was her responsibility.

"H-Hi! Sorry folks, this one is mine," Aiysha said, grabbing Kyle by the hand and leading him away from there.

"This reminds me of a salesperson, everyone trying their best to get their quota," Kyle said as Aiysha guided him into the gym.

Kyle saw all the equipment and the gym he had been going to until now didn't even come close.

Aiysha pointed to a room while handing him a key and Kyle knew that was the changing room for men.

He gave her an acknowledging nod and went there to change into his gym clothes.

Kyle could feel a few eyes on him but that was to be expected, he was a new face.

The moment Kyle walked into the room, he expected the room to have a certain stench that came from the obvious sweat of its members.

Yet, there wasn't any, if anything, it smelled pleasant.

Kyle noticed that there were air freshener canisters on the wall with a device that periodically expelled it into the air.

"They thought this out," Kyle thought to himself, he noticed that this gym had lockers with numbers on them.

He looked down at the key and saw the number 6, Kyle proceeded to find it but someone was standing right beside it.

He was naked but Kyle wasn't bothered by this because this was normal in locker rooms.

Kyle thought of something funny as he walked up to his locker.

The man looked at Kyle, initially thinking he was coming to talk to him but that wasn't the case.

Kyle looked at his cock before looking at him and saying.

"Nice cock," Kyle kept a straight face and could see the shock on the man's face.

"Hold it in…" Kyle thought to himself, trying his best not to laugh because the man looked like he had just heard the most sinister thing known to man.

"T-Thank you?" He sounded puzzled but he took a couple of steps back before turning away from Kyle.

"And even better behind," Kyle muttered.

"Come on man! What the fuck are you doing!?" The man turned around, sounding aggressive.

Kyle could no longer hold in his laughter and just laughed out loud like a maniac.

This startled the man, stopping in place as Kyle tried to catch his breath, Kyle had no idea why he did what he did but had no regrets.

"I-I am just fucking with you!" Kyle laughed out loud, the fact that he was a billionaire and had such childish humour added to his overall appeal.

The man looked irritated by this but had to keep his cool.

"Whatever man, do not do that shit again," He said as he made his way to the shower.

Kyle wiped the tears from his eyes and got dressed.

He went back out but Aisyah was nowhere to be seen, Kyle also noticed that the gym looked emptier.

"Did the rapture happen?" Kyle thought to himself with a raised brow only for someone to startle him.

"Boo!" Aiysha said; slightly nudging him, Kyle nearly jumped out of his clothes but managed to maintain his composure.

"You were scared!" Aiysha said with a giggle but Kyle shook his head adamantly.

"Scared? That little thing? Of course, I wasn't," Kyle brushed it off like.

"Say, where did everyone go?" Kyle asked and Aiysha realized that he was new to this gym so didn't know how things worked.

"They are in the private rooms, not all our members are comfortable training for all to see. It could be because of their reputation or overall self-esteem," Aiysha pointed out.

A unique feature that the gym he went to didn't have.

"And luckily for you, I could reserve a room for us," Aiysha said.

The top trainers were granted their own private space and Aiysha was given that privilege.

This meant that the top members were assigned to the top trainers seeing as they were the only ones with access to a private room.

The best of the best for the richest of the richest which Kyle ironically fits.

However, the extra charges were outrageous, a fee that deterred most people but Aiysha planned on giving Kyle a free pass.

He had already done so much for her family and if she could do him little favors like this then she wouldn't even think twice before doing them.

"Oh…" Kyle was surprised by this because he didn't expect Aiysha to go to such lengths even if he preferred privacy.

Kyle accepted her offer and walked into the private room designated to her.

He knew that turning her down would dampen the mood and she looked excited to begin this journey with him.

She was in tight shorts that left little to the imagination but judging by the way others dressed, it was a common theme and the crop top she wore suffocated the airbags on her chest.

If anything, it would be easier to have them exposed but Kyle noticed this had a zip.

She partially zipped it down for some breeze to blow on them but whatever those zips were made of had to be top-tier quality or they would have given in to the immense pressure exerted on them.

Kyle was alone with her but nothing could happen, despite how she was dressed because he could tell that she was a professional.

"How flexible are you?" Aiysha asked Kyle.

"As flexible as steel," Kyle responded with a thumbs up and a sheepish smile.

Aiysha shook her head in disbelief but she wasn't surprised by his response.

This was the version of Kyle she liked because it felt like she was talking to someone who wanted to be there.

"Come on… You can't be that stiff," Aiysha pointed out, walking towards him to put her theory to the test.

Kyle was surprised by the equipment here, it had everything that they would need.

Just how much was the gym? He hadn't yet paid for membership because Aiysha gave him a week's free trial to see if he would like to continue with her.

This was a thoughtful gesture even though money wasn't a problem for Kyle.

He understood that these gestures would make them feel useful to him and level the field to an extent.

Aiysha pointed at the mat on the floor and told him in an authoritative tone.

"Lay down,"

Kyle wondered why they weren't using the machine but couldn't complain, she was the professional and that was why he did exactly as he was told.

She placed him into a sit-up position but once again, this wasn't a high-intensity workout whatsoever.

It was something he didn't need a gym for either as well, he could do it at home but once again, gave her the benefit of the doubt.

He began to do trunk-curls but each time his back touched the ground, Aiyhsa slammed her palm against his torso forcing him to breathe.

This made it harder for him to come back up because his breathing was disorientated.

"What is she doing!?" Kyle asked and it was only a matter of time before he ran out of breath.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 171 - 171: Not Now, Kyle Jnr.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle began the workout session with Aiysha and what she did by hitting his stomach showed him that he didn't have proper control once his breathing was strained.

This meant that he couldn't work out or maintain his routine once an external factor came into play to disrupt it.

Aiysha knew he had been stabbed and this was why she didn't hit him hard enough to cause that much pain but rather, focused on his pressure point.

"Damn! That was harder than I thought!" Kyle exclaimed, breathing heavily.

"You lasted longer than I thought you would," Aiysha complimented him. Even with his skill, Kyle could only last so long, showing him that this could potentially be a weakness.

"You're just saying that," Kyle muttered, trying his best to get his breathing under control but this allowed her to point out the workout that they needed to focus on.

That was to control his breathing even when an external force strains it.

Aiysha was on a machine, snapping her fingers to draw Kyle's attention towards herself.

It was a leg press machine and Kyle couldn't believe how strong her legs were because she effortlessly pushed against an impressive amount of weight.

"Wow, she is strong," Kyle thought to himself, surprised that she was able to keep up but he noticed her breathing was strained as well.

This meant that this amount of weight was easy enough for her because it showed this was the minimum for her.

"Pay attention!" Aiysha instructed him, showing him the proper method to use for this.

"I am, I am…" Kyle realized that he was starting with his lower body instead of the preferred upper body.

There was another leg press machine in the room, showing that this private room had the means to allow her to work with multiple clients simultaneously.

Kyle sat on the machine and tried to match her weight but Aiysha simply giggled, she had an accurate measure of his stamina with the little exercise she did.

"Are you sure you want to start that high?" Aiysha questioned.

"If you can do it, how hard could it possibly be?" Kyle teased but the moment he attempted, he realized how hard it was.

Kyle couldn't do five consecutive presses, it felt like his calves were about to be ripped about by the mere pressure.

He had to stop at the fifth but there was Aiysha, still going and looking right at him.

He could feel the triumphant look in her eyes but she soon stopped and walked towards him.

"You aren't ready for that, you need to slowly build up your muscle or you might tear it. There is a proper way to do these things," Aiysha said, adjusting the weight class for Kyle.

Aiysha gave him the thumbs up for him to begin and Kyle began to press.

There it was, it was easy but Aiysha placed her hands on his thigh.

"Now do it slowly, do not rush. This isn't a competition to see who finishes how fast you can finish…" Aiysha instructed him.

Kyle had a lot of "That's what she said" moments but kept his mouth shut or it might give the impression that he wasn't taking this seriously.

Aysha kept her hand on his thigh and this made it harder for Kyle to concentrate.

It had been a while since he had had sex so his mind was in disarray but Kyle knew he had to develop self-control.

It was better now than later and Kyle had to think of the most disgusting thing his brain could conjure up.

"That's right… Just like that…" Aiysha said, rubbing her hand up and down his thigh.

"Not now…! Keep it together Kyle Jnr," Kyle thought to himself, begging the part of him between his legs that suddenly gained consciousness and refused to listen to his brain.

But fortunately for him, before it could respond, Aiysha took her hands off his thigh.

"That was close…" Kyle thought.

"That is a good start, we cannot overexert your muscles on the first day," Aiysha said but Kyle noticed that he was feeling a lot more exhausted than he should.

He couldn't understand why but this showed that whatever method Aiysha was using was effective.

She seemed to know just how much was enough without him saying anything or his body knowing it had enough.

Kyle always thought that more was good, he had watched so many gym videos where the instructor screams at the person to do one more rep just like the army.

It was an effective method to give them that extra edge but Aiysha was using a different method that focused on depleting that stamina as fast as possible.

Either that or Kyle was simply a weak piece of shit and the latter seemed more the likely of the two considering he had only just started working out.

"Is that it for the day?" Kyle asked and Aiysha had a look of confusion on her face.

"Are you that lazy?" She questioned.

Kyle was just messing around and didn't mean anything by this but the tone in which Aiysha spoke to him sounded condescending. He didn't like that but decided to keep his cool.

"Now come here…" Aiysha instructed him as she mounted another machine, a seated chest press machine that was focused on the chest.

Kyle thought Aiysha was different from those men who screamed at others to get them in the mood to lift extra but he was wrong.

She zipped her top a couple of inches down and Kyle couldn't believe the amount of flesh he was seeing, it was almost zipped down but it looked like it was glued to her nipples as that was the only thing not visible.

"Pay attention to me," Aisyha instructed him.

Kyle would have thought otherwise if he didn't know Aiysha but this was simply the kind of person she was.

"You should be glad I'm training you, I don't usually take male clients…" Aiysha added with an eye roll and Kyle got his answer with that response.

"I don't feel so lucky, you are kind of mean…" Kyle said and Aiysha began the demonstration in proper form.

The way her tits came together when she clutched her arms shut, it felt like her breasts were going to destroy that last button.

Each rep she did, Kyle anticipated, gulping at the anticipation but before he knew it.

The worst thing that could happen, happened and that was his shorts suddenly feeling tighter.

Kyle turned away immediately, trying his best to adjust his shorts so it wasn't so visible.

Kyle managed to place it between his thighs and clamp his thighs shut to stop it from bulging.

"Pay attention, Kyle!" Aiysha warned and Kyle turned around, Kyle did everything in his power to get rid of it before she asked him to hop on a machine but that failed.

The more he watched her, the dirtier his mind became and the sweat dripping down her chest didn't do her any favours.

"... And that's how you do it…" Aiysha said, coming off the machine.

"Now show me you were listening," Aisyha said but Kyle stood there with a smile on his face.

"What if I said I wasn't?" Kyle asked.

"Then I would know your eyes were focused on something else," Aiysha said in a tone that neither conveyed disappointment nor praise.

"I know you have a boner, Kyle," Aiysha said with a sigh.

"This is why I don't train men, at least privately but you are the exception. Even with your boner, I don't feel threatened by it. Testosterone is good and it shows you have plenty of it so how about we put it to good use?" Aiysha asked.

Kyle sighed before walking towards her and there it was, his cock pressing against his shorts like a sword trying to escape its sheath.

"Did it grow bigger?" Aiysha found her inner thoughts curious as Kyle got on a machine.

She already knew something like this would happen either way and there were multiple clothes she could have worn but it wouldn't have made a difference.

Besides, this was a good fuel for men to work out, this was why screaming and shouting was so effective, it raised their testosterone but this was another way to accomplish that same task.

Kyle began to do the chest press but unlike before, his form was perfect.

It was the exact same as hers and this made her question if he was pretending to not know the right forms.

That wasn't the case, Kyle had the skill to allow him to replicate everything he saw right down to perfection. The reason he messed up on the first was due to not paying attention but Aiysha got his attention on the second that was for sure.

Aiysha couldn't help but steal glances at his erection before looking away immediately.

"Why is he still hard?" Aiysha thought because it should have gone down the moment he started the chest press as blood would obviously be redirected elsewhere.

Kyle kept going but Aiysha found herself in a position because from the look of it.

It wasn't going down anytime soon.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 172 - 172: Marriage And...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was done with that particular workout but Aiysha didn't understand how he could sustain his erection and began to wonder if she should cover up.

He had seen her in a worse state so this shouldn't be having this effect on him however Kyle was making no visible moves on her hence why she didn't view it as a big deal.

It was time for a brief break, five minutes to be exact, Kyle drank water and tried to cool off.

"You sure do have a lot of energy considering you bring in different girls…" Aiysha pointed out.

She was surprised how comfortable Kyle was with this as most guys would have done something about it.

"Oh, you noticed…" Kyle didn't deny or confirm what she was implying but it was hard to look her in the eyes so naturally it was her breasts he occasionally glanced at.

"It is hard not to notice. Jane is a lovely lady," Aiysha liked Jane, she was polite and homely, unlike Calista who was arrogant and somewhat self-conceited.

"Jane is the best… I had no idea such women still existed, you know…" Kyle said.

"Maybe if you left your house more to explore the outside world, you would see they are more common than you realize," Aiysha pointed out, trying to downplay the scarcity.

"Hahaha! You do have a point but you don't need to worry about a good man, do you?" Kyle asked.

"What do you mean?" Aiysha asked with a raised brow.

"You know…Being married to the best man and all," Kyle added and Aiysha smiled broadly.

"Absolutely! Jones is the best," Aiysha added and this was when Kyle had an idea of the kind of woman she was.

She wasn't one to tell others the problems going on in her marriage which was a trait that most women lacked because once they find a listening ear, they yap away.

Kyle smiled at the response even if he could tell these words weren't genuine.

But then again, they wouldn't be fighting so much if they didn't care about one another, would they?

One would have mentally checked out and let the other have their way and this was why Kyle knew fighting wasn't necessarily a bad thing.

It is when they stop fighting and just let things be that you have to worry however this is subjective.

"You know, I admire you…" Kyle blurted out and this no doubt surprised Aiysha because Kyle was a billionaire that could get anything he wanted.

"What could you possibly admire about me?" Aiysha asked with a raised brow.

"You have discipline. You show up every day, and I know how hard that is… I don't think I could do it," Kyle confessed, and he wasn't just talking about her gym routine but her marriage.

Kyle saw what that did to his mother, it ruined her and drove her to take her life.

He despised cheating to the core, especially from those who have a monogamous relationship.

However, he found himself drawn to these people like he was seeking confirmation and validation to renew this bias.

Cassandra might have renewed that bias only for him to find out she wasn't with her husband so the conditions weren't met.

But Aiysha on the other hand was a big puzzle, it was hard to get a read on her.

"Sacrifice, that is all. You no longer make decisions that benefit you…" Aiysha pointed out with an exhausted tone.

"I'm far too selfish for such a sacrifice," Kyle responded with an awkward smile.

"Ha! Here is another way to look at things, you can be selfish but except for you, it is for your family…" Aiysha responded but this wasn't the response Kyle was looking for.

Aiysha wasn't aware that Jones had opened up to Kyle so he knew her a lot better than he previously did.

"I should probably get rid of this," Kyle said and it took Aiysha a minute to realize what he was talking about. Only cleared her throat awkwardly as she looked away when she did.

"Yeah, you probably should…" Aiysha said.

"Well? Is there a room? You don't expect me to whip it out here, do you?" Kyle asked and Aiysha giggled.

This was Kyle being Kyle, trying to take the seriousness from what had otherwise been an inappropriate scenario.

Aiysha pointed at a door that led to a secluded room that contained a toilet.

Kyle entered and it took a couple of seconds before he returned which surprised Aiysha.

He couldn't have been that excited that he finished within seconds nor could he have used his imagination to defeat the lust that had built up inside of him.

"That was fast," Aiysha said but this was good for time management as it meant that they could carry on with their workout.

"What can I say? All I needed to do was think about two girls, one cup," Kyle responded and he could see the visible disgust on Aiysha's face showing that she knew exactly what he was talking about.

"But then I realized I was getting harder and had to think of something else," Kyle added and the disgust on Aiysha's face worsened.

Kyle no longer had any worries in life and slowly, ever since the repressed memories of his childhood resurfaced.

He has been more "child-like" and playful in a sense but there was no harm in it.

Kyle no longer had money problems so he no longer had to act the way others expected him to but rather, how he wanted to.

The truth was, Kyle had found something to gently tie his third leg to his inner thigh so even if he was hard, it wouldn't be noticeable.

Aiysha looked way too good and there was no way he could go soft with her like that so found an alternative that gave this illusion.

The workout continued and Aiysha was earnest, Kyle realized that she wasn't all talk and might be the best trainer he had encountered.

The overall session was an hour and by the time they were done, Kyle couldn't feel his muscles.

They were both drenched in sweat but Kyle was the only one out of breath.

"Fucking hell! What kind of session was that!? I'm not coming back here again!" Kyle complained between breaths but this stroked Aiysha's ego nonetheless.

Kyle escaped this situation but knew he wouldn't be able to hold out for much longer.

"See you soon," Aiysha said with a smile but Kyle realized that Aiysha might just be a loyal woman or there was no way that she wouldn't be in his harem by now.

If all of this didn't garner any sort of affection from her then Jones might truly be a lucky man.

But there was something that Jones said that caught his attention, he spoke about giving Aiysha a free pass.

Kyle was thinking about all of this as he washed himself in the shower, the steaming hot shower did wonders for his body.

However, his mind couldn't help but wander. Each time he saw her cleavage they looked better than before.

He just wanted to reach in and give them a firm squeeze but Kyle couldn't do that to Jones even if every fibre of his body said otherwise.

But Jones had shown him that he wasn't the man he thought he was, Jones was held to such a high degree that the revelation of cheating shattered it.

That was the cliche story of almost every relationship, why was infidelity such a trend?

What was the point of entering a relationship if they were just going to do that?

Kyle couldn't understand but knew the moment he did, he might understand why his father abandoned his family.

Kyle walked out the door but he heard his name from the lips of the woman he had spent most of his day with.

He turned around to see Aiysha but unlike him, she was still in her gym clothes.

"I had a good time training you and hope to see you again," Aiysha said to which Kyle smiled.

"Me too…: Kyle responded but as he walked, he noticed that Aiysha watched him walk to his car.

He was excited and needed a way to release this stress but he needed something intense.

He couldn't have that forbidden fruit but for how long could he go without it?

Even Adam and Eve couldn't resist but Kyle knew he had to keep it together for the time being.

He needed to see if Jones was comfortable. No, that wasn't correct.

Kyle wanted to see if Jones was serious about that free pass and how he would feel if he was the one she used it on.

He already complained about not satisfying her but if a man is willing to give his woman a free pass at any given point regardless of the circumstances.

That was a potential cuck because Kyle didn't like Calista but the thought of another man bending her over made him sick because that was his hole not to talk of someone you supposedly love. Kyle needed to push the boundaries but that wasn't what was on his mind right now.

He needed to cum and he had to choose between either Cassandra or Calista.

The way his cock was throbbing, this wasn't something that an inexperienced Jane could handle.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 173 - 173: You Best Shut Up! [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle drove for some minutes but he had decided who he was going to see that day.

He needed an experience, something that would give him that edge and Cassandra came to mind.

Kyle didn't give her a heads-up because he planned to surprise her.

When he arrived at her house, he parked his car further down the road and walked the rest of the way on foot.

Kyle arrived in no time and the fact that Cassandra was a woman he was yet to screw made this all the more exciting.

He rang the doorbell but there was no response, however, he noticed that the front door was unlocked.

He assumed she was home naturally otherwise it would and should be locked.

Kyle entered the house but once again, didn't make his presence known.

It was strange that she didn't answer the door if she was home.

He had to entertain the possibility that someone had broken into her house but that would be absurd considering the time.

It was broad daylight, there was no way anyone would be that bold but there was a chance that something happened to Cassandra.

He didn't know the lengths Justin would go to for his child even though he was a piece of shit.

Kyle didn't know what kind of father he was but he wasn't about to risk anything that would put Cassandra at a disadvantage. It was easy to poison a child's mind.

Kyle walked into the house and tip-toed, careful not to alert any potential intruder about his presence.

Kyle noticed that there was no one in the house after a few minutes and this made him feel like a burglar because how was he going to explain himself?

"She forgot to lock the door?" Kyle thought to himself but he soon heard the door creak but it wasn't Cassandra speaking.

Whoever this was, it was a man and Kyle realized why the door was unlocked.

He quickly looked around to see where he could hide, he was an unauthorized guest and seeing as there weren't any signs of a break-in.

Luckily, Kyle found a closet to hide in, he didn't understand how he got into this situation but for whatever reason.

He couldn't make out the person's voice as they were far apart but it was certainly a man and he was coming closer with each passing second.

And then the voice became clear, it was Justin but what the hell was he doing here?

Did Cassandra know about this? That couldn't be right, this bastard must still have a spare key to the house.

"I know, I'm just here to search for it," Justin said to whoever he was talking to on the phone.

"Don't worry, she won't be home for a while," Justin said but Kyle had evidence that he was there.

Justin walked into the room and began to search for something but Kyle knew what would happen if he found him hiding.

Kyle was as quiet as he could be but there was something that he didn't anticipate at that moment and it was his phone.

Kyle's phone vibrated and he quickly moved to stop it but that caused some sound.

Kyl hoped Justin didn't hear it but that wasn't the case because Justin stopped whatever he was doing.

"Is someone here?" Justin questioned, looking around the room.

Kyle crossed his fingers and Justin was seconds away from opening the closet.

"Is this it?" Kyle thought to himself, closing his eyes as he was ready to accept his fate.

"Hello?" A voice rang out from away stopping Justin in his tracks.

"Shit!" Justin cussed under his breath, his first thought wasn't to hide in her closet because he had his car parked outside so there was no point doing this.

Justin hurried out of her room because he knew that would cause far more trouble than her finding him in her house.

Kyle could hear shouting and arguing downstairs and instantly knew that this was escalating.

"Man… I just came to get laid…" Kyle muttered under his breath because he found himself hidden in a closet.

"I have a key and this house is still in my name! I own this house!" Kyle could hear Justin saying but he knew that Justin couldn't find out about him as it could ultimately sway the court case even though this didn't matter with the procedure he had in place.

However, Cassandra didn't know that and Kyle had to play along with it.

He could hear footsteps coming closer to the wardrobe but this couldn't be Justin, not with Cassandra in the house.

Justin was still screaming downstairs and Kyle realized that this might not be a safe space or environment for Cassandra to raise her child in such an environment.

"What a fucking asshole!" Cassandra cussed under her brought. Kyle never heard her this angry and momentarily thought about exposing himself to her.

However, he knew that he might be able to find out more about her if he remained quiet.

"You only have a roof over your head because you have my child. You should be out on the fucking street!" Justin screamed.

She rolled her eyes and abruptly went to the shower to turn it on to get it all nice and steamy before shutting the door as she left it.

Cassandra heaved a frustrated sigh but Kyle felt the closet door open and Cassandra's eyes locked with his.

She went from startled to shocked because what the hell was Kyle doing here?

Those were the exact words she mouthed to him.

Kyle didn't know what to do in this situation, he came for some coochie but now was not the time.

Cassandra had told Justin to wait for her while she came to get whatever it was he was looking for in the first place and planned to have a shower the moment he left yet Kyle was here.

Kyle could hear grumbling and footsteps outside, without thinking about it.

He grabbed her by the wrist and yanked her into the closet, if anything Justin would think she was showering.

"What are you doing!? He cannot know you're here!" Cassandra mouthed but Kyle could barely think straight with her soft breasts pushing into him.

The wardrobe was unusually small so there was nothing that could be done about the situation.

Cassandra couldn't leave the wardrobe without Justin catching on because he was standing at the door.

"I know this bitch didn't just hop in the shower!" He muttered under his breath.

Cassandra had on a short skirt that barely covered her plumpy thighs but couldn't explain how her breasts felt like they were being suffocated by the blouse she had on.

This was a blouse with expansive fabric as well allowing it to stretch but her breasts had managed to stretch it to the limit.

Cassandra placed a finger over her lips to keep Kyle quiet.

She wasn't aware that the judge would favour her husband regardless of whether he was found or not but that added to the excitement.

"Huh…?" Cassandra thought to herself the moment she felt something hard poking against her navel.

She looked up at Kyle and realized that this man was turned on by the situation despite it having the potential to sway the custody battle.

Hopefully, he wouldn't do anything with this lust as it was brought on by the situation but that idea was short-lived.

She felt Kyle slowly adjusting, she couldn't resist or offer resistance in that moment or she risked alerting her husband.

She felt his hands slowly wrap around her waist, her back was now facing him and that meant his erect cock was pressed against her lower back.

Kyle's heavy breath brushed against the nape of her neck, she could tell he was aroused by the situation. Who could blame?

Cassandra didn't even have time to stop her racing heart before Kyle grabbed her waist.

He began to move her from side to side very slowly as he humped her.

"W-We shouldn't be doi-!" Cassandra felt a hand around her mouth, Kyle had shut her up and she realized that his hands had left her waist yet she was still moving.

"A-Am I enjoying this?" Cassandra thought to herself but depravity was something that every human was instilled with.

Kyle reminded Cassandra what true lust and desire looked like because Kyle's hands were moving all over her body like they were the ones that meticulously crafted exploring her inch.

Kyle snuck his hands into her blouse and wrapped his hand around those juicy soft melons.

She didn't know what to do at that point and resigned herself to being used by the man behind her despite another being present in that same room.

Cassandra stood on her toes and this allowed his cock to be lunged by her buttcheeks due to it lifting the dress during alignment.

The bulge was now between her thighs and she rested her coochie slit on it.

This not only soaked Kyle's trousers in her juices but made it harder for her to control herself because while Kyle was groping her tits, his bulge was sliding right along her slit.

"HURRY UP CASSANDRA!" Justin screamed at the top of his lungs, not knowing another man was having his way with her in that same room.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 174 - 174: Take It Like A Good Girl [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was in a position to do whatever he wanted with Cassandra, and her resistance would disadvantage her.

Kyle was thrusting his hips back and forth, the fact that she was this wet.

This was the wettest any woman has been with him, it felt like a fountain.

He grabbed her breasts so tight that milk spilt out of her erect nipples.

"Do you want it?" Kyle whispered in her ear.

Cassandra knew how badly she craved this, it had been ages since a man had touched her.

The fact that Kyle wanted to fuck her in such a situation was questionable and she had only seen such scenarios in porn.

She didn't know such things happened in real life partly because Justin was never a spontaneous man.

This left a lot to be desired in her marriage but she never looked outside for the most part.

Cassandra couldn't bring herself to admit it however Kyle didn't need her to respond.

He took out his cock because it felt like it would fracture with the amount of pressure it exerted.

"That is…!" Cassandra could feel his veiny cock moving between her slit and the way it gushed and soaked in her juices in no time.

"Fuck, you're so wet. You act modest but you're a pervert," Kyle whispered.

Cassandra tried to give him a response but Kyle squeezed on her nipples to force milk out once again preventing words from leaving her lips.

"Ahhhgg…~!" Cassandra whimpered before clasping her mouth shut.

"You want him to find us, don't you?" Kyle whispered in her ears but Cassandra shook her head to deny this.

"We will see about that soon enough…" Kyle said but the moment these words left his lips, his grip on her soft breasts was released.

Cassandra was breathing heavily, it took everything in her not to moan like some sex-starved harlot.

But she felt Kyle's hands around her pudgy waist.

And this wasn't him just feeling her up, with her already standing on her toes and everything in place for Kyle to put it in.

Cassandra hadn't handled anything this big before but that was what added to the excitement.

"Don't tell me he is going to put it in!?" Cassandra thought to herself before turning around.

The look in Kyle's eyes, was like he was in a trance.

"Just the tip…" Kyle whispered seductively before grabbing her waist firmly and pulling her

"No-...~!" A soft moan escaped her lips because Kyle already slipped in the head of his cock.

Cassandra's knees went weak immediately.

She had to remain on her toes because if her legs gave in, she would have to take more inches.

There was no way that she would be able to cope with that without being caught.

Cassandra at that moment realized what Kyle was doing. He was teasing her.

Kyle slid the head in and out.

"Fuck! You feel so fucking good!~" Kyle moaned quietly in her ear.

Cassandra's legs nearly gave way but she managed to remain on her toes.

"Do you want more in you?" Kyle whispered but Cassandra knew if she gave an honest answer.

It would only make things worse.

"CASSANDRA! HOW LONG ARE YOU GOING TO SHOWER FOR!?" Justin was getting impatient but hearing him shout startled and broke her concentration.

It happened, Cassandra's legs had given way and taken 5 more inches.

"Oops…" Kyle teased her, she tried to stand on her toes to take it out quickly but Kyle was much stronger than her.

He allowed her to stand but pushed her down forcefully to send her on the sole of her feet taking in that same inch.

"Fukkkrrrr!~" Cassandra lost the ability to compose words but Kyle didn't need that mouth, he needed the one between her legs.

Kyle began to thrust his hips back and forth, Cassandra couldn't help herself.

She couldn't stop shaking her hips even if her mind told her to.

She had no control, Kyle could feel her inner walls tighten, the squishy sound that escaped it with every thrust was a testament to how wet she was.

"Y-You are going too dee…!~" Cassandra grabbed his hand to try and force him out but Kyle added two more inches to the five.

"God! This hole was made for me!~" Kyle praised her and felt her coochie get tighter.

It sucked him, Kyle had difficulty pulling it out not only because he was stretching her out but how aroused she was.

Kyle didn't need to ask her to throw it back, once 7 inches was in, she lost her mind.

Kyle was meeting her halfway, resulting in a thunderous clap.

"That's It…!~" Kyle urged her on but Cassandra's mind was already blank.

She didn't expect being fucked under such conditions could feel so good.

Kyle's hands left her waist but left his finger imprints on them.

Cassandra didn't even notice because she was too busy taking that cock.

She clamped down on it with such force that it was a miracle Kyle's pelvis wasn't sore from the collision.

"T-This… T-This…!~" Cassandra's voice was no longer controlled.

"He will hear us…" Kyle reminded her right before giving her the entire length of his cock while simultaneously grabbing her breasts and milking her like a cow.

Cassandra lost it because the moment Kyle did, she almost screamed.

"I-I AM GOING TO-!~" Cassandra's eyes rolled to the back of her head with Kyle increasing his hip thrust.

"You're going to cum? Where are you going to cum?" Kyle whispered in her ear but her body was already on the brink of ecstasy.

"...ON YOUR DICK!~ KEEP FUCKING ME!~ FUCK! GO HARDER!~" Cassandra begged.

Her body entered a state that surpassed reality as it shook aggressively.

Kyle reduced the pace of his strokes and simply made them harder, it wasn't the speed that would get her off but the force in which his body exploited her coochie.

She gushed all over his cock, the way her legs gave way but Kyle held her up by her tits.

"I'm not done…" Kyle said; he noticed that there was no one stopping them so there was a good chance that Justin had left the apartment already or at least the room.

This place was too cramped for Kyle to fully act out his depravity and he kicked the wardrobe open.

It was like he expected, Justin was nowhere to be seen and with the sounds that Cassandra made, it was safe to say he wasn't in the house.

Kyle lifted her and put her on his shoulder, she was a big lady no doubt because he had some difficulty doing this even despite recently picking up working out.

However, there was no doubt that this was what helped him to carry him.

Kyle dropped her on the bed and that was when Cassandra came to it.

"What are you doing? We cannot do this! Not now!" Cassandra barked.

She was worried that her husband was lurking outside but Kyle knew Justin was no longer in the vicinity.

He must not have appreciated her wasting his time but Cassandra didn't know that.

She wasn't aware how loud she was either or she wouldn't be worrying about something so irrelevant.

Kyle looked at her on the bed, trying her best to stop him even though they had already crossed that line.

Kyle sighed, his cock was throbbing and Cassandra stared at it, everything that they had just done hit her like a wave and in no time, she was soaked once again.

Cassandra didn't need to be told, she looked away while spreading her legs.

"So fucking cute…" Kyle thought to himself but his legs were tired, the exercise he had done with Aiysha was telling on him.

This was why he sat on the couch in the room, stroking his cock with one hand and gesturing for her to come to him with the other.

Cassandra gulped, it looked bigger than she had thought, the fact that this thing was in her moments ago surprised her.

"Come now, don't be shy," Kyle said and Cassandra was standing right in front of him before she knew it.

"Take off your top," Kyle instructed her and she did just that, the way her breasts bounced all over the place the moment they left the blouse was sexy.

He could still see remnants of the breast milk he had just squeezed out of her.

She wanted to take off her skirt but Kyle didn't want that, he noticed that there was a mirror facing this chair.

He wanted her in that dress, the pace at which he stroked his cock gradually came to a halt before he removed his hand from it altogether.

"Sit on it," Kyle told her too, he had a good view.

He could see how her ass bounced when she rode him through the mirror facing him directly.

Cassandra positioned herself and lowered herself slowly but Kyle wasn't having any of this.

"I think you need a hand…" Kyle said, grabbing her by the waist, and plunging her down allowing his entire length to feel the walls that would soon fill with his semen.

He placed one of her breasts in his mouth, watching that ass bounce up and down his cock with Cassandra moaning like a crazed woman.

"I chose right," Kyle thought to himself, filling his mouth with breastmilk.

.

.

.

A/N: IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN ME! Sorry for dragging you all into a fantasy but hey, you're also welcome!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 175 - 175: Aiysha, Is That You? [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle emptied his balls into Cassandra, he couldn't believe how much he had released but she served her purpose.

The taste of her breast milk lingered on his tongue as a perverted grin creased his face, he saw her passed out on the bed.

But he had one thought on his mind: Why wasn't she added to his harem, and why was it so hard to get her emotionally attached?

Did her heart still belong to Justin? That couldn't be the case even though Kyle knew this was a possibility regardless of how unlikely it seemed.

Kyle walked around her house and wondered why Justin still had a key but judging from what he had said, this house wasn't in her name.

This meant that she had to move out eventually, but Kyle didn't like her relationship with her ex-husband, even if it was one he couldn't control.

They had a child together after all, and that could be considered the single greatest thing to come out of this dreaded marriage.

Kyle had taken steps to make sure Justin ceased to be a factor as he knew how easy it was for past partners to resurrect feelings.

He had no problems losing Cassandra as there was no emotional attachment but there was a sense of pride when it came to it.

Kyle couldn't fathom the thought that someone else would be able to take her from him.

He knew he should leave before Justin came back but his phone rang, it was a call from Priscilla.

Kyle could finally think straight now that the accumulated lust had left his body even though he knew that Aiysha having this effect on him was bad.

It was getting worse and he needed a way to curb it before he did something stupid.

"Hello?" Kyle answered the phone, not knowing how important this conversation could be because he thought of calling her back later.

[[Kyle? I hope I'm not calling at a bad time?]] Priscilla asked but Kyle knew that if she called him, it was because it had something to do with the case.

"I'm free to talk. Any new development on our friend?" Kyle questioned, carefully walking towards the room to make sure Cassandra was still asleep before shutting the door to make sure she couldn't hear the conversation he was about to have.

[[I do. I was able to get into contact with one of his clients and they faced something similar to what your friend is experiencing.]] Cassandra informed him.

"You got another person involved? Why would you do that?" Kyle didn't like this because there was no telling who this person would inform.

This might alert the judge that someone was onto him, Kyle knew how cautious this man was so he couldn't risk setting off any alarms.

However, Priscilla was no fool and he knew that she must have her reasons for this.

He already had enough evidence to show that the judge collected bribes and finished this case.

There was no evidence of Justin handing out those bribes even though Kyle knew they would find some should they dig deep enough.

[[That is correct and I have a strong case against him. He is going down.]] Priscilla informed Kyle.

It sounded like she wanted to go ahead and arrest him.

This was something that Kyle couldn't afford to happen, at least not now.

He has to give a verdict as he already had confirmation of everything else but couldn't let Priscilla know he was using her for his own selfish means and not justice.

"Hold off, I appreciate that you informed me about this development but can I ask for a week? I will get you irrefutable proof before," Kyle offered.

Priscilla knew how these types of men easily slipped through the cracks and if they didn't have damning evidence there was a chance this would happen.

She knew this more than anyone and if Kyle could bring this then there was no harm in waiting a couple of days.

[[Fine… A week.]] Priscilla conceded.

"Thank you! You won't regret it," Kyle responded and the conversation came to an end before he could ask about her partner.

Priscilla never bothered with small talk and didn't even bother to ask how Kyle was as she didn't care about him as a person despite him helping the LAPD.

Kyle heard the door open behind him, Cassandra looked like a mess as she walked out of the room with her roughed-up hair.

Cassandra was in a robe that barely covered her breasts but that was to be expected.

They were so big and it only took one look for Kyle to get excited even though she was still recovering from the aftermath.

"You can't go around walking like that…" Kyle said but Cassandra could barely hear the words coming out of his mouth.

She didn't know Kyle was still around and only came out for a cup of water but when she came to it, she saw Kyle standing right in front of her.

"K-Kyle!?" Cassandra muttered but Kyle already had his arms around her waist.

"Hey, you…" Kyle muttered and Cassandra tried to retreat to the room because she knew what Kyle was about to do.

There was no way she could keep up, she still needed time to adjust to this type of sex because Kyle's stamina was unreal.

Kyle, however, was faster and pinned her against the wall before giving her buttocks a light smack.

"You know… Maybe one more round wouldn't do any harm," Kyle said, taking out his cock.

Cassandra didn't resist much but instead stuck out her ass with a smile creasing Kyle's face.

"I thought as much," Kyle said before sliding his cock inside her and thrusting his hips back and forth.

Cassandra hadn't recovered from the previous session but she liked how Kyle knew what he wanted and just took it.

There was something different about this, Kyle was rougher and she could feel his cock hitting her cervix like it wanted to tear through it.

But why did it feel so fucking good? Kyle looked down at his cock going in and out of her but was surprised by what he saw next.

"You're a creamer?" Kyle asked but Cassandra was too busy moaning to give a coherent response.

"D-Don't…!~" Cassandra couldn't complete her sentence because Kyle's hand wrapped around her mouth.

"Just shut up and take it all in~" Kyle whispered in her eyes as his strokes became harder.

This was how they spent the next couple of minutes because Kyle wasn't thinking about her this time. No, he was thinking about Aiysha.

-

Aiysha trained Kyle but wondered why a man like him would be that attracted to her.

She knew that some people couldn't help themselves but unlike women, men didn't have the liberty to hide it due to the raging boner that would manifest on them.

Aiysha was beginning to wonder what changed Kyle's mind even though she was surprised he lasted that long.

It might not have looked impressive to him but she, who has been training people for years, knew how impressive it was for someone with that sort of body to last that long.

She saw a few more clients for that day and just like she had told Kyle, they were all women.

Aiysha sighed because she realized that Jones might find this inappropriate should she tell him.

The last thing she would want to do was put a rift in their relationship.

The marriage already felt like it was on the verge of collapse and Jones suddenly insecure.

Aiysha began to wonder if he was projecting if he was cheating on her once again.

The truth was, she liked the attention she got from Kyle even if she didn't wish to admit it.

There was something satisfying in knowing someone of that status found her arousing.

A girl who didn't grow up receiving attention but only looks of disgust and negative comments.

She tried her best to be honest with her husband and even told him uncomfortable scenarios she had with clients.

Jones never seemed bothered about it and even laughed it off that he couldn't blame them when she looked that good. This was why she dressed the way she did around others.

Jones also told her about his encounters with other women and how the interaction went.

This was why the recent behaviour was strange, there had to be a reason this bothered him all of a sudden and that reason couldn't be her.

She was done for the day but wondered what Kyle was up to, she didn't know much about him but he was slowly beginning to grow on her.

Kyle didn't know the version of her that was unattractive and even though she shouldn't care how she would have been perceived by him, this was something that lingered at the back of her mind.

Aiysha wrapped up her day and returned home, they had plans to send their kids over to their grandparents so she and her husband could try and reconnect on a deeper level.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 176 - 176: The Gathering Of The Elite.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The days went by fast and before Kyle knew it, the night he was supposed to attend the prestigious party was upon him.

Kyle knew this was the first step into the world of the rich and famous, there was no way he would risk not getting it right.

Jane was excited about it, cheering him on because she could tell Kyle was tense.

He had never attended such an event before, so he didn't know how to act, but something told him that they wouldn't be impressed by his wealth as he didn't have the power that came with such status.

However, this would also be a good way for him to see what that world looked like.

Kyle was nervous but Jane helped calm his nerves somewhat.

He hadn't seen or spoken to Cassandra since that day and spent most of his time here.

Kyle knew that a little distance would do both of them some good. He didn't even ask where her kid was, but that wasn't his concern.

She was his mother so there was no doubt that he was somewhere safe regardless.

Kyle sighed because he still had a couple of hours to mentally prepare but if it was a costume party that meant that they wouldn't be able to tell it was him.

Kyle knew it wasn't a Halloween party where they came in silly outfits but the opposite, it was sophisticated people that valued the power of anonymity.

"Is there anything I could do to help you relax?" Jane questioned to which Kyle nodded.

"What can I do?" Jane responded instantly, sounding anxious yet excited.

"Relax, I just want to cuddle,:: Kyle said, gesturing for her to come to him.

Jane expected something a lot more difficult, men would usually require something perverse in a situation like this, wouldn't they?

Jane didn't mind because she liked cuddling with Kyle but Kyle made a request that made her even happier.

"Can I be the little spoon?" Kyle requested and Jane's heart fluttered at this request.

Kyle was much bigger than she was so she didn't know how she could manage but she always wondered what it would be like to be the big spoon.

Kyle was embraced in her warmth and he closed his eyes, he felt safe.

This was a feeling he hadn't felt ever since he was a kid but there was nothing that could match this.

This showed once again that Jane was here to stay because no one else offered this sort of comfort.

Kyle had no idea when his body slipped into a slumber.

For the first time in a long time, it wasn't a nightmare and Kyle felt all the tension leave his body.

Kyle slept for an hour and upon waking up, realized that this was what he needed.

"Wow! I feel refreshed…" Kyle thought to himself, he looked up and saw Jane was not only still awake but stroked his hair with a satisfied smile on her face.

Kyle smiled at her and all he could see in her eyes was love, unconditional love or at least that was what it seemed like.

-

Kyle got ready for this party and realized that time had escaped him, he slept longer than he would have liked.

Kyle knew it would be in good taste to be punctual but it could also serve as a show of his importance to arrive later than others.

This would invoke a tone of respect among them however Kyle was aware that the latter was only effective if he already had a social standing.

This was the first time he was meeting most of them so arriving early would grant him access to everyone before the party could kick into gear.

He kept in contact with Yuki, and she offered to send a personal driver to come pick him up but all Kyle requested was that she share her location.

Jane would have looked good on his arm but Calista was trained for such events and with her recent trend, there was no doubt that some of these men would want to meet a pretty lady.

But if he did this, Calista would forever be linked with him and this was how rumours started despite them wearing masks.

He kissed Jane goodbye at the door before heading out and driving towards the venue.

Kyle was dressed in classy yet corporate clothing that brought out his figure and exaggerated his physique.

Kyle arrived shortly and his car was easily the cheapest in this compound, Kyle expected this much but it was good.

He learned something in life that regardless of a person's status, they wouldn't like for a newcomer to be perceived as wealthier than them.

"Never outshine the master," Kyle muttered under his breath, making his way in.

No one even spared him a look except a few women but this was solely because of his good looks.

Kyle was among the youngest people there so this was no surprise that even the married women took a double take.

Yuki was waiting for him outside already, handing him a mask, Kyle could tell it was her because she informed him what she was wearing prior.

"Welcome sir! I'm glad you could make it," Yuki greeted. She was wearing a cat-like mask but the mask she handed Kyle was that of a demon.

"Hm… Why this design?" Kyle requested, putting it on because he noticed that no one else had it on. They all represented different animals except for the one Kyle had on.

There had to be a reason for this.

"It is because this is your first time, it would allow everyone to know and excuse potential rule violations and bad etiquette," Yuki pointed out.

Kyle sighed, he couldn't say much about this but this was essentially putting a marker on him.

He handed the man standing at the door the gold-plated invitation.

The man stepped aside without much resistance allowing Kyle and Yuki to get in.

This place was a different ball game altogether, Kyle couldn't believe how big and wealthy the people here were.

They didn't dress extravagantly but he could tell what they had on easily and could buy his car multiple times over.

"Wow! These people are rich, rich!" Kyle thought to himself but before he could process his thought.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 177 - 177: Power Tussle.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was approached by a man with a panda mask and instantly knew it was Nakamura even without him speaking thanks to his body posture.

Kyle couldn't believe that he had access to this place but the mask prevented him from identifying who was who.

This meant that he didn't have the opportunity to selectively pick out who he wished to talk to, forcing him to be social, hoping that whoever he spoke to was someone of note.

Better yet, he hoped that they would approach him and strike up a conversation because there was no way no one would speak to him if they sensed he was a new blood.

Nakamura took him under his wings and Kyle gulped, the air in the room was intimidating.

Kyle began to understand how Ella felt at the diner that night but it wasn't as intense.

Kyle knew he was richer than most of them but they had an air of authority that he lacked despite his wealth.

These people were on another level and Nakamura led him to a table, this was a sophisticated gathering and wasn't anything like he thought it would be.

The music playing was classic, it had a slow and steady rhythm, not fit for dancing but enough to keep the atmosphere cherry.

"I'm very happy you could come, Kyle. Forgive the masks, this is the only time wealthy people can come together without fear of being preyed on by the outside world," Nakamura said but Kyle knew this was bullshit.

There had to be another reason why they wore these masks but as long as it wasn't illegal, he was fine with it.

"I see, that is an interesting concept. I have seen it a lot in movies but have never been in one. It feels a lot different," Kyle pointed out, taking the tiniest of details into account.

"You have a good eye…" Nakamura said before leaning over to him.

"These people are heads of companies and corporations. The wealth in this room is beyond your imagination. I don't think I need to tell you but you will be approached by a few people," Nakamura pointed out, putting a thick Cuban cigarette between his lips.

"They will test you out and I have to say, the greatest mistake you can make would be to bow to them," Nakamura pointed out, letting out a puff of smoke from his barely parted lips.

"I see… Eat or be eaten," Kyle said.

This advice wasn't taken for granted because Kyle knew that this man must have climbed a roughly paved road to reach where he had reached.

This wasn't just a man giving advice, it was a man sharing a scenario he, himself, had experienced.

"You're a smart kid, I like you, Kyle," Nakamura pointed, resting on the chair.

Yuki watched awkwardly and began to wonder what was going on in Kyle's head.

There was something strange about him that made her uneasy and not in a good way.

Nakamura was a man who had changed her entire life, there wasn't anything she wouldn't do for him because without him, she wouldn't have had a life.

They proceeded to engage in small talk but that was all it was, Nakamura didn't talk about anything business-related and instead chose to use this opportunity to gather surface knowledge on Kyle.

He wanted to keep the conversation surface-level and not dive too deep into his personal life.

Of course, he gave up a few details of himself as well and it was like Kyle expected.

This man clawed his way to the top, it wasn't given to him but that wasn't the most interesting part of this story,

Nakamura had nothing on his back when he came to the United States which made his story all the more impressive.

But that was about it, Nakamura knew that the party was well underway and thus, could allow Kyle to join the fray.

People had greeted him and Kyle but never attempted to strike up a conversation with Nakamura there.

Nakamura had to get Kyle prepared because he was going to act as a reflection of him.

If he gave them a bad impression, it would directly affect how he was perceived.

In a sense, Nakamura was taking a risk he didn't need to but he knew Kyle had what it took to strive in his world.

Kyle walked into the crowd to navigate his way to the bar at the corner of the room.

It was strange, Kyle couldn't feel anyone's eyes on him.

He was like an invisible ghost that wished it still had a corporeal form and this contradicted the importance that Nakamura put on it.

Kyle knew some people had seen him without his mask on and was aware that this was what he looked like under the mask.

He sat at the bar but before he could order a drink, someone sat beside him.

"A glass of D'Amalfi Limoncello Supreme for my friend and me over here," A man said, Kyle, could tell his race simply by the bass of his voice and the connotations of his words.

It was an African-American but the way he was dressed made it impossible to see his skin complexion, he was one of the more flamboyant dressers telling Kyle that he might belong to a certain group. That would go in hand as to why he just bought him a cup worth millions.

This drink was easily over $44,000,000 and Kyle knew this wasn't a dick-measuring contest either considering that this was their first interaction.

"Wow! Thank you so much," Kyle showed his gratitude right away, he knew he had to remain humble but not harmless.

"Don't mention it, I'm surprised that Mr Nakamura brought you here," The man got right to it.

Kyle didn't want to get into whatever he might have with Nakamura.

"Don't you think it is polite to introduce yourself before you vent?" Kyle asked and the man's man clasped shut. He had just bought Kyle a drink worth millions to show his social status and in turn, subconsciously subdue Kyle but it had failed.

"Pardon?" The man was bamboozled and Kyle could tell but Kyle knew this was a good opportunity to break his ego. Kyle handed the waiter his black card.

"And drinks are on me…" Kyle said right before walking away.

There was no way that this man was anyone of importance if he chose to gossip like a woman behind Nakamura's back.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 178 - 178: Eleanor II.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle felt refreshed putting that man in his place even though he didn't owe Nakamura any loyalty. He knew that this man might very well be a test to see what kind of person he was.

If Kyle threw Nakamura under the bus then there was no way that the others in this room could trust him.

The man was more surprised that Kyle had that much money than he was being humbled.

The fact that he had a black card meant that his finances were on another level.

Kyle noticed that Nakamura was watching him across the room, almost like he was measuring him.

"This is a test," Kyle thought to himself, the same way Nakamura was the one bringing him into this world, there was a chance that he did the same with others.

There was no way he clawed his way to the top without help from others or having companions he could trust within this building.

Kyle smiled inwardly, this was the kind of man Nakamura was and Kyle was willing to play his game.

"That was good," A lady said beside Kyle, he was startled momentarily because he didn't even notice her. If she was an assassin after his life, she would have taken his life before he could even register it.

Kyle looked down at the much smaller lady but there was no way he could identify her but there was no doubt that she was watching him.

Kyle smiled beneath his mask, he saw the dress she had on, it wasn't like the rest of the women.

Kyle could tell that whoever this was, she must be young, clearly below 30 but despite her slender frame, the cleavage popping out of her dress told him that this was a woman who was blessed by nature.

"Hahaha! Have you heard that? I'm embarrassed," Kyle tried to play it off.

"You don't need to pretend…" The lady said sternly.

"What do you mean?" Kyle questioned.

"They all see through the bullshit. There is no need to pretend. If you play your cards right, you could leave here with contacts you couldn't get in your lifetime," The lady pointed out.

Kyle was surprised that she was talking to him like she knew his intentions.

"I hate to say it but you're insignificant here. The only significance you have is your relationship with Nakamura," She reminded him.

"Now, you need to show them why you're in his company," The lady informed him.

"... But with your looks, the women should be swarming you soon enough," She ended with a giggle.

But before Kyle could ask her who she was, she disappeared into the crowd like she was a voice in his head.

However, he memorised the outline of her mask. It had whiskers and had the characteristics of a fox.

Whatever this lady said, she was right because a lady approached him but Kyle could easily tell with a single glance that she was well in her advanced years.

No one could escape aging and her wrinkled skin gave her away.

"Well, hello there young man," The lady greeted with a glass of wine in hand.

Kyle knew he had to not only be friendly but use his privilege to his advantage.

People only reach the top because they know how to use those around them to their fullest potential.

"Hello, I love the dress I must say," Kyle's voice was gentle but this told him that most of the women here saw him as a piece of meat.

"Thank you but the secret is behind it," The lady was already coming on strong.

"She sees me as a potential sugar baby?" Kyle thought to himself, it wasn't a disgusting thought but it told him how he was viewed by most people here.

He was young and the older people saw him as a child, at least those who saw his face.

There was no way that this information would remain between them.

It spread among those that arrived much later but Kyle was glad that something like this was happening.

Kyle quickly glanced at her hand and there was no ring, just as he expected.

A cougar looking for a young chap to bend her over and screw her into the afterlife but Kyle was no grim reaper.

"I can certainly tell," Kyle said softly but he knew he had to maintain an image because women talk.

There was nothing wrong with being nice however he had to set a boundary with them.

"I would have liked to personally see this but I'm taken," Kyle politely turned her down.

But she knew that this meant nothing or that cheating wouldn't be the norm in this generation.

"I'm sure she wouldn't mind you having friends, would she?" The older woman wasn't relenting, she had on the mask of a tiger and Kyle found it ironic.

"Trust me, I cannot be just friends with a woman as elegant as you," Kyle turned her down with a compliment.

The older woman giggled, it has been a while since she met someone as good with words as Kyle because most men would have said yes.

Men were hungry dogs that would bang anything that looked fit and that was what this woman embodied.

"You jest!" The lady blurted but Kyle didn't let her off the hook because he knew the rejection wasn't complete. Kyle noticed the dress she had was something you would see in Bridgerton showing the class that her aura exuded.

"I wish I was but you can understand why we can't move past this, can't you?" Kyle turned her down.

She might be a cougar but respected Kyle's decision because it turned her down without bruising her ego. If he had bruised her ego, this would have gone wayward so fast.

"I'm Eleanor II," The lady introduced herself, it sounded fancy like she came from old money.

"I'm Kyle the first," Kyle responded, taking her hand and planting a soft kiss on the back of it.

"But you can call me Kyle,"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 179 - 179: The Girl In The Mask.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The party went on with the beautiful music playing but Kyle noticed that no women were approaching him.

He had spoken with Eleanor for a while and learned a lot about her.

He got her phone number as well, she was not even from America.

She was from England but there was no hint of an English accent.

Kyle didn't understand why no one else was approaching him, especially the women.

All they did was watch him and the good thing about this was that he knew Eleanor must have had a role to play.

Kyle was here to socialize and make as many connections as he could make.

Luckily, he didn't have to wait long because a white-haired man approached him.

Kyle knew he had to compose himself because a man this advanced age must have seen a side to life that Kyle couldn't comprehend.

Kyle also noticed the whispers from others so whoever this man was must be important.

"It has been a while since we have had a new face here," The man said, the aura he had was on another level.

Kyle felt like he was standing in front of a final boss.

Kyle cleared his throat but he noticed that Eleanor was right beside him.

Kyle realized at that moment that if he screwed things up, he wouldn't be here.

What if he agreed to be her boy toy?

He noticed Eleanor had her arm tucked in his, showing some sort of intimacy.

"I'm honoured to be here," Kyle knew he had to remain humble because this man, there was something about him that set him apart from the others with the elephant mask planted on his face.

He was short and somewhat fat, with a big belly.

"I hear that you were brought here by Mr. Nakamura and my friend here told me you are a man of morals," The man pointed out.

Kyle could tell these two weren't platonic with a single glance.

However, this must play a part in why they were having this conversation in the first place.

"That is correct, sir and I'm honored to be here,

I'm Kyle," Kyle introduced himself, stretching forth his hand for a handshake.

The man was surprised that Kyle was making the first move.

"I see, you don't kiss ass for long. I like that," The man responded, taking Kyle's hand but his grip was something Kyle didn't anticipate.

It felt like this man was about to fracture his hand but this was a firm handshake.

It wasn't some intimidating tactic whatsoever.

"I'm a man of morals," Kyle repeated, emphasizing the word, morals.

Eleanor and the man laughed, Kyle was witty and it showed

Nakamura watched all of this unfold from a distance with a satisfied smile.

"He's good," Nakamura couldn't contain his excitement, something that Yuki noticed.

"I have never seen him this excited," Yuki thought to herself but she could understand why he was.

That man right there had the power to shape the world because he was a powerful politician who already held a position in government.

This was a rare sighting and no one had ever gotten his attention, especially as a newbie.

"He's the one," Nakamura said under his breath.

Yuki knew that Nakamura was a man that was ambitious so he planned to use Kyle as a pawn to accomplish that goal.

But Yuki was suspicious about Kyle, she knew that he was smarter than Nakamura was giving him credit for.

This was why Yuki feared that Nakamura was the one being manipulated.

The man took Kyle away to a private section of the party where far more important people were.

This was moving too fast but there was something off-putting about all of this.

-

Kyle stepped in and the air in here was different.

If you thought the people out there were rich, then these people were gods.

Kyle began to understand the whispers, they were surprised that people in this section would interact with nobody like himself.

It was ironic that even the rich had segregation, there were stages to this wealth thing.

This section was fancier with a whole live band and a stage set-up.

The man patted Kyle on the back, leaving him with Eleanor as he walked up to the stage.

"Wow," Kyle couldn't hide his amazement.

"I never understood people's fascination with such things," Eleanor muttered but this was because of her wealth.

This was her daily life so there was nothing surprising about it to her but this showed her that Kyle wasn't accustomed to this lifestyle.

He wasn't from money so why was he here?

"Hello everyone. I apologize for the delay in getting things started but I'm pleased to announce that I have found tonight's entertainment," The man pointed out.

Eleanor took a step away from Kyle, an act he noticed right before everyone turned to him.

"... Kyle!" The man concluded and everyone began to clap like he was some sort of exhibit.

Kyle knew that he had the option to turn them down but there was no reason to.

This could be an initiation so Kyle reluctantly walked towards the stage.

He climbed the podium and was handed the mic.

Kyle had no idea what to say but this was where his wit came into play.

Kyle looked at him, wondering what he was expecting but got nothing from him.

"I see a lot of people in this room but I find myself asking one question, why the mask?" Kyle began and everyone giggled.

"Because 90% of the thing that makes me interesting has been taken," Kyle added and the giggle evolved into a burst of laughter.

Kyle realized that these people must have thought he was a comedian.

That would explain the setup but this was the perfect platform to exploit the situation.

"But hey, I guess when you're a billionaire, you have a substitute," Kyle said prompting awkward laughter.

"Don't worry, I'm not talking about myself," Kyle added and the laughter thundered.

Kyle knew he couldn't let them feel intimidated.

The fact that they had a different section for people less wealthy was a grim reminder.

Kyle wasn't going to test the order and instead, chose to play the comedian even though he did find this insulting.

"Mr Nakamura wasn't wrong, you do have a sense of humour," The man blurted out.

"That's how I got in…" Kyle thought to himself.

Nakamura was the one that was responsible for this.

"I'm afraid to say that I'm no comedian," Kyle concluded. It was strange that Nakamura introduced him this way but also recalled what he told him tonight.

The room fell silent and Kyle realized that he had their attention.

Kyle was tempted to take off his mask because it made no difference to him either way.

They already knew his name and with their expected resources, it would be easy for them to find out who he is.

However, before Kyle could let his intrusive thought win, a loud sound was heard at the back of the room prompting everyone's heads to turn.

A glass cup had fallen but Kyle noticed it was the same woman he had spoken to earlier.

He could tell by the mask and the timing of this, it had to be intentional.

She walked up to the stage and got a few side eyes but no one attempted to stop her.

Kyle was visibly confused even though he was more surprised that she was in this section.

She snatched the mic from Kyle and he could feel a Kanye West reference building up.

However, now wasn't the time because she had the floor.  Kyle could tell they didn't like her even the man beside him.

"I'm sorry but I will be taking him," The lady said, grabbing him by the wrist and dragging him off stage.

Kyle didn't put up much resistance because he wanted out of the situation.

This woman was his superhero but only if he knew who was behind that mask.

-

Ella was restless, she felt Jane slowly slipping away and she didn't like it.

She couldn't complain either because she knew this would only make her look needy.

She liked that Jane was focusing on herself and if Jane felt like Ella couldn't handle herself.

Jane would be there in a heartbeat and that was something that Ella couldn't put her through.

But she had a surprise text message and it was from Jane.

Ella liked Calista but Jane was family.

Jane was checking in on her and Ella dared not say she was lonely and tried her best to disguise it.

But Jane invited her over to spend the night, Ella was glad but had no idea why she felt guilty.

She felt like she had betrayed Jane but couldn't place why.

Was it her friendship with Calista? That had to be it or at least, that's what Ella truly believed.

Ella accepted right away and chose to spend the night with Jane where she planned to tell her all about Calista.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 180 - 180: What A Bitch.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The rest of the night didn't go as planned because Kyle made fewer connections than he would have liked. If anything, he felt alienated when the girl with the mask came into the equation.

She took him out of that section and returned to where Nakamura was, Kyle noticed the reception she got here was a lot more positive.

These people didn't know who she was in the real world, that was the irony.

They only knew her by her mask because she never introduced herself but had the invitation.

There was no way that the invitation couldn't be gotten by accident as only top officials had it.

Not everyone's identity was known but that was fine, this party was where business could be concluded.

The people that were in it for the business aspect couldn't keep their identity hidden for they needed to dox themselves to whoever they were doing business with.

Kyle looked at Nakamura with a sense of disgust, he was introduced as some sort of entertainment.

This shaped the perspective of those in that room, Kyle couldn't blame them for their preconceived notion of him.

This limited what he could do in terms of business as they wouldn't take him seriously but Kyle was glad he was able to get Eleanor's number.

He knew that she would be useful in his endeavor but who was this woman across the table from him?

She hadn't said a word to him and simply focused on the drink in front of her but there was an air of elegance around her.

"Thanks for saving me," Kyle finally said but his tone was somewhat playful.

"Save you? Oh honey, I don't care about you. I just hate those old bags," The lady was quick to shoot down Kyle.

She didn't say another word after that but neither did Kyle, he just wanted to go home at this point. Five minutes went by and the lady finally broke the silence.

"You know, it is rare for someone to get in at this time of the year," The lady pointed out.

"Get in? You make it sound like this is some occultic organization," Kyle responded.

"Occultic? That is a stupid thing to say but I'm not surprised that something like that is coming from the mouth of someone associated with that foreigner over there," The lady sounded irritated.

"Wow! You're an angry lady, aren't you?" Kyle fired back but even with her foul mouth, she still had this elegance that he couldn't explain.

The lady didn't give Kyle much of a response, the truth was that she never saw how he looked and only assumed he was good-looking because of the whispers of those who did see him.

She had no interest in Kyle, if anything, it would be sex he was looking for because that's what most men think of first when they see her.

No one could blame them, she even made women confused about their sexuality.

"Do you always talk so much?" The lady asked but Kyle was ready to let his act come to an end.

"Are you always such a brat?" Kyle fired at her but the woman only sighed at this response.

"A man with no class… What did I expect?" She looked down on Kyle and she wasn't hiding it.

Kyle wondered why he was sitting at the same table as her to begin with when he could easily leave this party and call it a night.

However, someone approached her and whispered something into her ear and this changed her mood completely.

"It is about time," She said before springing to her feet and walking away, leaving Kyle at the table.

She stopped in her tracks before looking back at Kyle like she expected him to follow her but that was exactly what she expected.

"Are you going to sit there or escort me?" The lady questioned but Kyle was over it at this point.

He wanted to tell her to fuck off but remembered that she belonged to the higher class.

If anything, she could be his gateway to that world because he was here for connection.

If she was this stuck up then there was no doubt that she got whatever she wanted in life.

Kyle got up and followed her with an irritated look on his face but it was hidden by the mask he had on.

"What the fuck is her problem?" Kyle wondered but he noticed that the man who informed her about whatever it was that caused her mood to shift had a blank face.

Come to think of it, there were multiple people with this type of mask but no one else had the same type of mask.

Kyle noticed the way he walked, it was like he was protecting her from something and Kyle made an educated guess that this man must be her security.

This would explain the similar mask, it made it easier for them to be identified in the case of an emergency which made sense.

"Where are you taking me?" Kyle questioned but she didn't respond to him.

However, he found himself right in front of a car, Kyle couldn't make out the model but was certain of one thing.

It was custom made and that took a lot of money. She bent over to take something out of her car and the plump flesh on her buttocks momentarily stretched out her dress.

"Hm…" Kyle thought to himself, he couldn't help but steal a glance or two.

She returned with a briefcase, opening it up to confirm the content within was intact.

Kyle saw stacks of $100 bills, this easily took it into hundreds of millions but why the fuck was she doing this.

"Here, hold this," She handed it to Kyle, confusing him but this was only because she wanted to adjust her mask.

Kyle noticed that she was taking her anonymity seriously but the moment she was done with this, she took it away from him.

"Want me to ask what the money is for?" Kyle questioned as it slowly dawned on him that this was going to be his company for the rest of the night.

"You wish. No need to think about robbing me because my guards will put a bullet through your brain but I need your help," The lady said but Kyle noticed she was heading to a different side of the building.

It wasn't through the entrance but a different compartment of the building however Kyle noticed that there was someone waiting for her there.

They too, had their guards so this was some sort of exchange and Kyle was being strung along.

"What the fuck is happening? Are you a fucking drug dealer?" Kyle had to ask because he was worried about this.

She rolled her eyes in annoyance and just wanted him to keep his mouth shut.

There was something strange, the closer Kyle got the better he could see the people there.

"Isn't that…!" Kyle wondered, he recognized the people standing there and it was both Nakamura and Yuki standing there.

Kyle had no idea what was going on but this showed that Nakamura had dealings with her.

"It went through?" Nakamura asked to which the lady nodded.

"It did and as agreed, here is the sum of $250,000,000 in cash," The lady said, handing him the briefcase.

Kyle felt uneasy because this entire thing felt shady and he wasn't comfortable being a witness to something he had no idea about.

"It was nice doing business with you," Nakamura said. Kyle knew at that moment that Nakamura hadn't come to the party to have fun.

It was all business for him and Kyle knew better but this only made him respect him all the more.

"Well, that concludes our business," Nakamura said, he must have come here because he didn't have any other way to reach her but here.

This also meant that she was careful but Kyle's highlight of the night remained that single older woman who seemed to be from royalty of some sort.

"Can we leave now?" Kyle asked Nakamura, he was done with the party.

"May I have him keep me company for the rest of the night?" The lady asked but Kyle raised his brow.

Why the fuck was she talking like he was Nakamura's employee?

Wait, that was right, the weird man had introduced him as such so he knew where she got this misconception from.

Nakamura had a lot of explaining to do but Kyle wasn't about to question him here because Kyle knew that if Nakamura could get in here.

He could open so many more doors for him and wasn't about to screw up everything over something as small as this.

"Mister Kyle is not an employee of Mr Nakamura but a partner," Yuki stepped in to clarify their relationship without Kyle having to ask.

This maintained a tone of respect between himself and Nakamura.

"I see, so you brought him here as entertainment because you knew that was the only way to skip the vetting process," The lady pointed out.

Nakamura smiled at her, he knew that she was aware of who he was already, this was why he was known on a first-name basis.

Unlike her, who was born from money and didn't need to worry about multiplying it because it did itself. This was why she could keep her identity hidden, she didn't need to seek people out.

"Hey strange man, I will give you $5,000,000 if you come with me," The lady tried to pay for his services.

"Bitch please, let's get out of here, Mr. Nakamura," Kyle said and the lady stood there, humbled that someone was this rude to her.

"I apologize on his behalf," Nakamura said before leaving behind Kyle with Yuki walking behind him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 181 - 181: The Dynamic Trio.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle had to speak with Nakamura and he knew that Kyle would need an explanation regarding what happened.

Nakamura gave Yuki a nod to instruct her to provide them with some nonverbal room.

"I know you have questions," Nakamura said, lowering his mask and tossing it away.

"I do and I know you have the answers I'm looking for," Kyle responded sternly, looking him right in the eyes as he tossed his mask too.

"You were a distraction, I knew a new face would have them rattled but I didn't expect you to be accepted into the ranks of those arrogant pricks so whatever you did with Eleanor must have worked out in your favour," Nakamura informed him but Kyle wasn't having it.

"What do you mean, accepted? Why did you need a distraction in the first place," Kyle pressed on, leaning on the hood of his car.

"You are not the first person I have brought here but for some reason, they all fall to Eleanor's charm. You're the first to resist it and this allowed me to know the kind of man you are," Nakamura said, pausing as he put his cigarette between his lips before lighting it and continuing the conversation.

"I didn't expect that man to personally meet though, that was a welcomed surprise but I needed you to keep them busy because I couldn't be seen dealing with her," Nakamura was transparent but Kyle realized halfway through that he didn't care about any of this.

He didn't want to know what they discussed or why he did what he did but this was a good chance to give a false show of trust.

"You know what? You don't need to tell me any more but don't leave me in the dark next time or that will be the end of our partnership, is that understood?" Kyle was stern.

Nakamura treated him like he was inferior and Kyle was going to bring an end to that.

"Understood, it won't happen again but aren't you curious who the lady is? She seemed smitten with you," Nakamura tried to install a thought into his head but Kyle wasn't having any of it.

"Is that so?" Kyle said under his breath but the irritation in her voice was evident and this made Nakamura chuckle.

"It has been fun Mr Nakamura but I must bid you farewell," Kyle said, it was a little after 1 AM but Kyle trusted his driving skills to make it home in one piece.

He hated that things were getting complicated but Eleanor would be his key to get into the pearly gates of the rich.

He knew her name so he could run his research on her but Kyle couldn't believe how stuck up they were.

He was glad that the night was over nonetheless and he could return home to Jane.

-

Jane welcomed Ella and they had the time of their life. Jane spoke to her about her relationship with Kyle and also how he told her he was in love with her.

Ella couldn't believe he said this, most men were hesitant to use these words because they knew it was a point of no return.

But Jane was curious what Ella had been up to and Ella was hesitant to tell her about the new friend she made because she had no idea how Jane would react to such news.

She informed Jane she had met someone but never disclosed anything else.

More so, the fact that this new friend of hers was an actress but this was the night she chose to let it all out.

"Jane, there is something I need to tell you," Ella began and the moment these words left her lips, Jane's attention peaked.

"What is it, Ella? Are you alright?" Jane was immediately concerned and this made Ella second guess if she should tell her or not.

"I made a new friend!" Ella exclaimed.

"I know, you told me," Jane responded; this couldn't be it.

"I have been spending the last couple of days at her place," Ella said and this was when Jane's body language subtly changed.

"You spent a couple of days at her place?" Jane questioned and Ella nodded.

"She is rich but that is not the best part, she is also an actress!" Ella boasted.

The truth of the matter was, that Ella wanted Jane to know she was alright if she decided to give Kyle all her time.

She wanted her to know she wasn't alone and this was why she exaggerated her excitement.

"A rich actress? Wow! That is great!" Jane was getting jealous but she couldn't let it consume her.

Ella has been her best friend since forever and the thought of someone else taking her away didn't sit right with her.

"I know right? You wouldn't believe how we met," Ella tossed that question into the air.

"Tell me! Tell me!" Jane barked, a forced smile plastered across her face but this was all an act..

"It was at the nightclub, I went there the next day and ran into…" Ella proceeded to give her all the details she would otherwise need.

The more she spoke, the tighter Jane's chest got because she knew what this meant.

There was no way that she could compare to someone so amazing.

"Say Ella, what is this person's name?" Jane's curiosity got the best of her.

"Her name is C-!" Before Ella could spill that vital piece of information, Kyle walked in.

But unlike Jane who knew, Ella could still remember the trauma that came with that night.

The night Ella was beaten by Mike, that night still replayed in her head and Jane had to lay her hand on her friend's shoulder to tell her everything was going to be okay.

"It is fine, it is just Kyle," Jane said and she was right because Kyle walked in soon after.

Ella was relaxed but this had brought a break in the conversation as the conversation they were having came to an abrupt end.

Kyle looked exhausted but he returned with the mask in hand when he could have easily dismissed it but knew it was something that could come in handy in the future.

"Well, hello ladies," Kyle greeted both of them, he had no problem with Ella's presence.

If anything, he welcomed it because he would rather have her keep Jane company either way when he wasn't around.

"Where did you go all dressed up?" Ella questioned but before Kyle could respond, Jane threw her arms around him and planted a kiss on his lips.

"Welcome home!" The excitement in her voice didn't lie and Kyle couldn't help but smile.

"Get a room, you two!" Ella barked but this only made Kyle stick his tongue down her throat.

She was in his house, the last thing she could do was start making demands.

Ella rolled her eyes in disgust before turning away but this was the reaction he was looking for.

"How was it?" Jane was quick to ask the moment Kyle's lips separated from hers.

"It was exhausting, rich people are a pain in the ass, I tell you that," Kyle said to her.

"You don't have to tell me twice," Ella responded, taking a dig at Kyle.

"That was a good one," Kyle praised but barely managed to contain his laughter.

"What were you ladies gossiping about before I walked in?" Kyle asked but both of the ladies kept quiet.

"It is girls' talk," Jane said before pushing him to the room.

"She's more comfortable now," Kyle thought to himself but that was to be expected considering they were living together.

The barrier that existed before was no longer there, this meant that she got to fully assimilate Kyle into her daily routine and vice-versa.

-

Calista had a relatively quiet day except for her time on the set. The movie was entering its final week but she found herself questioning a lot of things at this point in time.

What if the movies didn't do well? What would she do with her life then?

That was a recurring thought in her head but it wasn't like worrying about it would change anything.

She didn't know if this movie would do well or how it would be received by the public.

What if this was her only chance to make a name for herself and she failed?

Calista laughed at how her thoughts were grasping at a reality that wasn't in existence… yet.

She checked her phone and proceeded to scroll through social media, the mentions and tags she was getting previously had reduced drastically.

This was a humbling moment, she felt like she was at the center of the universe for a few days but the spotlight had shifted to the next big thing.

Calista was anxious but while scrolling through her messages, she remembered the person that had messaged her asking about Kyle.

She responded a few days ago and was yet to receive a response which made her question the urgency of the message.

It didn't bother her either way but before she could put the phone down and call it a day.

She got a new notification request, it was the same username but with different numerals this time.

She inspected the other account and realized that the account was no longer in existence.

"This feels fishy… I don't like it one bit," Calista muttered under her breath. She had her orders from Kyle.

She was going to do whatever it took to get this strange person's identity.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 182 - 182: Ghost From The...!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle had unknowingly interrupted something that could have caused more tension in his relationship, but this didn't stop the ladies from having their fun.

Jane slept in the parlour with Ella—there was no reason to leave her friend all alone. She wasn't going to abandon her, and Kyle didn't mind; he needed rest to sleep off the stress of the night.

The evening hadn't gone as he expected or wanted, and it came to an end soon after.

Morning came, and Kyle was passed out on the bed. He woke up much later than usual, but no one had woken him up—or at least, that's what it seemed like, because Kyle was roused by a light smack on his legs.

His eyes shot open, but it took a minute for him to make out who was standing in front of him. He had to wipe his eyes to clear his blurry vision, and to his surprise, he saw Ella—but she wasn't in her usual clothes.

She was wearing his shirt, and her breasts were stretching it out. Kyle wondered why she was wearing his clothes but quickly guessed that Jane must have had something to do with it.

"Wake up," Ella said, staring directly at Kyle. Kyle could tell she was getting comfortable, but this was a little too comfortable for his liking.

"What do you want? Get out," Kyle muttered, adjusting on the bed, hoping to drift back into sleep, but Ella wasn't going to let that happen.

Before Kyle could slip back into his peaceful slumber, he screamed in pain as Ella jumped on him with all her strength.

"ARRRGGGHHH!" Kyle screamed at the top of his lungs.

Jane was in the kitchen fixing breakfast when Kyle's voice echoed through the walls. She sighed, already knowing who was responsible for the noise. Ella was like this when she became comfortable with someone, but Jane knew this was partly her fault.

She had told Ella to check if Kyle was awake because breakfast was ready but had momentarily forgotten how close Ella and Kyle had become.

"Here we are," Ella's voice echoed behind Jane. She turned to see Ella holding Kyle by his singlet.

"G-Good morning, Kyle," Jane greeted, but Kyle looked like he was over it by this point. Jane, however, had on an apron and a cute little dress.

Kyle broke free from Ella's tight grip and went to meet Jane.

"Good morning, beautiful," Kyle murmured under his breath, hugging Jane tightly.

Ella was happy that her friend had found a man like Kyle. As she admired their relationship, Kyle spoke up.

"You know, it's not nice to leave your animal unchained," Kyle teased Jane.

"Why you…!" Ella cursed as she charged at Kyle, but Kyle couldn't help but laugh when Jane stepped in front of Ella to calm her down.

Jane knew of the plan for Ella to visit her home, but there wasn't a date set yet.

"You know what, how about we do it today?" Kyle asked out of the blue, leaving both women confused.

"What are you talking about? Did I hit you too hard?" Ella questioned, but Kyle chuckled.

"No, silly. I want us to go to the place where it all began. Maybe I can uncover the truth behind your natural strength… Mister Ella," Kyle teased, implying that Ella was a man who became a woman.

Ella couldn't hide her smile. It was a good one, and she couldn't be mad at such a clever retort.

"But I don't want to pressure you. We don't have to do this if you're not ready," Kyle reassured her, his playful tone gone.

"I don't think there will ever be a perfect time, but it would be arrogant of me to think the future will allow me this chance again," Ella said, and Kyle appreciated her logic.

The future was uncertain, and there was a chance that this opportunity might not present itself again.

People procrastinate because they're arrogant enough to think the universe will grant them infinite chances to complete a task.

Ella wasn't about to make that mistake, especially since she had already lost her parents and missed their funeral.

"Jane, what about you? Are you down for a little adventure?" Kyle asked, keeping Jane in the conversation and reminding her that she had a say too.

"I have nothing else to do," Jane replied. Her job had extended her vacation because Kyle had visited the manager to sway them.

"It's decided then…" Kyle said, and the trip to one of the most famous cities in American pop culture—Beverly Hills—was set in motion.

"I'll need to let my sister know I'm coming," Ella said, but Jane looked hesitant.

"Are you sure that's a good idea?" Jane asked.

"It's fine, I promise. I don't know why, but I no longer hold any hate towards her," Ella said.

Jane didn't know what Ella had discussed with her sister during the hospital visit, but she did know that Cleopatra could have easily delivered the news over the phone. There had to be a reason she came in person.

Despite this being for the best, it put a hold on Kyle's plan. Going today was no longer in their hands.

"Alright then, let me know what she says," Kyle replied, and Ella nodded.

This was the summary of their morning as they had breakfast together soon after.

However, shortly after breakfast, Kyle received a message from a familiar contact—it was Calista.

[[We need to talk… NOW!]] The message read, displaying a sense of urgency.

[[What's wrong?]] Kyle replied.

[[It's about the message. I found out who it is, and I think it's best we speak in person.]] Calista responded. Kyle understood the importance of speaking in person for some matters.

[[Fine, I'll see you in an hour.]] Kyle typed.

"Who are you texting, looking all serious?" Ella asked from across the room, but Kyle didn't give her much of a response, knowing she was just trying to get a reaction out of him.

-

Calista had been speaking with the stranger all night and gathered some disturbing information.

This person knew things about Kyle that they shouldn't have known.

Calista didn't know how, but it was clear that this person knew Kyle on a personal level.

That's when they introduced themselves as his sister.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 183 - 183: Past.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle met with Calista, knowing that she had the world's attention right now.

He knew better than to drive his car to see her; he didn't want any unnecessary rumors to start.

Kyle already had enough on his plate—this was the last thing he needed.

They met at a hotel, one on the expensive side. This was strategic: it meant the staff were used to serving high-class guests and helped keep unwanted eyes off them.

But of course, people still noticed Calista. She was gorgeous, and it was hard not to stare at someone so young yet so stunning.

Kyle arrived and noticed that she was already there. Wasn't it an unspoken rule for the man to arrive first?

He checked the time and confirmed that he was indeed five minutes early.

Calista's dull expression lit up the moment she saw Kyle's face, but she knew not to raise attention, so she remained seated.

"Hey, you…" Kyle greeted softly, sitting across from her.

It felt like it had been weeks since they last saw each other, but Calista knew she wasn't allowed to be needy or she risked scaring him away.

"Hi, Kyle, I'm glad you could make it," Calista responded, sliding a glass across the table.

Kyle noticed there was something inside, but the lipstick around the edge told him she had already drunk from it.

Kyle drank without question, and the flavors burst in his mouth—it was a fruit juice with a hint of alcohol.

"This is good," Kyle commented, and Calista could no longer keep her stoic act.

"I know, right? I tried it and knew I had to save some for you," she responded.

"Awww, how considerate," Kyle replied with a playful smirk.

"I know you're wondering why you're here and what I could have to tell you that I couldn't do over the phone," Calista began, but Kyle didn't give much of a reaction.

"Not really, I just figured you missed me," Kyle responded, taking another sip of the drink.

"Well, that, and I didn't want your girlfriend to accidentally pick up the phone," Calista said, but Kyle knew right away this was a test.

She phrased it that way because she wanted to know who that woman was who kept picking up his phone. It was a logical assumption to think that she was his girlfriend.

However, was this a conclusion she came to on her own?

Kyle already knew about her relationship with Ella and suspected that she wouldn't have given her number to Calista if she wasn't planning on keeping in touch.

Kyle smiled at the question, the look in his eyes briefly changing as he met Calista's gaze.

"Calista Wave, is that jealousy I sense from you?" Kyle asked, but Calista knew admitting it would take away whatever power she had left.

"…But I guess it can't be helped. You're territorial, after all…" Kyle dismissed his earlier statement himself.

"…However, you forget one thing…" Kyle said, gently grabbing her jaw.

"You are the one who belongs to me, not the other way around…" Kyle reminded her of her place.

"If the day comes that you think you deserve more, the door will always be open. This isn't a prison, so why not worry about being my favorite?" Kyle told her before finishing the contents of the cup.

There was no need to lie to Calista. The basis of her attraction was money, and everything else came afterward. Besides, Kyle already knew that no one else could do for her what he had done.

This was why he bought her a car so quickly—to cement himself in her life and eliminate all competition.

Calista might be self-conceited, but that didn't change the fact that it was now ingrained in her mind: if this relationship came to an end, she would be the one fumbling, not the other way around. There were multiple women like her, but only a few like Kyle.

Calista gulped. Kyle had a way of humbling her, indirectly reminding her that she wasn't the only one with access to his body. But he never clarified the relationship he had with the other woman.

"Now, tell me why I'm here, or do you want to waste my time with more questions?" Kyle asked.

Calista sighed. She knew she had deviated from the topic and needed to focus on the more important matter at hand.

They didn't begin the conversation right away because the waitress came to their table, subtly flirting with Kyle.

Calista would have been bothered by this, but she knew it was how they earned tips.

However, she found it disrespectful that the waitress would do so when he was in the company of a woman. Kyle didn't pay her any attention.

Calista then told him about her findings, going into detail about how the person stopped responding once they were introduced as his sister.

She wasn't aware Kyle had any family, so this came as a shock to her. For the first time since knowing Kyle, the look in his eyes wasn't one of indifference, but genuine emotion.

"What the fuck did you just say?" Kyle blurted out, but composed himself immediately.

"That's impossible…" Kyle muttered under his breath before looking at Calista.

"I don't have any siblings," Kyle said, but it sounded more like he was trying to convince himself than Calista.

Calista knew this was bullshit. If it weren't, he wouldn't have reacted that way. This made her realize how little she actually knew about him.

It was strange that she had established a deep emotional connection with a man she knew nothing about, but this was all part of human relationships—sometimes, it's a form of narcissism, where the other person simply makes you feel good, nothing more, nothing less.

"I need to go," Kyle said. Calista wanted to stop him, but the look in his eyes sent shivers down her spine.

"O-Okay," she said, the only words she could manage as Kyle walked out the door in haste.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 184 - 184: Crashout?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Calista had no idea what had just happened, but she wasn't going to follow him to seek answers. If anything, Kyle needed his space now more than ever.

She wondered what could have occurred between them but knew it wasn't her place to butt in, especially if he didn't wish to share.

Calista was worried, but Kyle had given her permission to do what was needed to get the necessary information from her.

"What was that?" Calista muttered under her breath, but the waitress brought her the bill.

In any other situation, the lady would have felt like she had been sucker-punched by this, but Calista had no problem paying.

She looked at the waitress, who had attempted to flirt with Kyle, and smirked.

"I guess you flirted with the wrong person," Calista mocked, right before leaving without tipping.

Calista was rotten to the core in the end, to anyone she deemed below her.

She left the restaurant and felt good about it, but her actions could be justified because this waitress had attempted to flirt with Kyle.

Calista tried to speak to the number once again to find out what she knew.

The person was online but wasn't responding.

Calista looked visibly distressed because she wasn't aware of what was going on.

There was one thing everyone hated, and that was being left in the dark.

[[Are you there!? I just spoke to Kyle! If you don't respond, I'm blocking you!]] Calista was desperate, but whatever she did clearly worked because she got a response.

[[Wait! Did you just say you spoke to Kyle!? Please, let us meet! I will explain everything to you.]] the message read.

This was the problem: Calista knew that if she tried to meet up with this person, it would be without Kyle's knowledge, and she was aware of the repercussions if things went south.

She couldn't reach out to Kyle for help, but Calista knew she had to take this step.

This could be her way of offering Kyle the help he didn't know he needed.

Calista clenched her fist in frustration but made up her mind at that moment.

[[Alright, but it will be under my terms. You have to come alone, and if I sense any funny business, I'm leaving!]] Calista agreed to the meeting.

This was random because this person could be after her money, if anything. She didn't believe the message at first and assumed it was a means to get close to her.

But there was something about the way Kyle reacted that confirmed this wasn't a scam.

This person had him rattled, and Calista knew she would be putting herself at risk if she went alone. This was why the option of going with Lorenzo popped into her head.

Lorenzo was fairly intimidating. There was no other person she could think of in this situation.

She hoped that he would be available and called him right away.

The call lasted a little over five minutes to get Lorenzo on board. He was happy to help her out, regardless of today being their day off.

Calista appreciated this gesture because she knew she wouldn't do the same for him.

In that sense, she was taking advantage of his kindness, but this was something she felt no remorse about.

If people were there to be taken advantage of, why shouldn't she help herself to their service?

Next was the venue. Calista picked somewhere private yet public.

This way, she would be able to monitor anyone who entered or loitered around.

She knew the place had to be expensive as well to further create a barrier in terms of a third party accessing it.

Calista was about to take a step of no return that would ultimately shape the dynamic of her relationship with Kyle.

Kyle stormed out of the restaurant. He didn't understand the feelings running through his body.

Kyle needed to breathe. He walked around the streets, but his vision was blurry.

He could barely see, but this was due to him having a panic attack.

Kyle knew he needed to ground himself, bumping into a few people on his way, but Kyle was able to compose himself before causing a scene.

"Breathe, Kyle. Breathe!" Kyle thought to himself.

All Kyle got were a few worrying glances, but that was about it. No one cared about him enough to break their daily routine.

This was the reality of the world—no one cared about a stranger until that stranger directly influenced them.

A person only cared about something if it affected them in one way or another.

"It cannot be true. Breathe…" Kyle said, and this was enough for his thoughts to settle.

Kyle had not spoken to his family in years but couldn't recall why, despite his memories of them being fond ones.

He took out his phone and saw a message from Cassandra. She was clearly distressed because it was mixed in with missed calls.

Kyle was in no state right now to worry about someone else, but there was a message that caught his attention.

[[I lost custody of my son!]]

Kyle was told the date was a lot later, so how had she lost custody of her son if the custody battle wasn't for a few more days?

"What the fuck is she talking about?" Kyle wondered if she did something that would forfeit her right to her son without needing a trial.

Everything he had done until now would have been in vain, and there would be nothing he could do if such a verdict was given.

"Fucking hell, Cassandra, what have you done?" Kyle thought to himself before taking out his phone and giving Priscilla a call.

He was distressed, and it was probably for the best that he wasn't able to reach her in this state.

Kyle kissed his teeth and took a deep breath, realizing this was what he signed up for the moment he took her under his care.

Kyle was able to reach her lawyer, Jessica, but she didn't reveal the details of what had happened.

Kyle didn't want to call Cassandra because he knew that the emotionality of the situation would force him to pay her a visit.

However, it was looking like he didn't have a choice, but his phone rang—it was Priscilla.

She had called him back, and Kyle briefed her on the strange message from Cassandra.

However, Priscilla sounded as clueless as he was because the judge hadn't made any moves.

[[Are you sure you have all the information down?]] Priscilla questioned, but Kyle wasn't going to push himself any further than he needed to.

"No, but it looks like I'll have to go see her to find out exactly what happened," Kyle responded, but it felt strange.

[[No. You cannot go. Now isn't the time for that, I'm afraid. We need to find out exactly what is going on before we can do anything about it,]] Priscilla warned.

"Can you handle it?" Kyle requested, and this surprised the lady at the other end because Kyle was so invested in her and the case.

However, she didn't care enough to ask about his reasons because this granted her more freedom to do her job.

"Alright," she said before the conversation came to an end, but almost immediately after the call ended, another one came through.

It was Cassandra. Kyle took a deep breath before answering the phone.

[[Hello?]] Cassandra's voice sounded shaky, and Kyle knew she had just finished crying.

He pretended not to know what was going on; otherwise, it would make the situation worse, as she would think he was ignoring her—which he was, but he couldn't let her know for obvious reasons.

"Is something wrong? Talk to me," Kyle asked, and this was when Cassandra bawled her eyes out.

[[Justin has taken my son.]] Cassandra cried out, but Kyle was confused by what she meant by this.

The boy might be in her custody, but unless the court said otherwise, she couldn't keep him away from his father.

"What do you mean he has been taken?" Kyle asked, with a confused frown across his brow.

[[I can't find him anywhere. The teachers said he was picked up from daycare by his father! This has never happened before, and I cannot reach anyone!]] Cassandra was hysterical.

"What the fuck?" Kyle thought to himself, confused as to how this was a problem.

It wasn't like Justin would kidnap his son days before a trial that he was guaranteed to win.

It didn't work that way, and Kyle was aware that this might be her reading too much into things.

"What did Jessica say?" Kyle asked, but all he heard was Cassandra sobbing uncontrollably.

"Take a deep breath, Cassandra. I need you to be brave for me," Kyle's voice was soft, and this allowed Cassandra to compose herself.

[[I-I'm sorry, but Jessica told me it isn't looking good and that Justin will win full custody if I don't agree on shared custody.]] Cassandra complained.

She didn't mind sharing custody, in all honesty, but it was 70/30, meaning that Justin would get the majority.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 185 - 185: Tasha.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Things were getting complicated in Kyle's personal life, and there was no telling what had happened with the family that adopted him. Either way, there was no doubt that tension was involved; otherwise, Kyle wouldn't be acting this way.

Kyle needed an escape more than ever and knew that temporarily leaving Los Angeles would do him some good. He needed to let off some steam, and the only way he knew how was through the gym.

This was why the gym was at an all-time high in terms of membership; people had embraced it as an alternative for dealing with emotional pain or distress.

Kyle needed an escape from his head because if this was true then this meant his past was something he couldn't escape regardless of how far he ran.

But how far could he truly run if he was planning to conquer the world, they would have found him sooner or later.

Kyle didn't make an appointment with Aiysha and didn't care who trained him. He just needed to clear his head. He thought Cassandra was calling him to report something he didn't know but was aware of the current situation. However, Kyle told her not to accept the deal. If she was going to do this, she should do it with all her might.

Cassandra agreed because Kyle made it seem like everything would be alright, that nothing could go wrong at this point. He reassured her, and Cassandra scooped up every word he sent her over text after that call. She needed that validation, and Kyle fed into it. He needed that verdict to be given.

If she folded, everything would be lost, but that upset him because it showed that Jessica wasn't doing her job. She had given Cassandra false hope, but more importantly, the price they paid for her wasn't being repaid by her inferior service.

Kyle knew she had to be replaced, but the problem with this was that it would take a new lawyer time to acclimate to the case. Kyle knew Jessica wasn't a good fit and knew he had to take drastic measures before the day of the trial.

Kyle walked into the gym. It wasn't too crowded, as most people were at work, but there were still quite a few people working out. Surrounded by trainers, Kyle didn't pay attention to any of them. If it wasn't Aiysha, he would rather work out by himself.

This would help him let it out because there would be no routine. Kyle walked deeper into the gym and paid extra for one of the private rooms. Of course, it was available for an additional fee, and Kyle booked it for the rest of the day. He needed the privacy to let out his frustrations without limitation.

Kyle was given a room, but he wondered if Aiysha was around. No, even if she were, it wouldn't be a good idea to see her in this state.

The moment Kyle entered the room, Aiysha came out of hers a second later with a female client. They were both drenched in sweat, showing that the client had kept up with Aiysha's program.

The gym employees saw Kyle and knew that Aiysha had a personal relationship with him, judging by how they communicated. The question was, would they inform her of Kyle's arrival or give it no importance? That question was answered shortly.

"It looks like you've secured another big fish," one of the workers commented.

Aiysha raised a brow in confusion, as she had no idea what the worker was talking about.

"What do you mean?" Aiysha asked.

"The guy who came here that day—looks like he's decided to make this gym his regular workout spot," the lady said, and Aiysha instantly knew who she was referring to.

"Kyle is here?" Aiysha thought to herself. But if he was here, why didn't he inform her?

"Oh my! That's great—more customers mean more money!" Aiysha responded.

"You know it, girl! And I have to say, he's quite the looker," the chocolate-skinned lady commented.

"You're in a relationship, Tasha," Aiysha rolled her eyes at the 5'2" woman. She had a thicker build than Aiysha despite her smaller size, thanks to a mix of genetics and working out.

"C'mon, a little eye candy never hurt anyone," Tasha responded with a smile. She had dimples, but Aiysha wasn't friends with this lady. She didn't agree with Tasha's moral compass but wasn't one to judge. People, in general, were unpredictable. At least Tasha was honest about her intentions rather than condemning the act and indulging in it privately.

"Which room is he in?" Aiysha asked, wiping sweat off her face. She was wearing leggings and a crop top, though this one was more modest, with only the top visible. There was nothing she could do about the view; she was a busty woman.

"That one over there~," Tasha said with a flirtatious voice.

"I'll be right back," Aiysha responded, heading toward the room Kyle was in. But Tasha grabbed her by the wrist.

"Hey, how about I go instead?" Tasha asked. Aiysha only knew Tasha because of how similar their names sounded. But Aiysha was nothing like her. She wasn't sure how Kyle would react, but maybe if Tasha went, it would be less awkward.

However, Aiysha knew the kind of person Tasha was. She knew what Tasha would try to do if she went.

Aiysha sighed, stopping in her tracks and allowing Tasha to be the one to see Kyle. If he was in a foul mood, she didn't want to be the recipient of it. She knew how Kyle got when he wasn't in a good mood, and he must have had his reasons for asking for a room all to himself. She wouldn't want to intrude, but Tasha was adamant about going.

Aiysha knew this would be a good chance to see what kind of person Kyle was when it came to women.

"Fine, you can go, but don't do anything stupid," Aiysha warned her. The last thing she wanted was to make Kyle uncomfortable.

"C'mon, men love me," Tasha responded, but Aiysha knew why. Tasha loved the attention that came with her work—how men would sneak glances at her as though she were a fruit they weren't allowed to eat.

"I'm sorry, Kyle," Aiysha apologized for what was about to happen.

Kyle stood in front of a boxing bag, pounding away at it relentlessly. His knuckles were sore. He heard a knock at the door, which interrupted his focus. Looking at his knuckles, he saw they were bruised.

"What the fuck am I doing?" Kyle thought to himself. The adrenaline still coursed through his veins, so he wasn't feeling the pain from his reckless actions.

He took a deep breath before opening the door, only to see a short woman standing before him.

"Um, can I help you?" Kyle asked, placing his hands behind his back to hide his bruised knuckles.

"Boy, you should be asking if I can help you," Tasha said sassily, which rubbed Kyle the wrong way.

He just stared at her. She was disturbing because the last thing he wanted right now was company.

Kyle knew that this was Aiysha's workplace, and he couldn't risk causing trouble for her by being a difficult customer. He wanted to tell her to get out but knew he had to compose himself, as his emotions were the one thing he could control.

"Ha! You're right, but I'm sort of freestyling today," Kyle confessed, his demeanor shifting as if he weren't angry anymore.

The thing about his skill that allowed him to replicate everything he had seen meant he was a great actor when he needed to assume that role. All the movies he had watched helped him replicate facial expressions and body language perfectly. This made him an excellent deceiver, and he did it without even realizing how effective it was.

Tasha saw the veins bulging from his arms and knew he must have been doing high-intensity workouts.

"Oh my, it's been a while since we've had someone as good-looking as you in here. That's why I'm here—just to make sure you don't need any help," Tasha said in a suggestive tone.

She noticed the punching bag slowly swinging, realizing he was just using the equipment otherwise it would be still.

"A boxer?" Tasha asked, making her way past him. As she did, she deliberately rubbed up against him.

Kyle unwillingly felt her breasts against his body.

If the roles were reversed, one would scream sexual assault at such an act. But Kyle already knew from the start what kind of person Tasha was. Kyle didn't like this, if it was on a different day then there things might have been different but sex was the last thing on his mind right now.

Kyle clenched his fist in anger but couldn't let it show as he closed the door to ensure no one else could get in.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 186 - 186: Behind That Door.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was alone with Tasha, but it wasn't something he needed at this point. He kept his hands hidden at all times, aware of what could happen if Tasha saw them. It would give her an excuse to overstay her welcome, and he had planned to tell her off nicely—or ask for Aiysha.

Tasha walked over to the punching bag and examined it carefully. Kyle wasn't sure if there was still blood on it, but he felt an uneasy tension in the air. "You're boxing without protection?" she asked, running her fingers along the bag. Kyle noticed that her fingers came into contact with blood, and his discomfort grew.

"You must really want to get those demons out," Tasha remarked, a knowing look in her eyes. Kyle pretended to have no idea what she was talking about, trying to downplay the situation.

"Demons?" Kyle repeated, offering an uncomfortable laugh. He couldn't understand what was going on, but there was no way this woman knew what he was going through.

"Only a man who is fighting something will punch a bag until his hands bleed," Tasha said confidently. She then showed him her finger, where a small crimson-red stain had formed at the tip. Kyle's stomach churned as he wondered if she was trying to make some kind of connection or if she genuinely understood what was happening.

"Ha, I guess I must've gotten carried away," Kyle said, attempting to brush off the seriousness of the situation, though his heart was racing now.

Tasha started walking toward him, and Kyle felt increasingly uncomfortable. She was beautiful, and no man in their right mind would be able to turn her down if she was offering attention. She was gorgeous, and in theory, 99% of men would accept this kind of attention from a woman.

Unlike women, who were used to receiving attention around the clock, men were often starved of it. It was a different kind of power, and Tasha knew how to wield it. But what she did next showed just how far she was willing to go. She stuck her finger in her mouth and licked it clean, completely disregarding the blood on it.

"What are you doing?" Kyle asked, raising an eyebrow. She didn't even know if he had any diseases, yet she was willing to do this without fear or hesitation.

"I'm helping you clean up the mess you made," Tasha responded smoothly, standing inches away from him, looking up at him with a smile that revealed her dimples. She reached for his hands, which were hidden behind him, and took them in her much smaller hands.

"Poor thing, you're a mess," she said softly, but Kyle felt a shift. His anger had dissipated, replaced by emotions he didn't want to acknowledge, emotions that seemed to be focused entirely on her.

"There are other ways to let out your stress, you know?" Tasha suggested, leading him to a bench. He sat down, but Tasha soon let go of his hands and reached for a first aid kit beneath the bench.

"You must have so much rage," she muttered before wrapping his hands in bandages, her fingers moving with a sense of purpose. Kyle couldn't help but watch, even though his mind was racing.

"Hm…" Kyle thought to himself, unsure whether he was intrigued or disturbed. Whatever this woman was doing seemed to work.

"I could help you deal with it," Tasha said, her voice smooth, her eyes glinting with something Kyle couldn't quite place. The thing was, she was subtle. Even if Kyle were recording the conversation, Tasha hadn't said anything that could be considered inappropriate.

"How do you plan on doing so?" Kyle asked, his voice betraying some curiosity, but as he spoke, Tasha slowly lifted his hands and placed his middle finger between her lips. She twirled her tongue around it before taking it fully in, making Kyle's jaw tighten. He couldn't believe what he was seeing.

He knew that people like this existed in workplaces, those who did things to make extra money. It was the same with massages, and "happy endings"—prostitution made legal. The idea of it all made Kyle uneasy. There was no telling what disease she might have, if she was so casual about taking people's blood into her body.

She removed his fingers and they were covered in her saliva.

"I'm afraid I cannot help you here, but here's my number," Tasha said, handing him her card with a smile that felt too rehearsed.

Kyle looked at the card, unsure how to respond. She was offering something, but if this was the kind of service he was interested in, he could have just hired a prostitute. There was no need for someone of his status to engage in something so… foolish.

Tasha stood up and walked toward the door, and Kyle couldn't help but notice how her buttocks moved with each exaggerated step she took. It was impossible not to notice. She made her body wiggle intentionally, and Kyle realized he might have to indulge in that, but only on his terms. He wasn't going to let her control the situation.

When she reached for the doorknob and tried to open the door, she felt an external force pushing against it. She turned around, startled, and saw Kyle standing right behind her, his face expressionless. She smiled.

"It looks like you can't wait," she said before Kyle made his move.

-

Aiysha had been keeping an eye on the clock. She noticed that Tasha had been in the room longer than expected. Aiysha knew the kind of person Tasha was, so if Kyle was entertaining her for this long, there was a chance something sexual was going on.

But why did this bother her so much? It shouldn't have, because Kyle was a grown man, free to do whatever he wanted. If he wanted to sleep with Tasha, that was entirely up to him, but there was also a chance they were just working out.

Tasha might be a "sexually liberated" woman, but she also took her job seriously. She wouldn't make any moves unless the other person entertained the idea. She never forced anything. So whatever was happening inside that room, Kyle must have been at least willing to entertain it. Whether they were "working out" or "working out," Aiysha didn't know why it bothered her.

It shouldn't have affected her, but was she feeling territorial? Was she getting attached to Kyle in a way she hadn't expected?

Aiysha took a deep breath to compose herself, but her eyes kept glancing at the door. Every time she did, she hoped that Tasha would walk out, but that never happened.

Aiysha thought about going over to see what was going on, but she knew that if she did, there was no telling what could happen. She had to maintain boundaries and not allow things to get too personal.

Kyle had chosen this gym, but choosing who trained him was entirely up to him. But what happened next made Aiysha's heart feel lighter. Tasha left the room after seven minutes, and Aiysha had no idea what had happened.

Seven minutes wasn't long enough for anything meaningful to happen, but there was also the possibility that something had.

Tasha looked in Aiysha's direction and winked, adjusting the lip gloss on her lips.

"What…?" Aiysha thought to herself. She could no longer contain her curiosity. She knew exactly what Tasha was implying.

Aiysha walked toward the door, determined to find out what Kyle was up to.

She wanted to knock, but she noticed that the door was slightly open.

She had the option to open it quietly, without alerting him to her presence. This way, Kyle wouldn't have time to compose himself or hide whatever he'd been doing with Tasha.

Aiysha peeked through the crack in the door and saw that Kyle was nowhere to be seen. He must have gone to the bathroom.

For reasons she didn't fully understand, Aiysha stepped into the room without his consent to look around.

"What the hell am I doing?" she wondered to herself. This was clearly inappropriate behavior, but she convinced herself she couldn't let Kyle fall into Tasha's clutches.

Tasha wasn't a good person, and Aiysha told herself she was only trying to protect him. She was at fault, though, because it was her fault Tasha had access to him in the first place.

The shower was running, so Aiysha knew she had limited time. Time was ticking, and Kyle could come out at any moment.

It didn't take more than 10 seconds after Aiysha had arrived for Kyle to walk out of the bathroom.

"The shower's still on…" Aiysha thought to herself, quickly ducking out of sight as she watched Kyle head for the door.

"I can't have anyone walking in when I'm in the shower," Kyle muttered, locking the door from the inside.

That option gave them complete control over their privacy with no worry of interruption.

Kyle returned to the shower shortly after, but Aiysha stayed in the room.

It was her only chance to find out what had happened between Kyle and Tasha.

She looked around the room. Her eyes landed on the first aid kit, which had been pulled out. There was blood smeared on the boxing bag.

Aiysha didn't need to be a genius to put the pieces together.

Kyle must have been boxing without protective gear and injured himself. Tasha must have offered to help clean the wound.

Aiysha sighed in relief, but then she noticed she was standing right behind the bathroom door, which was left slightly ajar.

The steam escaping from the crack in the door tempted her. It drew her in. Suddenly, temptation found her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 187 - 187: Aiysha And Kyle, Awkward.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Aiysha had found herself in a precarious situation, and she knew that one mistake could potentially make or break her relationship with Kyle.

Aiysha didn't like the situation she was in but this meant that she must not be caught.

If Kyle caught her, she might not be in trouble, as they could have a laugh about it.

They have been in a lot more awkward situations, but there was no telling what kind of mood Kyle was in or how he felt about having his privacy violated.

She peaked through the door but couldn't see Kyle but this was because of the drawn curtains.

However, she could tell that Kyle was behind them but through his silhouette, he wasn't just standing still.

She noticed that his hand was moving back and forth from his groin area.

Aiysha instantly wondered if he was doing what she thought he was, which would be jerking off.

However, this would mean that it was Tasha he was thinking of or at least that was what Aiysha thought considering she was the last woman he came into contact with.

But the good news about this was that this meant nothing had happened with Tasha or he wouldn't have this much sexual energy to begin with.

But when Kyle's hand left his cock, the size left her speechless, she couldn't believe what she was seeing.

She had only seen his bulge but seeing it out of trousers made it look bigger, she knew he was big but not this big.

Aiysha gaped but quickly placed her hand over her mouth to prevent any sound from escaping.

Kyle wasn't jerking off, he was simply washing it and happened to get hard.

But that was about it, he had no intention of relieving himself there, however Aiysha made a fatal mistake.

She made contact with the door and it opened further, Kyle caught note of this and quickly jumped out of the shower but soap got into his eyes.

"Who is there!?" Kyle shouted at the top of his lungs but he couldn't see as he tried to wipe the soap out of his eyes.

"Damn it! You peeping tom!" Kyle managed to get out of the bathroom and clean the soap out of his eyes even though his vision was temporarily blurry.

Kyle saw the person at the door and grabbed them by the shoulder.

"You aren't getting away!" Kyle cussed out but Kyle thought this was Tasha.

She was the only one who had reasons to come back in but the moment he turned her around.

Even with his blurry eyes, he could tell it wasn't Tasha right away, not to mention the difference in terms of their shoulders.

Kyle's eyes finally cleared up and saw Aiysha before him.

"S-Surprise?" Aiysha stuttered, embarrassed by the situation she had put herself in.

Kyle instantly realized that he was stark naked and Aiysha must have seen him in that state.

Kyle, however, knew the situation could only be as bad as he let it be but she had violated his personal space.

No, she was fucking peeping at him from the door and Kyle found this inappropriate, to say the least.

"What the fuck are you doing here?" Kyle asked, his tone was enraged.

Forget that she was Jones' wife, this was crossing a line he hadn't done so himself.

Kyle hated that she was doing this but she had to have a reason for doing something so depraved.

"Y-You are hurting me," Aiysha said before Kyle loosened up, he quickly ran to the toilet to get a towel to cover himself up.

"Explain yourself, Aiysha! This is unacceptable!" Kyle barked, directing his rage at her.

"I'm so sorry! I know you have every right to be mad and I cannot explain it myself but I came to see if you were alright. Tasha had told me about your injuries but then when I entered, I saw you were showering," Aiysha lied blatantly because the truth was far more embarrassing.

She couldn't let him know the real reason she came here because that wouldn't help her situation.

"So why didn't you just let me know!? Why sneak in like some pervert?" Kyle questioned, he wasn't going to let up.

He knew what would happen if he allowed her to have his way, he had every right to be mad.

"I was embarrassed when I saw you were naked!" Aiysha responded quickly.

Kyle was embarrassed and his reddened face confirmed this.

"Damn it! What the hell…!" Kyle thought to himself before redirecting his eyes to her.

"Hey! A man gets naked when he wants to shower!" Kyle barked at her.

"There is nothing wrong with what you did! It is on me! I'm so sorry!" Aiysha was near tears but this wasn't enough.

"You know you have seen me naked and if the roles were reversed, I'd be in jail," Kyle warned her.

"No! I would never call the cops on you," Aiysha responded, trying to dictate what Kyle should do indirectly.

"The right answer should have been you would never be in such a situation with me. Are you saying you would have no problems if I saw you naked?" Kyle questioned.

There was something sinister about his voice that made her uneasy because this no longer sounded like a hypothetical situation.

"What are you talking about?" Aiysha asked but Kyle sighed at her response.

"Aiysha, you didn't just see me naked, you peeked in to see more…" Kyle said, pausing briefly as he took a few steps away from her.

"You liked it, didn't you? Doing something you know you shouldn't have done," Kyle added before sitting on the bench in the corner.

"Stop talking like that," Aiysha warned him but Kyle was finally airing out his thoughts.

He didn't care about the consequences of his actions because Aiysha was the one who put herself in this situation.

"Or what? Is it so strange hearing your thoughts said by another person?" Kyle questioned.

"I don't have those thoughts, stop projecting," Aiysha responded but all Kyle did was smirk at the denial.

"I will take you at your word. It is fine, you can leave. I won't let anyone know what happened here today but you owe me… And I do intend on collecting," Kyle said.

Aiysha hadn't seen this side of him, it was like he was a different person from the one she knew.

There was only one thing her instincts told her and that was to get away from him.

"GYAHAHAHAHA!" Kyle burst out laughing, and the way he laughed startled her but she had never seen Kyle laugh.

"Fucking hell! I felt bad at one point but I had to keep going because I wanted to see how far I could push you!" Kyle said, wiping the tears from his eyes.

"You really are crazy! For a moment, I thought you wanted to ask me to show you my breasts so we could be even!" Aiysha was visibly relieved.

They had a good laugh about the situation before Aiysha left that room but Kyle sat there as the smile on his face slowly receded. Kyle didn't find this funny, it was an act but with his skill, Kyle had become the greatest actor to grace the earth overnight.

Kyle had no doubt said something bizarre that came off as creepy, it was ultimately the truth.

The truth that Aiysha needed to hear because the reason she was bothered with Tasha and Kyle wasn't because she was protecting, it was because she was jealous.

-

Jane and Ella were glad to have Kyle in their life and were well aware that things would look up to them.

Ella was surprised that Jane wasn't asking for more from Kyle, if anything, it must be the reason why she was chosen.

Jane was so content with her life despite Kyle having the wand to change it completely.

Ella was on the verge of living her dream because there was nothing stopping her, she had a glimpse of the fame that awaited her.

But this meant that her relationship with Calista could potentially help with her journey through stardom.

Ella wanted to tell Jane but felt like the opportunity had passed even though she knew it was something she couldn't keep away from her forever.

They had other pressing matters right now and that was the situation with her family.

Ella didn't know how to approach this, she hadn't been home in so long and didn't know how things would be now that her parents were no more.

Cleopatra wasn't her biggest fan but the truth was, Cleopatra came to that hospital to not only deliver the news of her parents passing but prevent her from coming to the funeral because her very presence would disrupt it.

"You weren't a daughter to them when they were alive so there's no point of acting like one now that they are gone. Do everyone a favour and stay away," These were the words that came out of her sister's mouth.

Ella knew her sister was right even though it came in the form of an attack but this was why she didn't go.

But Kyle had given her a different outlook and that was what she was going to abide by.

And that was good because she had the go-ahead, she was going back home.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 188 - 188: Touchdown!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was informed about the plan to leave by Ella. She wanted to leave back to her apartment to pack her clothes but Kyle wasn't having any of that.

He informed her that there was no need for that because he could buy anything they needed.

Kyle just wanted to get out of there, he needed this more than them.

And his wish was granted because they were all ready to go in less than 30 minutes.

It took approximately an hour for them to arrive at their location or at least, in the city.

The scenery was different and Kyle could imagine how many spoiled rich kids grew up here.

Kyle liked the air here, it was different from the one he had grown accustomed to.

Ella and Jane were talking despite Jane sitting in the passenger seat.

She was his passenger princess but Kyle noticed Ella had gotten tense as they got closer to their destination.

"It is alright, you aren't alone," Kyle said and Ella flashed a weak smile through the rearview mirror where their eyes met.

"Besides, I want to see the kind of place you became this cringe emo edge lord," Kyle teased and this made her smile.

Kyle's eyes redirected to Jane and all he saw when his eyes settled on her was a loving woman.

"Don't look at me like that, you're making me nervous," Kyle said but it was Jane who got flustered immediately.

"So fucking cute!" Kyle thought to himself.

He knew having Ella in the passenger seat would have been ideal because this would make it easier for her to give him direction.

However, Kyle wanted Jane beside him as opposed to having Ella because he wanted her to feel special.

"Are we almost there yet?" Kyle asked, it felt like they had been on the road forever.

"Yes, we are," Ella said but Kyle realized that they were on a one-way road with a huge gate at the front.

"The hell…?" Kyle thought to himself. At the end of that gate, multiple buildings made it look like a gated community.

Jane had only been to Ella's house once but she was very young so the perception she had of it as a kid didn't do it justice whatsoever.

Kyle's jaws dropped, tilting his head back as he looked at Ella in disbelief.

"Who the hell are you!?" Kyle asked in shock.

He was even more astonished that she was fighting for her life when she had such wealth under her thumb.

Or at least had, Kyle knew that the situation she found herself in when she was younger couldn't be helped.

But it made her sacrifice all the more impressive but Kyle saw an opportunity here.

He needed to know more, he stopped at the gigantic gate stopping them from accessing the estate.

Kyle hoped that they would be allowed in because in a few seconds, a few heavily armed men approached them, they had assault rifles strapped on them.

"Is this the fucking military base?" Kyle whispered to her, the men didn't equip their guns but their body language showed that they wouldn't hesitate if the situation called for it.

"Hello there partner," A man with a thick southern accent greeted, he was muscular but Kyle could tell he couldn't escape old age.

The saggy skin hanging on his face told him that this man was well into his sixties and must be the leader of this little squadron.

"Hello there sir, I think I have someone here that belongs to you," Kyle was cheeky but noticed that Jane's body had stiffened.

"Can you lower the back window for me, partner?" The man requested to which Kyle complied, it would take a madman to try and rob this place with the amount of security present.

The back window was lowered and the man walked there to see who else was in the vehicle.

"Aren't they expecting us?" Kyle thought to himself but the man soon screamed.

"EVERYONE ON THE GODDAMN GROUND! CODE RED! CODE RED!"

Jane's heart sank but before it could escalate, they heard laughter from the back.

"You old bag! How are you still alive!?" Ella questioned.

"I'm a lot tougher than I look," The man responded before signalling for the gate to be opened.

Ella knew him, he was one of the few people she got along with because she treated him more than security personnel but back then, he didn't hold this position and was a normal security guard so he wasn't treated with much regard.

This was why Ella's treatment stood out for him because she didn't need to do that but chose to.

"My parents should have taken a memo from your book," Ella rolled her eyes and the man's facial expression went cold.

"I'M KIDDING!" Ella had to quickly say when she realized she was using her humour with the wrong person.

"Don't mind her, that is how she copes," Kyle chimed in, grabbing Jane's hand in the process.

This brought her back but Kyle didn't even look at her and Jane felt her raging heart slow.

Kyle drove through the gates and knew that Ella was a different kind of money and was glad that he got into her good books.

If she could reconcile with her sister then there was no doubt that she could have a huge piece of this wealth that came with unimaginable influence.

Influence that money couldn't buy but Kyle was getting ahead of himself and knew he had to calm down.

There were women in uniform, ladies and men he assumed to be maids and butlers waiting at the entrance of the biggest house within this compound.

Kyle realized the gigantic houses beside them were quarters for the staff, if anything he was looking at a building that rivalled the Whitehouse in size.

But if it was only one person living here, it wouldn't make sense to live in such a big house alone but who was he to tell the rich how to live their life?

Kyle parked the car and before he knew it, a man sprung out of nowhere and offered to drive his car to the designated parking spot.

Kyle accepted but not before opening the car door for both Jane and Ella because he thought that Ella was exiled from this household but it looked like there were people who held her in high regard despite that.

This showed the kind of person she was if nothing else and Kyle wanted to show that he was treating her right so in turn, he would gain their favour.

Kyle glanced over at Ella and saw the look on her face, he had only heard bad things about this place but she was nostalgic just being here again.

Kyle knew she needed a moment to take it all in but wondered if her sister was around.

They didn't throw her out or refuse her entry, did this mean that they recognized her as some sort of authority in this household?

"Are we going to go in?" Kyle asked with a raised brow and this brought Ella back from her nostalgic trance.

"Don't mind me! Follow me!" Ella said, dragging Jane by the hand as the two ladies entered the house, leaving Kyle behind.

Kyle noticed the workers were on the younger side despite a few being older but at that age, what could they do?

There was a chance that they filled in the role of a mentor, who else was best equipped to train the younger generation than those who spent their entire life here?

Even though Ella remembered her parents hiring external workers so they could have an idea of how the outside world was.

Kyle shrugged, walking past them and inside the house, a single step within told him of the insurmountable wealth that these people possessed.

Every single thing here looked like they cost a fortune but Kyle had no idea where Ella or Jane were either.

"A house you can get lost in, what insanity…" Kyle mumbled but heard a voice beside him.

"Is there anything we can get for you, sir?" A man asked; he had on a white tuxedo with three maids behind him, waiting for Kyle to say what he wanted.

"Nothing for now, thank you very much but I do have a question," Kyle said and the man gave him his full attention.

"What will that be, sir?" The butler asked but Kyle looked over his shoulder to make sure neither Ella nor Jane was behind him.

Once he confirmed he was in the clear, he proceeded with what he wished to ask the butler.

"Is Ella's sister around?" Kyle questioned but the butler shook his head to deny this.

"I'm afraid Miss Cleopatra is not available but she will be joining us shortly," The man responded.

Kyle was satisfied with this answer and caught a glimpse of the maids standing behind him but averted his gaze just as fast when he heard laughter in the next compartment.

"Found you…" Kyle muttered under his breath in relief.

"Women," Kyle whispered to himself with a quirky smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 189 - 189: A Crack?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Calista had made arrangements to meet with the strange woman who supposedly knew Kyle. She didn't know how to process the situation because, ultimately, this was her betraying Kyle. That was why she hadn't kept him in the loop—there was no telling what could happen if he knew. It could be the end of their relationship, but if she met the woman and nothing happened, there would be no need to tell Kyle, either way.

Calista knew she had little to lose, but she was aware it had to be somewhere where she wasn't well-known. The last thing she wanted was to be recognized and have pictures taken while she was with this person.

She arrived at the location with Lorenzo, the first time they were meeting outside of work, which showed that Lorenzo was interested in deepening their bond outside of the office. This was understandable, as having a colleague in the industry could be helpful, but unlike her, Lorenzo wasn't as famous, despite his good looks.

"You look nervous," Lorenzo said, seated beside her as she watched the entrance of the restaurant with such intent.

"I'm just worried, that's all," Calista confessed, though Lorenzo didn't know the gravity of the situation.

"It will be fine, and if it isn't, we'll deal with it," Lorenzo reassured her, placing his hand on top of hers.

Despite his sexuality, Calista was clearly uncomfortable and removed her hand from his.

"I'll be fine, but thank you for coming here with me," Calista said, appreciative.

Lorenzo didn't take it to heart, as everyone had their different boundaries. If anything, he liked that she reinforced hers, knowing not to do this again.

"Anything for the famous Calista," Lorenzo said with a cheeky smile, but at that moment, someone walked into the restaurant.

She looked like someone who didn't belong. The way her head darted left and right anxiously, clearly searching for someone, was telling. The moment her eyes settled on Calista, she immediately walked out without confronting her.

"What the hell?" Calista blurted out.

"Wait!" Calista shouted before dashing toward her, but this took Lorenzo off guard. He couldn't catch up to her because he had to pay for what they had eaten.

Calista made it outside, but the woman was nowhere to be seen. Calista clicked her tongue in frustration, realizing that the woman must have been frightened out of her mind seeing her with someone else. She had told her to come alone, but Calista hadn't extended the same courtesy.

"Fuck!" Calista cursed aloud, because she hadn't gotten a clear view of the woman's face either.

This was a failure, at least for her, because the woman had only observed her from a distance. Her intention? Unknown.

But one thing was certain, Calista had played right into her hands.

-

Kyle entered the room with the rest of the ladies and could hear them giggling, but the moment they saw him, they straightened up.

"Um, I like jokes as well, you know?" Kyle noticed the shift in energy, but the ladies didn't budge.

"It's girl talk. Now, who's ready for a tour?" Ella dismissed his curiosity and quickly changed the subject.

Kyle knew it couldn't be anything harmful to begin with, or Jane wouldn't entertain it. He trusted Jane to put him first. This was the type of person she was, and in a month, he'd gotten to know a side of her that took Ella years to reach.

"Careful now, or we might get lost," Kyle said, but Ella knew he was exaggerating.

"Scared? You can wait in the car," Ella teased, but Kyle just shook his head.

Jane liked how they went back and forth, but Kyle was doing all of this because he knew the world he was about to dive into would give him little to no time to spend with them. He would be busy once the completion of that movie came to pass because that's when the next set of projects would come in.

Depending on the movie's success, Kyle was willing to use his money to bump up the numbers if it had a poor showing at the box office. He planned to buy out multiple cinemas and allow people to view the movie for free for a week.

Imagine a full cinema for a week? The returns would be justified, but Kyle knew he could get into trouble now that his face was out there. There was a face to the name, unfortunately, but this was a good introduction.

There's nothing more appealing to the public than gossip, but Kyle had to focus on Ella. No, he had to see what kind of person her sister was. Whoever she was, she was a powerful woman. She inherited everything their parents worked for all their lives, and the fact that he was going to meet her today meant he would get a piece of that influence.

He was shown around the house, and the more rooms they explored, the more impressed Kyle became. He couldn't believe that one person got to experience all of this alone, but Kyle realized this was the sort of life he sought—a life where he had people do the mundane house chores, but not in a house as big as this.

They had a tennis court at the back, along with a golf course further back. It felt like a small city, and Kyle understood why security was needed.

It took a little over thirty minutes, but the fact that she wasn't done showing them around seemed ridiculous. But Kyle noticed she hadn't taken them to a wing of the house, a place he assumed to be where her parents slept.

It would be understandable why she wouldn't show them there, considering she hadn't processed it in a healthy manner. Kyle knew it was best to keep his mouth shut; there was no point in exacerbating the highly emotional situation.

"Lady Ella, it appears your sister has arrived," the butler said, appearing out of nowhere.

The fact that he wasn't following them around but knew exactly where to find her had Kyle in awe. There was no way this man had learned the act of teleportation, but Kyle was also surprised that they allowed her this much freedom. That was strange for someone supposedly exiled, or did that end with the passing of her parents?

That wouldn't make sense. There had to be a reason why she had this much freedom other than being kind to them. Ella's sister must have granted them access, but it was beginning to sound like their relationship wasn't as strained as Ella would have them believe.

A look at Ella's face changed that perspective. She looked like she had heard the worst news of her life, her hands trembling as if she were phasing out of existence.

"Woah! Calm down!" Kyle exclaimed, even Jane hadn't noticed this as quickly as Kyle because her attention was still on the butler.

"I-I'm fine," Ella tried to dismiss it, but her shaking only got worse. Kyle pulled her into an embrace.

Jane watched this, not knowing what to do herself, but Kyle somehow managed to do it.

"You aren't alone. Don't forget that… You don't have to carry that burden alone anymore," Kyle said, and Ella's trembling soon came to a halt.

Jane looked at Kyle, and for the first time, felt jealousy because Kyle could do what she couldn't. She had known Ella for so long, but Kyle was the one who learned how to comfort her.

Jane just watched as Ella wrapped her arms around him without much hesitation.

"What's going on?" Jane thought to herself. She didn't understand the feelings welling up inside her because this was something she had no problem with previously.

"Are you good?" Kyle asked, and Ella nodded before letting go of him.

Kyle looked at Jane, standing awkwardly, and realized she must be feeling left out. But he knew now wasn't the time to be patronizing.

"I'll be right back," Ella said.

"Do you want me to come with you?" Jane asked, making a conscious effort to still show up for her best friend.

"No, I think it's best if I do it alone. No, I have to do it alone," Ella said before leaving Jane and Kyle alone together.

"Hey, come here," Kyle called over to Jane. He knew she wouldn't want to be selfish and make the situation about her.

Jane walked closer to him, and Kyle wrapped his arm around her waist.

"We finally have some alone time, and I have to say, you look fucking stunning. I'm fighting everything in me not to kiss you," Kyle complimented her.

Jane tried to look away to hide her flustered face, but Kyle wasn't about to make it that easy. He leaned in and kissed her.

This made her mind go blank, and she forgot about what she was worried about just a second ago. Kyle gave her the reassurance she didn't know she needed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 190 - 190: I Know You!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle and Jane waited for Ella to be done with her sister, the interesting part about all of this was that they had access to the house.

Their freedom wasn't restricted and they could walk wherever they wanted which was strange considering they could easily be thieves.

Trusting strangers to this degree was a foolish thing to do regardless of how you looked at it.

However, Kyle suspected that they had cameras installed, which is why they could easily find Ella, but he needed to see her sister.

"What kind of person is her sister?" Kyle casually asked Jane. She couldn't blame him for being curious.

"I don't know how to say it but she is an intense person," Jane tried her hardest to be polite because the last thing she needed was for Kyle to have a negative impression.

"Intense, huh? So a bitch?" Kyle asked and Jane almost choked on her saliva.

She knew Kyle would get the message, but she wasn't eager to say it herself.

Jane had no interest in badmouthing her even though she disliked her for all the things she put Ella through but hate would be too hard a word.

Everyone had their story and Jane was the type of lady who chose to see the good in people even though that person caused her friend unimaginable trauma.

Ultimately, Ella was just a kid, and this was a result of bad parenting. Parents had to fill roles regardless of how busy they were, and they had failed at that.

"Is something wrong?" Jane asked upon noticing Kyle's silence but all Kyle did was smile at her.

"Everything is fine, do you think we will meet her?" Kyle asked.

"I think so, she would want to see us, wouldn't she?" Jane asked.

"I wouldn't know silly, that is why I'm asking you," Kyle responded. Jane didn't know what else to say but they heard a set of voices coming closer to them.

This was no doubt Ella's voice but she was talking to someone else that he presumed to be her sister.

Ella first came into view but the beauty that came in right after made Kyle readjust his eyes.

"Wait…" Kyle thought to himself, he knew that he had heard that voice somewhere before and there was no doubt that the lady before him was the exact same woman he saw at the party.

The body and every other measurement were identical, Kyle knew this with certainty due to his Total Recall.

The woman's eyes settled on him but Kyle knew she didn't recognize him she didn't care enough to allow him to stick in her head.

"So who is this?" Cleopatra asked with a raised brow and this was his queue to introduce himself but Kyle realized that she knew his name.

There was no way she wouldn't put the pieces together if she heard that name.

"You know what? I don't care, how about you tell me when you're bringing your servant with you next time, dear sister," Cleopatra said and this confirmed it.

This was no doubt the same woman and Kyle smiled at this response, he couldn't give who he was away.

"Jane…" Cleopatra acknowledged her presence and Jane nodded in her direction.

"I was surprised when I got the call that you wanted to see Mom and Dad," Cleopatra said but Ella knew that they couldn't respond to her triggers because once she gets under their skin, it is over.

Cleopatra had a knack for such things but Kyle couldn't believe his fortune.

He had met this woman before and had the advantage because she had no idea who he was.

-

Calista failed horrendously at her attempt at meeting Kyle's sister, she checked her socials and realized that the account was no longer in existence.

"What the hell?" Calista thought to herself, in her attempt to keep a low profile she used a cab to get here.

Calista went back home to get some much-needed rest, feeling like a fool because while this confirmed that Kyle might have a sister, there was a chance that whoever was claiming to be here wasn't.

She lay on the bed, her arms stretched on either side of the bed but she couldn't understand what was happening.

This would have been a lot easier if Klye had been honest with her about his past, she wouldn't need to take this deceptive route either.

Calista knew it might be time to visit him but realized that the lady might be there.

She didn't want to do anything that would piss him off so she had to control herself.

She missed Kyle and the way he made her feel but he was a busy man and Ella's phone wasn't going through either.

Calista thought about calling it quits with her because she knew she was playing with fire.

Even though Kyle didn't tell her to stay away, her common sense told her this would be the right thing to do.

"What the hell am I doing?" Calista thought to herself but she soon heard a bang at the front door.

With the presence of a doorbell, this was a strange alternative to alert her of a potential visitor.

This only put her on guard, she wasn't about to risk it either and was ready to dial 911 right away should this person prove to be troublesome.

Calista cautiously walked to the door and noticed that the door was open.

"Did I forget to lock it!?" Calista thought to herself. This was something that happened every now and then because this was a low-crime neighbourhood.

"Whoever is here, leave now!" Calista warned. She had already dialed the police because she couldn't risk it.

If this was some sort of prank then she could play it off but either way, it was better to be safe rather than sorry.

"I don't think I would do that if I were you," A voice said behind her, Calista immediately turned around to see a lady standing behind her.

"You wanted to meet, here I am," The lady said and at approximately this moment, the 911 call went through.

Calista had to make sure she was the only one here before dropping that call.

"If you don't mind, I helped myself to some water," The lady said but she wasn't worried at all despite her having a phone in hand.

"You are here…" Calista said, hanging up the phone but she kept her distance.

"Well then, what do you want to know?" The lady asked with a smile on her face.

-

Aiysha was left in a position that left her vulnerable because this was one thing she knew she couldn't tell her husband.

Aiysha had a decision to make but she couldn't push Kyle out of her mind.

She didn't know he was that big but this was something that made her nervous.

Aiysha knew she couldn't look at him the same either because that image was forever in her head.

She remained in the gym and saw Tasha doing what she did best, she presented herself to the other male members like she was some sort of cargo.

Aiysha didn't know how she was comfortable doing such a thing but there was something that her relationship allowed.

That was the freedom to explore, Aiysha knew she wasn't necessarily cheating because the boyfriend was aware of these things.

This was strange because it was something she didn't see herself doing, Aiysha knew the moment she let another man touch her.

It was over because the guilt would eat her up but that didn't mean the thought didn't cross her mind.

"Girl! How do you know him!?" Tasha sprung out of nowhere.

"Huh?" Aiysha was confused about what she meant because her presence had not only startled her but jumbled up her thoughts.

"That man, I thought he was going to pin me to the wall when he shut the door on me!" Tasha was so shameless when it came to talking about these things but it made Aiysha uncomfortable talking about Kyle this way.

"Hahaha, he has a girlfriend…" Aiysha warned Tasha.

"Even better," Tasha licked her lips, Aiysha knew she might have made a mistake because Kyle was going to keep coming here which meant that Tasha would have her chance.

"I felt it…" Tasha muttered under her breath, clasping her thighs shut.

"I felt it pushed up against me… But I wanted him to shove it into me and have his way but he resisted," Tasha said with a tinge of disappointment.

"I never knew white boys packed like that, he had the BWC," Tasha kept going and Aiysha was visualizing the experience that Tasha was describing, gulping in the process.

"Are you alright?" Tasha asked and Aiysha quickly excused herself.

"Y-You talk too much girl!" Aiysha said before rushing to the locker room, she had no idea what was going on with her but her body was responding in a way she didn't want it to.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 191 - 191: A Harmless Lie?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle met with Cleopatra but she didn't recognize him and ignored his existence.

She focused solely on Jane and Ella, speaking to them as they walked around the house.

Kyle felt like a fourth wheel but didn't mind this because his eyes were scouting the building carefully, retaining every single detail within.

Ella and Jane were tense. They were scared of Cleopatra, but how could someone so small command such intimidation?

"Cleo, where are Mom and Dad?" Ella asked the all-important question, but Cleopatra stopped in her tracks.

"They are dead, you might have forgotten seeing as you missed their funeral," Cleopatra mocked her.

Kyle noticed that Ella didn't speak out of line and despite Cleopatra being a bitch, Ella was docile around her older sister.

"Of course you would. The daughter who couldn't bear the shame, so she ran away like a coward," Cleopatra said, and Kyle noticed that neither Ella nor Jane was saying anything to her.

He expected the woman to be a lot more level-headed but she was a rude lady. Kyle didn't care much about Ella being insulted because this was her family.

If she chose to be verbally abused, it was on her because she was a grown woman who was accountable for her actions.

Kyle knew trauma had a role to play but for how long could one blame trauma for their unwillingness to overcome it?

That was her responsibility, this was her journey and Kyle wasn't going to intervene.

The only reason he would was if this woman dared to insult Jane.

He would have no choice but to step in and put an immediate stop to it.

"Jane, why do you follow her around?" Cleopatra asked and Kyle's eyes glared at her.

"You must be just as use-!" Cleopatra was interrupted.

"That is enough," Kyle said, this shocked the women because they had told Kyle to not react to her.

"What did you just say?" Cleopatra asked but Kyle made sure to alter his voice slightly so he wouldn't sound the same.

If it did, there was a chance that she would recognize who he was and that was something that Kyle couldn't risk.

In truth, there was always that 1% that Cleopatra wasn't who he thought she was even though that was unlikely but not impossible.

Kyle kept that possibility at the back of his mind and knew he had to show this woman, whoever she was, that she had to watch her mouth.

"For someone that speaks so much, I would think your ears would work just as well as your mouth," Kyle said, stepping in front of both Ella and Jane.

"I don't know you but I will not allow you to disrespect these two any further. If that is what you wish to do, we will leave," Kyle said.

He knew that this woman had no reason to allow them inside the mansion.

If it was within her power, she would have turned down Ella so there had to be a deeper reason why they were here.

If this was the case then there was no way that Cleopatra would throw them out of the house simply because Kyle spoke back.

This was what Kyle banked on because he was aware that it was up to him to make a strong first impression.

Jane subtly smiled alongside Ella, this was the protection they had craved for so long.

"You insolent…!" Cleopatra was furious that he dared to speak against her.

Kyle was surprised she didn't recognize him in all honesty, this must be a Superman/Kent Clark moment.

It was her perception because he had identical features but maybe it was because the mask had hidden the green tinges mixed into his hair that made it difficult.

Kyle didn't care about this but he wasn't backing down either, he was going to stand his ground.

"Well? Are you going to be more respectful?" Kyle asked to which she rolled her eyes in annoyance.

"You have some guts I give you that. It looks like my sister is now dating someone who has a spine for a change," Cleopatra said but everyone was confused.

However, they knew that this would work in their favour if her older sister thought they were dating as there was a tone of respect.

Jane looked at Kyle and gave him a subtle nod, he had her permission because she understood the situation they were in.

The fact that Ella didn't shoot down this notion right away was something to note as well.

Kyle knew he had to put on the performance of his life without crossing any boundaries at the same time which would be difficult to do if he wanted to make this convincing.

He could see the slight down in Cleopatra's eyes and this made him put his hand around Ella's waist.

"Do you want us to leave? I expect the next word out of your mouth to be an apology," Kyle said sternly, looking her right in the eyes.

He could tell that Cleopatra was suspicious of him but he didn't know if this was because she found him familiar or due to his relationship with her sister.

Cleopatra kissed her teeth and turned around, Kyle already knew that was the best he was going to get but Ella looked up at him with a slight smile.

This took her back to the restaurant where he protected her as well when she felt awkward.

"To think you would go as far as hiring an actor to play boyfriend is quite sad…" Cleopatra scoffed at the ridiculousness.

"... And the only reason I haven't kicked you out is because there is something that Mom and dad wanted me to give you," Cleopatra added.

Jane and Ella were aware that she would look down on Ella even more if she found out that Kyle wasn't her boyfriend but the good news was that they could all hear the uncertainty in her voice.

This meant that she wasn't certain herself if this was true or false but what had Ella's attention was the fact that her parents had left something for her.

"What?" Ella blurted out involuntarily because Cleopatra had told her something different when they met at the hospital.

She was certain her parents wouldn't want her to be at their funeral but this would explain why Cleopatra let her in.

It wasn't because she suddenly had a heart but rather, due to this which made a lot more sense.

"That is right, follow me," Cleopatra said and Ella was reluctant because she didn't know what her sister was up to.

"Only you, if I may add," Cleopatra reinforced, looking at Kyle with disgust.

Kyle sighed as he removed his hand from her waist to allow her to go with her sister.

Cleopatra had her eyes on him before looking at Jane and right then, a grin creased her face as if she had discovered something. However, this was an act that escaped Kyle's gaze because his attention shifted from Ella to Jane for a split second.

-

Calista was with a strange woman in her house claiming to be Kyle's sister.

She was quite the beauty with a prominent scar just below her cheek but it looked like one gotten over the years because it was barely visible.

Calista hosted and realized how she would have been in trouble if this was anyone else.

The fact that she was followed already made this a dangerous situation because she now knew where she lived.

"I'm sorry for my manner of approach earlier. It is just that I knew if I met you there, I had no other means to reach you," The lady said but Calista didn't think much of this because it was an opportunity to get to know Kyle through her.

"I understand, you must have been worried about Kyle if you were willing to go to such lengths but how do I know what you're saying is true?" Calista questioned with a raised brow.

The lady reached for her purse and rummaged through it but Calista was on guard because she had no idea what it was she was looking for.

She had stalked her already, broken into her home so there was no telling what she was capable of. Calista was endangering herself but it was a risk she hoped was worth it.

"Here," The lady said, handing her a photograph.

Calista kept an eye on her as she carefully looked at the picture but her jaws dropped the moment she saw who was in it.

It was Kyle, there was no doubt that this was him but there was something off-putting about the look in his eyes. Calista looked in them but saw no one, they were empty, very similar to the man she met that day.

"Do you need any more evidence?" The lady asked but Calista was hesitant, returning the picture.

"What is your name?" Calista asked hesitantly only for the lady to smile as she said.

"Kelly,"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 192 - 192: A Night To Forget?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ella was alone with Cleopatra, and she noticed her sister's demeanor had changed despite Cleopatra's best attempts to hide it. She led her into a room that their parents had kept off-limits to them as kids. They weren't allowed anywhere near it, so it wasn't an exaggeration to say that Ella had never been in it. This was because she left the house at an early age and had never been considered part of the family. Naturally, they allowed Cleopatra in once they deemed her old enough to handle herself in such a situation.

She was the heir to everything they had worked so hard in life for but it was a pity that they didn't live long enough to see Cleopatra extend their bloodline with a husband and a child.

"Something is wrong," Ella thought to herself as she noticed little jars scattered around the room with names attached. She could barely make out the names because the room was barely illuminated, but she noticed that the air in here was chilly. For an average citizen, this would run their bills through the roof, but not to Cleopatra. Money was the last thing on her mind because she had enough to last multiple lifetimes.

However, this was a room where her family line for centuries had been cremated and kept inside but Ella was oblivious to this fact.

"Here it is…" Cleopatra said. Ella could hear her voice crack slightly, but her older sister never once turned to look at her. Ella stepped forward and noticed her parents' names on two separate jars. The anger she carried toward them melted at that very moment. She had thought they were buried, but it looked like they were cremated.

"They wanted you to come, but only of your own volition," Cleopatra said, the crack in her voice becoming more prominent. Ella just stood there, paralyzed. Seeing a huge tombstone would have been better than this because it meant they were within arm's reach.

"B-But you said…! YOU SAID-!" Ella nearly lost her temper, expecting Cleopatra to shoot her down with her usual condescending tone.

"I know what I said, but I had to do that to make sure you weren't just coming because they had passed, but because you wanted to," Cleopatra confessed, though this wasn't an excuse for her selfish act.

"Here," Cleopatra handed her an envelope, but Ella was trembling so hard that it was hard to grab it.

"You're allowed to hate me in their stead, Ella," Cleopatra said before placing the paper in her hand and taking a step back.

"You have no right… You have no fucking right to say that! It isn't fair!" Ella barked, but Cleopatra didn't react. She knew Ella had years of resentment that she needed to let out. Cleopatra gestured for her to open the letter in her hand, but Ella was hesitant because she didn't know what awaited her.

Ella didn't know this situation would affect her so deeply. She thought she was over it, but everything came rushing to the surface. She had been the black sheep for so long that she nearly lost herself in that image. If she didn't have Jane, it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say she would have died long ago due to her addiction to drugs. This family ruined her. Whatever was in that letter was a little too late, but Ella couldn't help herself; she had to see the last words her parents spoke to her.

"No… Not now," Ella said, lowering the envelope. She wasn't ready and had no plans to rush a moment this important either.

"Very well then, you're free to spend the night here," Cleopatra welcomed her sister, but her cold voice had returned.

"I can?" Ella was surprised, but she wasn't going to turn it down. She still secretly sought her older sister's approval.

"Yes, along with your 'friends,' I will have the maids prepare Jane's room," Cleopatra said.

This took Ella a moment to process, but it hit her—she had to spend the night in the same room as Kyle. She didn't know how Jane would take it, but this was taking things a step too far. She thought about coming clean or refusing her sister's offer, but the words couldn't leave her mouth.

"Or you can refuse?" Cleopatra suggested with a smirk, knowing there was no way her younger sister would pass up this opportunity. She knew that despite Ella's rebellion, she sought a family that would love her unconditionally. Cleopatra began to understand that her parents' ideals might be archaic, but it was part of the rules they had to follow. Even though Cleopatra was gradually breaking out of this cliché, Ella accepted her offer to spend the night.

She didn't know if Cleopatra was manipulating her, but whatever was in the letter in her hand must have been important. The fact that it remained unopened by Cleopatra showed that her sister might have retained some level of respect. Or rather, it showed the respect she had for their parents.

Cleopatra dismissed Ella. "You know what? I think I might spend the night here with you all and get to know my little sister's boyfriend," she said, but sarcasm laced her voice.

Ella rolled her eyes before sticking the letter in her back pocket. "You haven't changed. That is disappointing…" she mouthed off, but before she knew it, Cleopatra wrapped her hand around her neck and pushed her up against the wall.

"What the fuck did you just say to me?" Cleopatra barked at her sister. She was so strong despite her slender frame. Ella clawed at her sister, but it wasn't enough to break free. Eventually, Cleopatra let go, and Ella dropped to her knees, gasping for the air her older sister had restricted.

She forgot for a brief moment that Cleopatra believed in physical force, and the fact that she had a black belt didn't help either—it allowed her the power to exercise this belief.

"I will pardon you seeing as it is our first time meeting after so long, but don't you ever forget your place. My dear Ella," Cleopatra said before walking away.

Ella was left with eyes filled with tears. She forgot how abusive Cleopatra could be because she wasn't a woman scared of using physical violence. This was a trait that Ella unknowingly inherited from her older sister. Cleopatra had shown the same willingness to hurt others growing up, even though she lacked the proper skills. Unlike her, Cleopatra was trained in hand-to-hand combat.

-

Kyle and Jane were outside, wondering why it was taking so long for Ella to come out, but they didn't have to wait long because Cleopatra soon came out. It didn't take even thirty seconds before Ella followed suit, and it was obvious to anyone with two eyes that Ella was out of it.

Cleopatra made sure not to leave any bruises on her younger sister, not because she was scared, but simply because she didn't know anything about the man she had brought. If he was truly her boyfriend, this little test of hers would confirm that.

Cleopatra could tell with a single glance that Jane was interested in Kyle. She didn't know if this was a love triangle, but she knew it was an opportunity to test just how strong their friendship was. There was no friendship stronger than human desire, and right now, she found a chance to take away the one thing that kept her sister sane.

Ella came out wearing a smile. Kyle and Jane knew not to ask what went on inside. Ella told them they would be spending the night but didn't go into details of how the night would unfold. Jane already felt uneasy during that embrace, but it wasn't because she didn't trust them. No, it was because Kyle was filling roles in Ella's life that had always been hers to fill for so long.

"Stay together in one room?" Jane asked, but Kyle could tell she was uncomfortable.

"That is ridiculous… What will this prove?" Kyle asked, but he could tell Ella had given this some thought already.

"W-We don't have to do it," Ella muttered, but this was the first divide in their relationship. There were so many ways this could go south, but Kyle trusted himself enough to know that nothing would happen. It was Ella, after all. He must not stick his cock into every woman he came across, and Ella was off-limits.

What bothered him was Cleopatra choosing to stay here. Kyle couldn't help but wonder about her motives for offering such an invitation.

"It is fine. You can spend the night with Kyle," Jane said, extending her trust to both of them. This wasn't about her, after all, and they wouldn't get this opportunity again to rub Cleopatra's face in it.

"Thank you so much, Jane! I owe you both big time!" Ella said, but the tension had begun to build.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 193 - 193: Cleopatra's Evil Plan.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The arrangements were made, and time was the only condition yet to be met. It was also the one thing that passed by so quickly that one would think Cleopatra had access to a time machine.

They ate to their heart's content; some of the best chefs were here, and the fact that this was a place Cleopatra rarely stayed in made it special. This meant they had the house to themselves, but they remained professional even without her to command or instruct them. This showed discipline, as there was still authority present in the house. However, they didn't wear fancy clothes.

"It's time," Ella said at the table. They hadn't seen her sister since their earlier conversation, but judging by the parked car, they knew she was around—unless she had taken one of the numerous cars she had available.

"Jane, are you sure you're fine with this?" Kyle asked, making sure. Jane nodded to confirm.

"I am," Jane responded, but this time, her body language showed that she wasn't just saying it to help her friend. She had had time to process it and was becoming more accepting of the situation. After all, these were the same two people who had gone on a date before, and nothing had happened. What was the difference now? Even if it meant she would be sleeping alone.

"Then it's decided," Kyle said with an exhausted sigh, wondering how he had gotten himself into this mess. He should have kept his mouth shut. If he had, he wouldn't have been dragged into their family drama. But he also had to stand up for Jane. He couldn't allow her to be disrespected in his presence because he knew how sensitive she was about such things.

"I'll escort you to your room to make sure everything is all right in there. Ella, wait for me here, or I might get lost," Kyle said.

Jane knew this would inconvenience Kyle and didn't want to make the situation any worse.

"I-I'm fine—!" Jane was interrupted by Kyle, his voice stern.

"I wasn't asking for permission."

Jane's mouth immediately clamped shut, but a smile crept onto her face because Kyle had reminded her that she came first with this action.

Ella watched on, not understanding why she was nervous, but she knew she was going to spend the night with Kyle. She hadn't shared a room with him for so long, even though she knew they wouldn't be sleeping in the same bed.

-

Kyle escorted Jane, keeping the fact that he had met Cleopatra to himself. No one knew about it because he knew it could complicate things. He also knew it was none of their business—he had to keep his work and personal life separate.

Kyle had to tell himself that he might be mistaken. This was the lie he told himself. He looked at Jane, and she looked at the ground. He instantly knew that he would rather be spending the night with her.

"I'm sorry about this," Kyle apologized. The way she looked at him in response told him that she wasn't expecting such an apology.

"It's fine," Jane muttered, but Kyle wasn't going to accept that.

"It isn't. I didn't consider how you would feel about this. It was a selfish decision on my part, but I couldn't listen to her speak poorly of you. I don't care if she's the Queen of England," Kyle said, and Jane couldn't contain her smile. It was so wide that it seemed her cheeks might burst from it.

"…No one disrespects you in my presence, princess," Kyle added, and Jane giggled softly.

"T-Thank you," Jane said, showing her gratitude.

They soon arrived at their location, standing in front of the door where they would part ways.

"It's taking everything in me not to touch you right now," Kyle said, his face gentle.

"I really want to touch you," he admitted, but he knew that if he did, he wouldn't be able to stop.

"I-I want to be touched by you," Jane confessed. She was getting more expressive about these things, much to Kyle's relief because now he could verbally confirm that she desired him as much as he did her.

Kyle knew there were others in the building, but would that mean they saw him acting all lovey-dovey with her earlier when Ella had gone to meet her sister for the first time? That was a possibility, and Cleopatra might have done it intentionally to turn them against each other.

Kyle knew from their first meeting that Cleopatra was manipulative, so this wasn't out of the question. He had developed a new theory: What if Cleopatra knew about his relationship with Jane because of the cameras he suspected were in the mansion? But knowing her sister still secretly sought her approval, she might have referred to him as Ella's boyfriend to throw them off.

If that was the case, what would putting them in the same room achieve? They both would have to be willing for anything to happen. This told Kyle that Cleopatra wasn't done. This couldn't be her trump card, but Kyle wasn't about to play into her games, even though he had unknowingly walked into a web.

But even prey can become the predator with the right conditions, and Kyle was going to create those conditions. He left Jane and began his journey back to Ella so they could go together to the room.

-

Ella sat quietly, waiting for Kyle to return so they could head to the bedroom. But she couldn't help thinking about the possibility of something happening. It was an intrusive thought that had nothing to do with how she felt about Kyle—everyone has them.

More than that, she respected the fact that Jane trusted her enough to let them share a private space. She wasn't going to take that for granted, but she needed advice, and there was one person she could turn to—Calista.

Before her intrusive thoughts could win, Kyle walked into the room, interrupting them. Ella immediately cleared her throat and dismissed the thought.

"How did she take it?" Ella asked.

"She's fine with it, and this time, she's not just faking it," Kyle responded, but Ella could tell he sounded irritated, as if he wanted to get it over with.

This made her feel guilty because this was happening because of her. If she had spoken up right away, this wouldn't be happening. But Kyle had the finances and status to gain some respect from her older sister.

They walked to the room, but Kyle held her hand. Ella knew he didn't have to do this, but he had to make it convincing if there were cameras around. That would also explain why they could leave the workers in the house.

"The house… does it have cameras?" Kyle asked in a hushed voice.

"No, not that I remember. My parents valued privacy above all," Ella responded.

"You think we're being watched?" Ella asked, but if that was the case, if there were truly no cameras, it would nullify Kyle's earlier theory.

"Are you sure?" Kyle asked, but Ella hesitated before responding.

"A lot of things could have changed over the years, so I wouldn't rule it out," Ella said.

"I guess you'll need to be prime Angelina Jolie tonight because we need to sell this," Kyle said. Ella wondered what he meant, though she didn't say it out loud.

"You're so weird," Ella teased, but Kyle rolled his eyes in irritation.

"Hey, is that any way to talk to your boyfriend?" Kyle asked, which was enough to diffuse the awkward tension between them.

"Very funny," Ella said, but Kyle realized that this wasn't a big deal in the grand scheme of things.

"Think of it this way: You get to enjoy a fraction of what Jane enjoys every day," Kyle boasted, but Ella only rolled her eyes in response.

She knew Kyle was cocky, but she also couldn't deny that she was curious about experiencing even a fraction of how he treated Jane. It wasn't because she was envious or wished she were the one Kyle was dating, but simply out of curiosity.

They arrived at their door, and Kyle was surprised not only by how big it was but also by the setting. There was a sweet scent in the air.

"It looks like your sister made sure to set the mood," Kyle said with a sigh, but he couldn't deny her exquisite taste in candles because the scent was appealing.

Kyle sat on the corner couch, subtly observing the room to see if he could spot any cameras.

"I'll take the couch. You're welcome," Kyle said, but Ella snickered.

"You act like such an old man," Ella said before lying on the bed. What neither of them knew was that the candle in the room served as an aphrodisiac.

This was something that Kyle recognized a little too late because it didn't take long for the effects to start showing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 194 - 194: Run In With the...!? [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ella and Kyle were trapped in a room but that wasn't the worst-case scenario unfortunately because the candles in the room were having their effects.

"This feeling…" Kyle thought, his eyes shooting open as he quickly sprung to his feet to search for the candle.

"What is wrong with you?" Ella questioned, Kyle realized that she wasn't aware of what was happening and knew it was best to keep it that way because any conversation of sex or that nature was sure to put ideas in her mind.

Kyle couldn't have that as he knew how little it took to shape a person's subconscious.

"Nothing, can you help me find the candles? I don't like the smell," Kyle pointed out.

Ella found this behaviour strange as he had no reason to sound so serious.

Ella sighed as she got up to her feet but felt a little light-headed, almost stumbling.

Kyle had to act quickly to prevent her from falling but he inadvertently groped her breasts.

Kyle's hands sunk in, they were like quicksand.

"Mmmph!~" Ella inadvertently let out a moan.

"Fuck!" Kyle thought to himself, removing his hands from her breasts but at this moment, he knew the effects of the candles were already in effect.

Ella looked confused as to why he made that sound but Kyle kissed his teeth.

He needed to put it out before it had a greater effect and managed to locate the candle soon after, much to his relief.

Kyle put it out before instructing her to open the windows, Ella was still embarrassed by what had happened but Kyle already moved past it.

"Ella! I need you to focus!" Kyle almost screamed at her and luckily, this was enough to snap her back to reality.

Kyle planned to tell her what was going on because it would help her feel less guilty of being aroused.

Ella opened up the window to allow the candles to leave the room.

"It was the candles, wasn't it?" Ella picked up on it without Kyle informing her.

Kyle gave her a confirming nod before taking a deep breath.

"I never knew I would say this but your sister might be a sociopath," Kyle said, sitting back on the couch.

"Tell me about it," Ella muttered with a giggle but she could not push what had happened out of her head.

It has been ages since anyone has touched her in that way and even if it was an accident, Kyle did grope her breasts.

"It would be weird if there was a camera waiting to record us in case we did have sex to sell it on the black web," Kyle joked but this was a joke to remind Ella that nothing could happen regardless of how their body craved it.

This story would give yet another reason to keep themselves but Kyle underestimated the situation, not everyone had control over their urges and the aphrodisiac that Cleopatra used was anything but cheap.

Kyle was used to lust, he had gotten it out of his system recently as well but if he needed to, he could always leave the room if he needed to so he wasn't too pressed about the situation.

"You say the weirdest things!" Ella said but Kyle knew she remained standing.

"Are you good?" Kyle asked but Ella nodded to assure him that she was fine.

Kyle wasn't going to press it because he took her at her word, there was no reason to doubt her otherwise.

"I think I need to shower to cool off," Ella said and Kyle gave her a thumbs up, this should help her keep her urges under control and if needed, Ella could also satisfy herself.

Kyle was surprised that it didn't have that strong an effect on him, it was almost like his body had built some sort of resistance towards it.

This didn't mean he didn't feel it despite how minimal it was but Kyle wanted to know how Jane was doing.

If she was alone, she would be bored out of her mind and knew this was the perfect time to check-in.

Kyle took out his phone and shot her a text but to his surprise, the moment he began to type, he got a message from her.

[[Hi!]]

Jane sent the first message and Kyle realized she must have been rereading their previous messages to keep her sane in her room.

[[It looks like we are both thinking about each other.]] Kyle shot a text back but this put a smile on her face.

[[How is Ella?]] Jane was quick to include her friend in the conversation.

[[She is being a pain as usual but nothing I can't handle. I let her have the bed only because I am a gentleman.]] Kyle fired back and wished it was Jane in this room.

There were so many things he could do with that body but he was stuck with Ella unfortunately.

Heck, he wouldn't have minded the aphrodisiac, not that he needed to.

[[Please go easy on her. This is a lot harder than she is letting on.]] Jane showed a nurturing side to her that made Kyle know she would make an excellent mother.

[[I will, you trust me, don't you?]] Kyle asked.

[[With my life.]] Jane responded.

Kyle had saved her life and this was something she was never going to take for granted because it was an act that showed her he was willing to give up his life for her.

An act that superseded everything else not to mention he was her first so there was a psychological bond that had been established with this.

You know what they say, you never forget your first and this was a statement rooted in some truth.

Kyle smiled at the text but knew he had to leave the room to avoid an awkward situation with Ella once she came out of the bathroom attached to the room.

Kyle had his fair share of such awkwardness and wanted no part in what could potentially happen.

Besides, it wouldn't be a bad idea to explore the mansion, they weren't prisoners after all and were allowed this much freedom.

If they had cameras then there was no need to worry especially with the security stationed at the gate.

Kyle took a step out of the room to walk off the effects of the drugs that Cleopatra attempted to fill his system with.

The lights in the mansion were turned on, it wasn't pitch darkness and Kyle knew he couldn't get lost, not with his Total Recall in existence so this allowed him to move around with more freedom.

"This place is huge… Maybe I should get a place like this," Kyle wondered to himself because he had the means to.

Kyle was a billionaire that was yet to announce himself to the world but with what he had seen, he would be a target should he do so unprepared.

He thought that it would be easy with money but money would give him more enemies than friends.

Nakamura was an example of that, he was using Kyle but if he knew how rich Kyle was, he would have taken a different approach.

This would allow him to know who Nakamura truly was behind the mask.

He noticed that there were no more maids or any workers active as well, they had the building to themselves.

Kyle wondered if Cleopatra was here and if she was, was she in some control room just watching them like some deranged sociopath?

He wouldn't put that above her but it wouldn't hurt to snoop around places he couldn't explore on their earlier tour.

"Hm, I wonder what she was thinking…" Kyle thought to himself but he found himself standing right in front of a gigantic door.

"This is a bad idea…" Kyle was conflicted about what to do at this point but knew it would be best to head back to the room but that wouldn't do.

He had to let Cleopatra know she couldn't have her way because it was weird that she would attempt to initiate intimacy between him and her sister.

If he had sex with Ella and she happened to catch it on camera, going by his earlier theory, she would have all she needed to destroy his relationship not only with both of the women but also isolate Ella from Jane.

This way, there would be no one to save Ella should she relapse and if this was Cleopatra's plan, that was nothing short of evil.

She might as well put a gun to her younger sister's head and pull the trigger herself if this was the path she wished for her.

Kyle pushed the door open and it looked like he had just stepped into a custom museum.

It had all sorts of antiques that easily tallied over a few hundred million to a billion.

"How rich are these fucking people?" Kyle wondered to himself and to think that Ella wasn't getting anything rubbed him the wrong way.

Kyle already had a plan in mind but before he could think of a plan to overthrow the evil empress, he saw something that all but confirmed his doubt.

The same mask she had worn to that party was hung on the wall, Kyle walked towards it.

"So it was her…" Kyle muttered but he heard the door shut behind him soon after.

Kyle immediately turned around to see Cleopatra standing right there.

"It looks like we have an imposter…" Cleopatra said but Kyle noticed what she was dressed in.

She had on a sexy black lingerie that exposed her body, a body built for the male gaze.

"... Or should I say, Kyle," Cleopatra added.

"Fuck!" Kyle thought to himself because, at that moment, he knew this might be a problem.

.

.

.

A/N: Illustration on discord!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 195 - 195: Cleopatra Dominates! [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle knew he had to maintain his cool, he couldn't do anything that would expose him.

"What are you talking about?" Kyle asked with a confused expression, trying his best to tap into the best actor of all time.

"Your height, your voice and even the way you walk. Did you think I wouldn't notice?" Cleopatra asked with a sinister smirk on her face.

Kyle's eyes looked away momentarily and got a good look at her body, he gulped silently before returning his attention to her face.

She must have seen him show interest in the mask out of every other thing in the room which was strange in itself.

"Fuck, so she WAS paying attention," Kyle noted to himself but had to find a way to get out of this situation without leaving.

"I will just return to my room, I want no problems," Kyle dismissed her.

"You want no problem? I think it is too late for that. I don't know what your motive is or if Nakamura sent you to get to me through my sister but this isn't going to go your way," Cleopatra threatened.

Of course, Kyle realized that this was a lot more complex due to them having already met once and with the kind of man Nakamura was, it was no wonder she did what she did.

Was Kyle here truly as her sister's partner or did Nakamura send him?

However, that would mean Nakamura knew who she was, which should be impossible.

Cleopatra had to find out what Kyle knew but more importantly, had to get him on her side if she was going to sway him.

Kyle heaved a frustrated sigh, he knew there was nothing she could do to stop him physically but before he could take the necessary steps to leave the room.

Cleopatra closed the distance between them, standing right in front of him.

"A lowly thief, aren't you? I knew you were up to no good but this is a low for you. If you need money so bad, get on your knees," Cleopatra commanded but this was where she lost Kyle.

Kyle couldn't contain his laughter, she was trying to assert some sort of dominance over him.

"What a fragile ego… Now get the fuck out of my way," Kyle said before trying to push past her but he was light-headed.

"Huh?" Kyle thought to himself before noticing his balance was off despite the soles of his feet being planted firmly on the ground.

"W-What the fuck have you done?" Kyle asked but Cleopatra had a smirk on her face.

Kyle stumbled but he had to find support, he managed to grab onto a table where an item rested.

"Did you think I didn't have a plan B?" Cleopatra asked but this gave her the upper hand because Kyle was weakened.

He couldn't overpower her despite still being conscious.

"The fact that you are out here when your body should be burning with lust tells me you must have figured it out," Cleopatra said, running her fingers down his chest.

"Do you know why men like control?" She whispered in his ear, her fingers going lower than they were meant to but Kyle was using all his strength to remain standing.

"It is because it gives them power over another person…" Cleopatra whispered in his ear.

"Y-You bitch! Do you think you would get away with this?" Kyle tried his hardest to scream but to no avail.sm

"Get away? Who would believe a fragile woman like myself could overpower a big strong man?" Cleopatra presented a good point.

In the history of humanity, men were often not taken seriously when they reported such a thing so statistics were against Kyle.

He felt her nails going down his navel until they found themselves in his pants.

"Oh my, here is a surprise," Cleopatra whispered, Kyle was already semi-hard but this wasn't because of the situation but the candle he had previously inhaled.

"I-Is this why you are a lonely bit-!" Before Kyle could speak, he felt a smack across his face but the force in which it landed shook his very brain.

This was a targeted attack on the weakest part of his body but he managed to remain standing before he could speak another word.

Cleopatra covered his mouth with one hand and moved behind him with her other hand still in his pants.

She began to stroke his cock, this was humiliating for Kyle but Cleopatra didn't care.

There was a reason she had control over her sister and knew Kyle was a potential risk of breaking that control.

That was something she couldn't have and if it was Nakamura that sent him, this would send a clear message back to him that she was willing to do anything to break whoever he sent.

Kyle tried to speak but he couldn't and Cleopatra didn't stop stroking his cock.

"You're a lot bigger than I thought you would be, it is usually men with small cocks that make as much noise as you do," Cleopatra said, struggling to remove it from his pants.

In this struggle, Kyle managed to break away from her but didn't have the necessary strength to walk away, dropping to the ground like he had been shot in the back.

"You wretched filth, to think you had the nerve to speak back to me when it is the ground you belong to," Cleopatra was sounding angrier.

Kyle knew this might only be sex but there was a chance that this might escalate into something that borders on murder.

Kyle crawled but felt her feet at his back, he flipped over to try and ward her off but that was his greatest mistake.

This woman was a monster and Kyle underestimated the kind of person she was.

He read her completely wrong and he knew what this could mean if he let it happen.

"You're even harder than when I had my fingers around it? You truly are disgusting," Cleopatra said before placing her foot on his cock.

She had a smug expression on her face, Kyle wanted nothing more than to teach this bitch a lesson but his body wasn't listening to him and the stamina granted by his system was the only thing keeping him going otherwise he shouldn't even be able to move.

"This bitch is crazy! What the fuck is wrong with her!?" Kyle was frightened.

She began to move her foot up and down, Kyle lay on the ground like some pathetic loser as she had her way with him.

"Awww, do you want to cum?" Cleopatra said with a giggle, precum was all over the place with his cock throbbing aggressively.

Cleopatra proceeded to remove her panties and shove them into his mouth to gag him.

"This was where all men belong, beneath my feet," Cleopatra said but Kyle was on the verge of giving up.

This woman had a problem with men and he was on the receiving end of that hate.

Cleopatra took a deep breath, realizing Kyle had made a mess of her socks that ran along her luscious thighs.

"System, come on! Do something!" Kyle pleaded with his system, the humiliation was getting to him but as he expected, he got nothing in return.

All he felt was the heavenly sensation given to him by this cunt standing over him.

Kyle was unaware that footjobs could feel this good to begin with but now wasn't the time to admire her technique.

"You're a naughty boy, is this the cock my sister gets to experience?" Cleopatra said. Kyle was on the verge of exploding all over her foot but resisted.

He couldn't cum, he didn't want to give her that satisfaction and this forced him to bite his lower lips hard to focus all that pleasure and pain.

But Kyle noticed that this momentarily dulled the effects of whatever was in his system.

He wasn't as fast or agile but he could at least put up some resistance.

Kyle kicked her off her feet but Cleopatra managed to balance herself rather easily due to her training.

Kyle was unaware of this, if he was to engage in a fight, he would lose but that didn't matter, he had no reason to fight her.

Kyle mustered up all the strength he could muster as he got back to his feet and began to walk away at a hastened pace.

He expected Cleopatra to give chase but she just watched him with a smirk on her face.

Kyle knew she had won this exchange and his running signified that.

But Cleopatra knew one thing, there was no way he would divulge what had happened to either Jane or Ella.

This gave her complete control of the situation but she looked around the room, there was nothing in the air, and the objects had a self-defence mechanism that was absorbed through physical contact so should a thief manage to break in and touch the items without gloves, the security would have their work cut out for them.

"Kyle, Kyle, Kyle…" Cleopatra thought to herself, astonished that he was even able to move in that state but she had sent a strong message to him.

-

Kyle's feet soon gave way, he was close to his room yet far but his mind could no longer help him in this situation so he passed out in the hallway.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 196 - 196: An Ultimatum.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle's body was adjusting to whatever was in his system, he wasn't aware but this was something the system did so its functions weren't compromised.

This was why he woke up earlier than he was supposed to but what Kyle saw soon after made his heart drop.

He didn't know if his body moved on its own but he found himself on a bed but it looked like he had been somewhat stripped.

"Where am I?" Kyle thought to himself, clutching his head in pain, there was something familiar about all of this.

Kyle wanted to get to his feet but his body must still be feeling the after-effects of whatever was coursing through it.

Kyle noticed the familiar smell in the room, this was no doubt the scent of the same candle that he had put out in their room but this certainly wasn't the room.

"It looks like you are awake," A voice said, Kyle jolted but the lust that overcame his body made him ravenous.

"Y-You crazy bitch! What the fuck are you doing!?" Kyle barked, clearly distressed but all she did was look at him with a triumphant smile on her face.

"You resisted…" Cleopatra said but Kyle was preparing to defend himself.

He wasn't at full strength but how strong could a woman possibly be? He should be able to take her.

Kyle didn't want to use physical force but wouldn't hesitate to do so if the situation called for it.

She had crossed so many lines and Kyle was going to do everything in his power to make sure she didn't have her way.

"What the hell are you talking about!?" Kyle was visibly shaken, who could blame him?

He thought he disliked Calista but nothing compared to how he felt about this woman before him.

Kyle knew her for a short time but his body was seething with rage.

"Those eyes… Do you hate me, Kyle?" Cleopatra said but this wasn't with a tone of disappointment but satisfaction.

"I know you were faking it with my sister, even I could tell the timid one was your girlfriend," Cleopatra confessed but Kyle wanted to know how she knew.

That and so he could buy as much time as he needed, Kyle noticed he wasn't bound so Cleopatra might have brought him here to have a conversation, nothing more.

"Why do you hate Ella so much?" Kyle asked but Cleopatra chuckled at this.

"Me? Hate her?" Cleopatra said before that chuckle escalated into full-on laughter.

"What nonsense has my sister fed you?" Cleopatra was amused by the accusation that she hated her sister.

"That doesn't matter! Why am I here? What do you want from me?" Kyle had claimed himself down.

He knew he had to use his words carefully because if he could use this situation to help Ella then he planned to do just that.

"Are you scared of me?" Cleopatra asked but Kyle scoffed at this accusation because it was a silly thing to ask.

Kyle didn't know how strong she was but who could blame him?

Kyle got up to his feet and walked towards her, he wanted to answer her question by showing her the sheer difference in their size.

Kyle reached out to touch her but in a split second, he found himself on the floor.

"Huh?" Kyle was speechless but Cleopatra stood over him once again.

"Do you want to be foolish? It is only a matter of time before my sister starts wondering where you are… You asked what I needed from you?" Cleopatra said before crouching right in front of him and whispering in his ear.

"I want you to fuck Ella," She whispered but Kyle admired the audacity to think he would do anything she wanted from him.

"Why the hell would I do that?" Kyle questioned but Cleopatra sat on his crotch, an act that took him by surprise.

"That is the only thing this thing right here is useful for," Cleopatra mocked him, Kyle felt her soft buttocks land right on top of it, prompting him to start a fight with his urges.

"... So be a good boy and do as you are told," Cleopatra was asserting her dominance.

Kyle hated feeling small and this was what this situation reminded him of, all those times he was too powerless to do anything about his faith.

The rage sprung up to the surface and Kyle got her off guard, reaching right for her neck.

She couldn't react fast enough, and Kyle's hand grabbed it firmly. She tried to break free, but he wasn't letting go.

"I-I caanntthhgg-!" Cleopatra's words became jumbled but Kyle wasn't about to kill her, that would be foolish.

She wanted him to screw Ella so he could ruin every bond he had formed with them but if she was so eager for his cock to find a hole, Kyle had an idea.

He threw her off him and Cleopatra struggled to find her breath but before she could regain her composure, Kyle was already on top of her, pinning her to the ground.

She might be a skilled fighter, but all of that would be useless if the difference in strength was this great.

"Do you think you can command me? Do you think I'm your dog?" Kyle questioned before outright spitting on her face.

"That is what I think about you," Kyle said but he knew this woman was rich, rich and his actions would most certainly have consequences.

"If you hurt either Ella or Jane again, I will come after you myself," Kyle threatened her but Cleopatra wasn't scared.

"Can you kill me, Kyle?" Cleopatra asked.

"Don't test me," Kyle said but all Cleopatra did was laugh before whistling.

Before Kyle knew it, three hefty men stormed the room and restrained Kyle right away.

"L-Let me go!" Kyle shouted but Cleopatra laughed at him.

"Let you go? But you just tried to rape me, Kyle," Cleopatra said and the messed up part about this was that the bodycam that she had mandated her security to wear provided some credibility.

"You have two choices, Kyle. I'm giving you tonight to make it," Cleopatra said with a smug look.

She had outplayed Kyle in every aspect and Kyle had a decision to make.

In this world, a man accused of such a thing would hurt his life even if he wasn't guilty of it. Guilty until proven innocent.

This was the end of their interaction and Kyle was allowed to return to the room but with one thing on his mind, he took Cleopatra's bait.

-

Ella was done showering and changed into a night robe hanging on the wall, waiting to be worn.

And worn it was, Ella came out of the shower and wondered where Kyle went.

He was nowhere to be seen but this was something that she didn't mind.

She couldn't sleep because her body was still feeling weird even though the shower she had was effective in cooling her off.

She lay on the bed but didn't shoot Jane a message because she thought that Kyle had gone to see her. The last thing she would need was to interrupt their alone time as she was already a nuisance to them.

"Love must be nice," Ella thought to herself but realized she had met a man who showed some interest in her.

"Nate, was it?" Ella thought but the problem with experiencing Jane's relationship first-hand was that it had set an unrealistic expectation as to what she expected from any man she would otherwise entertain.

She couldn't sleep but was aware that nothing could happen to Kyle.

Cleopatra might be a sociopath but wasn't someone who would harm another or at least, that was what her sister thought despite nearly being choked out by that same sister.

Ella thought about reading the letter but knew her heart wouldn't be able to handle it.

The thought that her parents might have wanted her at their funeral and she couldn't be their daughter one last time broke her and it was all thanks to Cleopatra.

The door opened, giving her wandering brain something to focus on.

It was Kyle but he looked stressed as hell; Ella mistook this as him just finishing to have sex with Jane.

She knew Jane had lost her virginity but that took far too long for it to just be about sex; his roughed-up hair told her otherwise.

"What did you do, Jane?" Ella thought to herself with a look of surprise.

Jane was never the freaky type but judging from Kyle's state, she must have put in the work.

"Are you okay?" Ella asked but Kyle knew there was a camera in the room.

Otherwise, there was no way for Cleopatra to know if he did what she wanted him to do.

But there was a factor that Kyle considered, there was no way that she expected him to force himself on Ella or that would land him in jail so this had to be consensual.

All Ella had to do to put an end to this predicament was say no and that was the result Kyle was hoping for.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 197 - 197: Is This Not Strange? [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Are you alright, Kyle?" Ella asked with a smug grin on her face like she knew something he didn't.

"Why are you asking?" Kyle responded with a suspicious look.

Ella didn't pick up on this and assumed he must be exhausted.

"Nothing, nothing. I was worried, don't just leave me without a word!" Ella warned him.

Kyle took a deep breath, he thought about telling Ella but there was too much on the line and he could easily explain to her after this ordeal was over.

He just needed to get through it first, that was the most important thing.

Ella had to refuse him and Kyle was certain that she would because there was no way she would betray Jane for her urges.

They have been through too much for a man to come between them.

"I know this is a weird thing to ask but can I stay on the bed with you?" Kyle asked but Ella was surprised by this request because it would put them within proximity.

"You can't be serious! You want me to take the couch!?" Ella concluded that this was what he was trying to do.

"No, that's not what I mean, I could use your warmth," Kyle added but Ella could tell he was unsettled by something.

"Is something wrong?" Ella asked.

"I'm fine, you worry too much goofball," Kyle masked his displeasure.

But Ella saw through the mask and knew he must have a good reason for asking to do something like this.

She wanted to suggest a hot shower but knew that Kyle must have thought about that before making this suggestion.

"F-Fine," Ella complied, Kyle hoped that she would turn him away but this only showed him how comfortable Ella had become with him.

Kyle lay beside her and the gentle atmosphere soon became tense, Ella knew small talk would help take the edge off as she was certain it was one-sided.

It has been ages since a man has been in the same bed as her so she summed this up as anxiety.

"Say Ella, have you ever had a boyfriend before?" Kyle asked out of the blue.

"Woah! Where did that come from?" Ella responded, slightly embarrassed.

"I'm just curious," Kyle responded, they were both on their back, looking at the ceiling.

"I wouldn't call what I have had relationships but I would say yes, I have been committed to someone before," Ella sighed, wondering why Kyle wanted to know such information.

"What happened?" Kyle asked, there was no judgement in his voice and this gave Ella the freedom to speak freely.

"The same old story, he was unfaithful," Ella dismissed it but Kyle wasn't satisfied with this response.

Cheating wasn't a deal breaker for everyone, there was a chance that this applied to Ella as well and she summed it up this way to spare any blushes.

"Are you sure that is why?" Kyle asked but Ella paused, trying to understand what he was implying.

"Are you saying I'm lying?" Ella said and Kyle remained silent for a second before saying.

"Yes, I do… You wanted to fix him and tried your best but couldn't… Only for him to abandon you," Kyle gave an educated case.

The majority of girls with daddy and mommy issues oftentimes lacked the awareness and self-respect to engage in any sort of healthy relationship.

"Cheating" wasn't a good enough reason for them to leave most of the time.

Kyle was trying to get her to think about a time in her life when she threw away her self-respect in hopes that she wouldn't make the same mistake again.

"What is the point of this conversation?" Ella asked, turning to face him but Kyle's eyes remained focused on the ceiling.

But it hit Ella at that moment, she knew why Kyle was being so weird and understood at that point that he had met Cleopatra.

Ella leaned in towards Kyle but she recognized the scent on his skin, it was Cleopatra.

However, Ella didn't think that Kyle was assaulted by her, that wasn't her first thought.

She thought that Kyle had cheated on Jane and this was why he was bringing up this conversation about her ex.

"What did you do, Kyle?" Ella whispered in his ear, she understood his behaviour was unusual but didn't underestimate what her sister could do.

However, Kyle turned to face, placing his hand on her waist to pull her in.

"In the end, we do what's wrong to feel right," Kyle said, careful not to say anything to alert Cleopatra that he was giving her younger sister a hint.

"Kyle!?" Ella exclaimed but that was all she did, she didn't try to break free.

Or at least that was what Kyle thought, Ella smacked him right in the face forcing him to hold recoil from the impact.

"Oh my God! I'm so sorry!" Ella jumped to her feet, trying to find something to help bandage his wound.

All Kyle could do at that point was smile, this response pleased him but Ella began to think he was testing her.

"It is fine, you did exactly what I hoped you'd do," Kyle responded, clutching his reddened face.

"But now I'm curious to see if you were a man," Kyle teased because of the force she blow-packed.

Ella chuckled, this was a ridiculous thing to imply but Kyle was a master when it came to de-escalation but this didn't excuse him smelling like her sister.

Ella knew she could ask him all the questions she wanted to soon enough.

Kyle climbed off the bed, he was exhausted and his shirt was not in its best state so he took it off.

Ella gulped the moment she saw his body, it was a lot more defined than she thought it would be.

There was no doubt at that moment that she was attracted to Kyle but it could also be because of what her sister put in their room previously.

"I should take a shower," Kyle said but Ella remembered she had left her panties on the rail in the bathroom.

"Wait!" Ella exclaimed, Kyle was already at the door so she tried to force her way through so she could secure the merchandise before he could see it.

Kyle was taken aback by this and she tried to force her through the door but this only resulted in worsening the situation because she was now pressed up against him.

She tried to force herself through but at this point, she was only making things worse.

"You know you could have told me you had to go?" Kyle said with a sigh but this embarrassed Ella because he implied she needed to take a shit.

"T-That's not it you dumbass!" Ella said and for a brief second, she realized that her breasts were pushed directly into him.

And in no time, Kyle's body responded as his cock rose slightly, pushing up against her navel.

"W-Woah! What the hell do you think you're doing!?" Ella panicked despite Kyle not having that drastic a reaction because it was normal in a situation like this.

Ella began to struggle and managed to free herself, falling onto the floor with her ass faced towards Kyle.

"Face that thing elsewhere! Don't release it on me, you nasty woman!" Kyle barked, immediately shielding himself as he quickly shut the door.

"You asshole! I wasn't about to take a shit!" Ella shouted at the top of her lungs.

"Sure thing, Ella the shit slinger!" Kyle fired back but this was enough to dispel any building sexual tension.

Ella couldn't help but laugh at how ridiculous this situation was.

Kyle sighed, this was a close call but he didn't know if she would make good on her threats.

She was too high-profile for such a dangerous play especially if it got leaked.

There was nothing about her on the internet or at least on the surface, Kyle hadn't searched for her so he wasn't certain.

But he knew her true identity, something that even Nakamura didn't know and there had to be a reason why she wanted to be anonymous.

Kyle knew there had to be a way he could leverage that because if he was going to go band for band, he could outdo her in that regard so this by extension gave him the power to manipulate information.

"I will call her bluff," Kyle thought to himself because Cleopatra had a lot more to lose than she had to gain.

-

A couple of hours earlier, Calista had met with Kyle's sister or a lady who claimed to be his sister.

Calista was still questioning if she wasn't being fooled by this lady.

She didn't get any decent information from her apart from the picture and a few vague clues which could also just mean they were childhood friends. It was Kyle's reaction that threw her off.

Calista wondered if she should tell Kyle about it because there was a chance that this woman had ill intentions.

Calista had a decision, betray Kyle further or feed her curiosity?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 198 - 198: Not My Best Chapter... [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The day came to an end and a lot of things happened that night, Kyle could be reunited with Jane but he kept what went on with Cleopatra to himself.

He had been sexually assaulted by her and this was a crime but Kyle didn't push on.

"I'm sorry about last night," Ella apologized but Kyle didn't see it as a big deal.

"No, you have nothing to apologize for. I gave you a reason to react like that. " Kyle understood, as this was a justified reaction.

He was glad if anything, but they did have some strange moments that made it seem like something might happen that night.

Kyle noticed Ella fidgeting with an enclosed envelope in hand and couldn't help but wonder what was inside.

"Are you alright, you have had that for quite some time?" Kyle informed her.

"I'm fine… You know what…" Ella said, pausing as she contemplated sharing her true emotional state.

"I'm not fine," Ella confessed, it was early in the morning and Kyle ended up on the couch with Ella sleeping on the bed.

Kyle got up and walked towards her, he knew that she didn't come here with that so it must be part of the reason Cleopatra allowed her to return home.

"Want to tell me about it?" Kyle asked but Ella was skeptical; however, she didn't want Jane to worry about her.

She understood that she had to find a way to navigate through these things without shackling Jane.

Jane was finally getting a life that was free from her influence and she loved that for her, if anyone deserved it, it was Jane.

"This envelope…" Ella decided to confide in Kyle, she had nothing to lose doing this and had done so previously either way so this already established a certain level of vulnerability with him.

"... This is a message for me… From my parents," Ella revealed and Kyle was genuinely surprised because from what Ella had told him, they had practically disowned him despite leaving her money to kickstart her life.

Ultimately, she was abandoned but now wasn't the time to take the conversation in that direction.

"Are you ready to read it?" Kyle asked, sitting on the edge of the bed to let her know he was with her.

"I don't know if I would ever be ready," Ella confessed because this was going to take a huge emotional toll on her.

"We would never be ready if we waited for the right time because it doesn't exist… I know it is cliche and might be bullshit but it is something I believe," Kyle said.

"I can't pretend to know what you're feeling but I'm sure that your inner child is screaming with everything in her to open up that letter. The question is, are you going to deny her?" Kyle added.

He wasn't applying any pressure whatsoever on her and if she decided to not open it all, then so be it.

But something told him this moment would be something she would forever regret if she didn't open that envelope.

"Why are you so good with words," Ella said, wiping the tears building up in her eyes.

"I might be the reincarnation of Shakespeare," Kyle joked.

"Are you ready?" Kyle asked, his voice taking a more serious tone.

Ella took a deep breath before nodding, it took a full minute for her to gather the courage to do this and Kyle was patient even though he wondered why she didn't want Jane here with her when she did so.

It was an important moment in her life and one would think she would want to experience this with her best friend.

However, there were a thousand reasons why she possibly wouldn't want to.

She opened the envelope and the silence that came after was deafening, Kyle didn't know what was inside and he wasn't close enough to physically embrace her but he knew that this was a moment she had to experience alone.

She needed to take in because Kyle could give an educated guess as to what was inside that envelope, it was either a letter apologizing or one sharing part of the family wealth with her or better yet, both.

-

Jane slept like a baby, she thought that the arrangement would bother her but it didn't bother her as bad as she initially thought.

The fact that she had such a good night's sleep was proof but one could say the brief conversation she had with Kyle helped to calm her nerves.

She didn't know what they were up to but found breakfast waiting for her, it was steaming hot.

Jane felt like she was residing in a five-star hotel with how she was being treated.

The breakfast wasn't cheap stuff either and being a glutton, this was heaven on earth.

She took a bite of the toasted bread and even that tasted differently, like it was baked by a deity.

She wondered what Ella and Kyle were doing but didn't think much about it after dipping her fingers into some Caviar Omelette.

She knew that this was easily in the thousands but she was surprised that it was made of actual gold.

Before she could have her fill, there was a gentle knock on the door.

Jane immediately assumed it was Kyle because who else could be at the door?

She rushed and opened the door but was stunned to see Cleopatra standing right in front of her.

"Good morning Jane, I trust you had a good night's rest," Cleopatra was like the devil, everything she did felt malicious.

Jane found herself backing away allowing her to enter the room.

"There is no need to be so afraid, Jane. Believe it or not, I have feelings and I'm here because I'm worried about you," Cleopatra said.

"W-Worried about me?" Jane repeated, confused by what this meant, this little trip was turning into something else.

Jane regretted coming here because it had the potential to set Ella back in her recovery.

"That is right, Jane. I am. The truth is, I never disliked you," Cleopatra began her manipulation to get into her head but Jane wasn't going to fall for such a cheap manipulation.

"Can you leave please?" Jane asked but Cleopatra ignored this and sat on the chair before gesturing for Jane to do the same.

Jane was hesitant but ultimately, she listened to Cleopatra.

"Don't you want to know more about the man you're dating?" Cleopatra asked but Jane knew there was no way this woman could know anything about Kyle.

However, that was naive thinking because there was nothing that money couldn't do, she had used the time they were in the house to gather information about Kyle.

"D-Dating? He is Ella's boyfriend, not mine," Jane tried to maintain the facade, something that Cleopatra didn't care too much about.

She wasn't buying it either way or she wouldn't need to ask Kyle to try and sleep with Ella.

"That is up to you but I have found something about him that I know you will be interested in, do you want to hear it?" Cleopatra asked. Curiosity was a dangerous thing because anyone could fall victim to it.

"No, I'm not interested," Jane said right away but this brought a smirk on Cleopatra's face.

She had no idea how Kyle got these women under his spell but there was something strange about all of this.

Cleopatra couldn't help but think she was missing a vital piece of the puzzle, there was something that wasn't adding up.

Before Cleopatra could dig her nails into Jane, Kyle and Ella came through the door.

With the glare that Kyle shot Cleopatra, one would think he was going to snap her neck into two, he genuinely loathed her.

Ella noticed the look in her eyes and this confirmed what she suspected, something happened between the two last night.

"What is she doing here?" Kyle questioned; his tone was firm.

"This is my house, Kyle or have you forgotten?" Cleopatra responded.

Kyle could tell Jane was uncomfortable with her presence and knew it was time to leave.

"Jane, get ready we're leaving," Kyle instructed her and this was Ella's queue to step forward.

"I read the letter," Ella said and Cleopatra's smug expression faded quickly.

"What did it say?" Cleopatra questioned. Ella had a satisfied look on her face.

"They told me they loved me," Ella felt something heavy leave her chest the moment she said it out loud, years of hate gone, just like that.

"What are you talking about?" Cleopatra was in disbelief, there was no way that they wrote that or she would have gotten rid of it rather than give it to her.

"That isn't all…" Ella said before handing her sister the letter.

Cleopatra's face went from nonchalant to worried, she tried her best to pretend like it didn't bother but whatever was in that letter was enough to shake her.

"That is right, I get 5% shares of their company but not only that, I have access to everything I was once denied of" Ella said with a triumphant smile and Kyle smiled inwardly because this was the inroad he was looking for.

Fate had brought it right onto his lap but Ella didn't feel the need to state she had access to the family house. She could come and go as she pleased without Cleopatra's permission.

"You see sister? I win," Ella said and thus concluded their visit back home and Kyle had a foothold to expand his influence.

Jane was so excited for Ella, she looked happy, genuinely happy but once again, it was information she shared with Kyle first rather than her.

"This feeling again…" Jane thought to herself, trying her hardest to push it down.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 199 - 199: A Better Chapter!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Cassandra was having problems with the custody battle, as it had taken an unexpected turn. She was about to lose her child, and Priscilla hadn't made any contact with her, so she had no idea that Kyle had a plan in place to sabotage Justin and the judge. Cassandra was worried that things might go wrong and considered taking the deal that Jessica had proposed. Shared custody suddenly didn't sound like the worst thing in the world. Despite Kyle telling her otherwise, it was ultimately her child, and if she chose this, she didn't need to run it by Kyle. Kyle wasn't the person responsible for such decisions even though she informed him about it, it was because she wanted to not because she had to.

She accepted his proposal, but it said nothing about her child. Her child remained hers to raise as she saw fit, and that was what she planned to do. Jessica had already been replaced by a man whom she didn't feel safe with, due to the background check she had done on him. He had used underhanded means to win some of the absurd cases, had no moral compass, but this was the kind of monster she needed if she was going to get her child. And his status in his firm was a testament to his achievements.

But she had no idea how far he was willing to go to get the preferred outcome. Unlike Jessica, who stayed and entertained legal alternatives, this man gave a lot of hypothetical scenarios that weren't so legal, but the outcomes were favorable. This was the only reason she entertained it. She had a meeting with him to prepare for the case in a day, but she was anxious. She needed Kyle, but she understood what it meant to give that much power to a man.

She was still paying for such a decision till date in the form of her ex-husband, Justin.

Kyle was young, and the responsibilities that came with taking care of a single mother were enough to make any young man leave. There was a reason Kyle wasn't married—if he wanted all of these responsibilities, then he would have at least had a kid. She needed to handle certain things herself and ultimately show him that she was capable. She wondered why Kyle hadn't reached out and soon realized that she was getting a lot more excited than she needed to. But her heart soon skipped a beat when she received a text message on her phone, and to her surprise, it was from the person she was just thinking about—it was Kyle.

[[Hey you, how are you holding up? Do you need anything?]] The message was a simple one. Cassandra didn't know if she should respond right away like some lovestruck teenager. But this feeling made her feel young again, a feeling she had long forgotten. If anything, Kyle was consistent and that was one of the hardest to be, grand gestures every now and then is easy but consistency was one of the hardest things to maintain that people don't speak about enough.

However, she knew she couldn't get too comfortable, or the rug might be pulled from beneath her. She took a deep breath before placing her phone on the table. However, that same phone rang only a few seconds later, and naturally, her first instinct was that it was Kyle calling. Unfortunately for her, she was wrong—it was Jessica.

She had no business calling her since their partnership had been terminated. Cassandra knew that Jessica must have something for her or she wouldn't be calling.

"Hello?" Cassandra took the risk, as she had nothing to lose at that moment. It was just a phone call—there wasn't any harm that could come from it.

[[Cassandra? Is that you?]] Jessica asked over the phone to confirm, but she should have known it was her by her voice alone.

"Yes, it is… Is everything alright?" Cassandra asked, sounding somewhat concerned.

[[It was with utmost regret that we couldn't work something out among us ladies, but the man you've hired in my stead—be careful,]] Jessica offered her a word of advice.

"Careful?" Cassandra asked.

[[Sometimes, the lawyer you hire to take a case determines if you're guilty or not. He is the type of lawyer guilty people hire.]] Jessica gave her a piece of advice that she could heed or discard.

Cassandra knew that this must be true because of what he had said to her already. It made sense, but she was willing to do anything to get her daughter. Even if it meant dancing with the devil, because she knew her husband wasn't fighting fair—so why should she? That was the ultimate question, but she was right. It wasn't ideal, but this was all because Kyle refused to tell her what he had going on behind the scenes.

"I understand your concern, and I appreciate you taking time out of your day to reach out to me... I really do, but I have no other choice," Cassandra confessed. Desperate times called for desperate measures, and the fact that he was someone Kyle had picked out for her made it all the more personal.

Kyle must have known better than to trust Jessica with this case, because there was an oversight on Jessica's end: the idea of shared custody. That wasn't what Kyle wanted, nor should she have suggested it in the first place. Maybe Justin got to her, or she was simply incompetent? Kyle didn't care—it was his way or no way at all.

[[Okay, I hope this works out for you. I'm on your side.]] Jessica reassured her, which was strange because Cassandra assumed it was strictly business for her. She was being paid, after all, to show interest in the case that was rapidly unfolding before their eyes.

"Thank you so much, Jessica. This means a lot to me," Cassandra expressed her gratitude, and thus the conversation came to an abrupt end.

Cassandra knew now wasn't the time for second thoughts—it was now or never. She had to go all in and hope for the best. She had to put her full trust in the man handling the case. No, not him—she had to put it in Kyle.

-

Kyle had arrived home. Jane decided to spend some time with Ella at their apartment, something Kyle didn't object to because he was aware that Ella needed her friend now more than ever. He was glad that nothing that couldn't be ironed out happened in that room. Kyle was surprised that he was keeping it together around Ella. This only showed that he respected Jane to that degree, but for a brief moment, Ella did show signs of weakness, and Kyle wondered if he could have gotten more out of the situation if he had applied more pressure.

But he was glad he didn't. For the first time in a while, he had his apartment all to himself. Jane's scent still lingered in the air, but this wasn't something Kyle paid much attention to. His eyes slowly closed—he could barely sleep the night before, but the moment he walked through that door, Kyle's body left fight mode and instantly transitioned into a relaxed state.

[Ding!]

"Huh?" Kyle recognized that sound—it felt like it had been ages since his system did anything noteworthy.

[Congratulations! A new member has been added to your Harem!]

Kyle's heart instantly dropped, but the name that appeared on his cyan screen made his jaw drop.

"H-How...?"

-

Calista was on set, shooting some of the final scenes of the movie. However, everyone on set could tell she wasn't at her best. This wouldn't do, considering these were the final touches to the movie; everything had to be perfect. Calista needed to bring in her A-game.

Lorenzo knew it had to do with the lady the day before, but it wasn't his place to pry. If she wanted to tell him, she would have done so herself. Either way, he needed her at her best, and her personal life should in no way jeopardize the progress of the movie. That could be termed selfish, but Lucas was on his best behavior—much to the surprise of the staff. By now, he would have been scolding them, and this made Calista feel untouchable. One could say it made her complacent because there was a power above Lucas at that moment. It was her, but they managed to finish the scene. Calista knew that this was probably the most important movie of her life at that point in time. If she didn't deliver, she had no one but herself to blame, even if it did take multiple reshoots to get it right—more than needed.

"Are you good?" Lorenzo asked, handing her a bottle of water.

"I am, just a little distracted," Calista said before drinking the water in hand. "I need something stronger…" she thought to herself, and there was only one place on her mind: the club that had just opened.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 200 - 200: My Favorite Hole [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Calista was beginning to miss Kyle but who could blame her? She had been without him for an extended period and with the movie wrapping up, she would have more time to herself and she wished to spend it with him.

No men did it for her, even as eye candy and she blamed Kyle.

The way he tamed Lucas was what peaked her desire for him, it was an authority she didn't know he held which made it hard to believe that was his sister.

She was the opposite of him. She reminded her of Kyle when they first met and maybe this was the reason Kyle wanted no contact with her.

Leeching family members were a pandemic once one of their own became successful.

Calista made a conscious decision to bring an end to this.

She was no longer going to entertain this woman but she knew where she lived.

Calista wasn't sure involving the police was the best choice but if it came down to it, she wouldn't hesitate to do so.

This woman had, after all, invaded her home without permission and nothing was stopping her from doing it again either.

Calista stared at her phone, wondering why Kyle hadn't reached out.

It has been a couple of days since she interacted with Ella as well.

"What has gotten over me?" Calista thought out loud with a defeated smile.

She had no idea a man could have this much of a hold not just over her mind but her body as well.

She wanted to touch herself to the thoughts of this man who made her thoughts his place to stay.

But where's the fun in that?

She wanted the real thing and made a decision.

Calista changed into her sexiest lingerie and took some of her best work.

Revealing just enough to keep the mind excited as she knew there was no way Kyle had gotten tired of her body.

She was confident in her skills and knew that it was something Kyle couldn't get elsewhere.

That and because they only had sex a couple of times, not nearly enough time to get it out of his system.

If Kyle fucked another woman, Calista was confident that he would miss how she felt.

She was right because Kyle responded to the picture right away.

[[If you were Eve, I would have taken a bite out of your apple as well.]]

Kyle responded and Calista's smile was so wide that it looked like her facial muscles were about to rip itself apart.

[[How about you come have a taste?]] Calista responded, certain of a positive reply.

[[You sound desperate.]] Kyle responded.

She tried to play it off as him wanting her when it was she who craved him more than he did her.

Kyle's mind wasn't on sex 24/7 either so this was Calista begging for his attention.

Kyle knew what he had in store for her.

God might forgive but not him, he knew this woman was rotten to the core.

The only thing good about her was her body and coochie.

Two things he planned to use to his heart's content.

Calista didn't know how to respond, she could playfully admit that she was but Calista knew that men didn't find desperate women attractive.

She couldn't come off as desperate even if she were.

[[You know what? Never mind.]] Calista responded, almost regretting texting him in the first place.

[[That's a shame, to think I was about grabbing my keys…]] Kyle responded.

Calista hated how much his ego had grown.

No, she loved it. He knew he was better than her and consistently put her in her place.

Most men wouldn't do this because she had a pretty face and they mistook this for innocence.

[[I mean, if you want to come…]] Calista texted, the smile on her face proof of her excitement.

[[Maybe another picture could convince me.]] Kyle insisted, wanting to see more of her.

[[You will have to come and see it for yourself.]] Calista shot back.

[[I wasn't asking sweetheart.]] Kyle fired back instantly.

Calista had no idea when it happened but she was soaked.

She posed but once again, she did just enough to keep him wanting more.

Revealing the underside of her breasts and this was enough to convince Kyle.

[[That's a good girl, I'm on my way.]]

Kyle responded and Calista's heart began to pound.

-

Kyle kept his phone in his pocket right after the conversation but he still couldn't believe the recent addition to his harem.

Kyle had a card to dismiss a harem member but this wasn't a big deal.

The member that was added to his harem was Cassandra.

He hadn't even spoken to her so what was this sudden development?

Kyle had no interest in upgrading his system for now except for the lottery tickets it granted.

But Cassandra would be the hardest to max out her affection bar because she had already experienced her first love.

Kyle sighed but it wasn't something he minded. If anything, it showed he was becoming an important part of her life.

But all of this could wait, he had to meet Calista to let go of some much-needed pent-up lust.

Kyle closed the door behind him but ran into Aiysha in the hallway.

"Good morning Kyle. I will see you at the gym today," Aiysha was upbeat, they acted like what happened the day before never did.

This was how they moved past uncomfortable situations that life had thrown at them.

"Would Tasha be there?" Kyle asked.

Aiysha was confused as to why he was asking about her but concluded that he probably didn't wish to run into her.

She had to think of a quick response however before her lips could deliver the message her brain had conjured up.

"I would like it if she could train me for my next session," Kyle added.

"Huh?" Aiysha thought to herself.

This was a tricky feeling, it wasn't one of betrayal or jealousy but disappointment.

It told her that Kyle was just like the rest of the men who worked under her.

"Oh, you want her to train you?" Aiysha tried her hardest to conceal her disappointment but she was no actress.

"That is right but just for my next session," Kyle reiterated.

"Absolutely! She would like that too," Aiysha was trying to look at the bright side.

Kyle didn't quit their gym and it still cogs for her quota.

"You're the best, Mrs Jones," Kyle said with a smile, walking past her.

"He called me Mrs Jones…" Aiysha grew accustomed to him referring to her as Aiysha, her direct name because calling her this meant he viewed her as an extension of her husband and not necessarily as an individual.

Kyle did this without thinking too much about it.

"How did my life get better and worse at the same time?" Kyle still had recurring nightmares.

And now, Clarence had found himself in those nightmares.

Kyle had taken a life, even if it was in self-defence, it didn't take away the traumatic effect it had on him.

He had to put up a strong face but it was getting worse, Kyle knew he needed to keep himself distracted but the building had reached its conclusion.

The renovation was going well, he couldn't believe how fast it was being done as certain parts of the building were already done.

Kyle noticed that Jones had been far more busy than usual as well but wondered why he was still working when he could retire without a care in the world.

However, Kyle realized that this wasn't about the money for Jones, he had to have other reasons for working so hard.

"Eh?" Kyle thought to himself upon realizing that the building already had a few new tenants. This was good for business but Kyle noticed that he wasn't being kept in the loop, not that he minded either way.

People jumped at the opportunity to rent the apartments at such a cheap rate, that they couldn't find a better rate elsewhere.

And if they waited for the renovation of the entire building to be done before doing so, there was a high chance they wouldn't make it in time so they moved in early to claim it for themselves.

Kyle smiled at this progress but this was the least of his joy right now.

He had the pieces of the puzzle to make a move but how he placed them would ultimately decide if he failed or succeeded.

The only thing on his mind right now, however, was nutting in Calista.

Kyle knew that with her, he could do disrespectful acts he couldn't dare dream of doing with Jane, this was why she existed so she could satisfy his darker desires.

She was right, there was no woman that did it like her and this was why she was confident that she was the last person Kyle would get rid of.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 201 - 201: Same Person!? [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ella and Jane were having the time of their lives. The weight off her chest was liberating. For so long, Ella had felt like she was carrying a burden, but now, it was gone. In the end, all she had ever sought from her parents was love. It seemed so simple, yet so elusive for years. The thought that they loved her didn't undo all the trauma she had been through, but it satisfied her in a way she hadn't expected. It was a small, but important step forward in her journey of healing.

"I'm so glad we went," Ella said out of the blue. Her voice, light and carefree, drew Jane's attention back to the moment. But Jane couldn't help but wonder why Ella suddenly wished to go there. There hadn't been any prior conversation about this trip, and yet, Ella seemed so at ease. Jane wasn't dull; she could put two and two together. Ella had clearly been holding onto something, and now it seemed to be releasing her, just like it had for Jane.

Ella's presence was comforting, but Jane couldn't shake the feeling of isolation that seemed to be creeping in. It wasn't that she minded Ella and Kyle getting closer. She understood it, in fact. What she couldn't stand was the creeping sense that she was being left out. It almost felt like she was an outsider, a spectator in her friend's life—a life that she was beginning to notice more and more was moving on without her.

She had been so focused on Kyle, so consumed with her relationship with him, that she hadn't realized Ella would inevitably back off, stepping away to give them space to enjoy each other's company. But Ella was a musician too, someone who worked closely with Kyle, which meant that she would be seeing a lot more of him—at work, at rehearsals, maybe even outside of work. It was a reality Jane hadn't fully processed until now.

She began to wonder if maybe she wasn't ambitious enough. Why was she so content working a mediocre job, barely making ends meet while others around her seemed to have big dreams? There was nothing wrong with that kind of life, of course, but something deep inside her told her it wasn't enough.

She began to question herself: What if Kyle wanted a woman with more ambition? What if this whole relationship, this bond, was nothing more than a temporary distraction for him? What if he'd eventually get bored with her?

The reality of it all began to dawn on Jane, and she couldn't ignore it.

"Earth to Jane…" Ella's voice broke through her thoughts, noticing how far Jane's mind had wandered.

"Sorry," Jane apologized, offering a distracted smile. Ella, however, was more concerned about what was going on in Jane's mind.

"Where did you go?" Ella asked, her gaze softening with concern. Jane tried her best to act as if it didn't bother her, but she was never any good at lying.

"I don't know…" Jane responded, avoiding Ella's eyes. But Ella knew her too well. She could see right through her facade.

"You know… Kyle couldn't stop talking about you last night," Ella said with a sigh.

"He went on and on to the point where I was ready to throw myself out the window to escape it." Ella's light-hearted tone didn't fool Jane. She could tell her friend was more than a little irritated. But when she saw the surprised look on Jane's face, her anxious expression shifting into one of curiosity, Ella couldn't help but chuckle.

"H-He did?" Jane asked, her voice barely above a whisper.

"Yeah, he kept saying how much he wished you were the one there instead of me," Ella said, rolling her eyes in mock exasperation. Jane's face immediately transformed from surprise to something else—something soft, something happy.

The funny thing about all this was, Ella wasn't making it up. This was exactly what Kyle had been talking about until she fell asleep. Ella could still remember how uncomfortable the couch had been due to Kyle's constant whining.

"He is such a strange man," Jane muttered under her breath, her cheeks flushing red as she glanced away.

"Yup!" Ella replied. Ella left out a few key details—like why Kyle had come into her room and gotten into bed with her that night. Or the fact that he smelled like Cleopatra's signature perfume. She figured those were things better left unspoken for now.

Ella had her suspicions, but she wasn't ready to share them. She was fairly certain that Kyle had his reasons for whatever happened between them, and part of her felt like it was connected to Cleopatra.

"You said you had a new friend. Can you tell me about her?" Jane asked, breaking through Ella's musings.

Ella immediately realized what had been bothering Jane. The concern in her voice was unmistakable. She knew this question wasn't just curiosity—it was more.

Ella had no problems telling Jane about Calista. She trusted her, and she knew Jane would be able to handle the truth, no matter how complicated it might be.

"She's a friend, and I've told you a lot about her already," Ella said.

"She's an actress, and she goes by the name of Calista." Ella added.

The moment Ella mentioned her name, Jane froze. She hadn't expected that.

She expected something, but not this.

"Calista?" Jane repeated, her voice tinged with disbelief. This wasn't a name you heard every day, and it was too rare for it to be a coincidence.

"Yes, why does it sound like you know her?" Ella asked with a laugh, trying to lighten the mood.

"Ah! No, that isn't it," Jane quickly corrected.

"Someone by that name called Kyle's phone earlier." Jane added to which Ella's chuckle died.

"Look at you, snooping around his phone already," Ella teased, though the playful edge was gone from her voice.

"No, that isn't it," Jane shot back, defensive but calm.

"He told me to answer it for him." It was the truth, and something about that cleared Kyle of suspicion. If he was having an affair with Calista, there was no way he would have let Jane answer the phone.

"I guess that clears him," Ella murmured thoughtfully. It was a brilliant move on Kyle's part, a way to remove all suspicion while simultaneously building trust between him and Jane.

"Calista… have you seen her before?" Ella asked, her voice low and careful. She was beginning to connect dots in her mind.

Ella had watched Calista's concern when they were all together, and her instincts told her that this woman wasn't just a passing figure in their lives.

There was something more, and Ella was beginning to see it.

"No, I haven't, but I have heard her voice," Jane responded, still mulling over the possibilities in her mind. Ella took out her phone without a word.

"What are you doing?" Jane asked, a little alarmed. It was rude to suddenly pull out your phone in the middle of a conversation without warning.

"I want to call her, but I'll put it on speaker," Ella said, her expression serious.

"I want you to tell me if that's the same voice." Ella requested as she began to dial the number.

Jane hesitated. This wasn't necessary, was it? Still, Ella was determined. Jane sighed, realizing it was pointless to protest. If this was something that mattered to her friend, then she'd let her have her way.

Ella dialed Calista's number, but there was no answer after a few rings. Jane wasn't surprised—most people didn't pick up the phone right away, especially when they were busy. Still, it would've been nice to confirm everything.

"She's not picking up," Ella observed, her disappointment evident.

"I guess that's that," Jane said with a small smile, relieved, though she wasn't entirely sure why. Her gaze shifted toward the counter where Ella had placed the containers with her parents' ashes. It was a small but significant detail in the room, and it reminded Jane of how far they had come, even if the journey wasn't over yet.

"How about we go pay her a visit?" Ella suggested, her voice light but curious.

"…Or how about we just enjoy our time together without involving a third party?" Jane suggested. She wasn't jealous, not really, but this whole situation felt like it was getting a bit too complicated.

"Are you jealous?" Ella asked, raising an eyebrow, a smug look on her face.

"Oh, please," Jane responded, crossing her arms in mock indignation.

"If she knew you like I did, she'd order an exorcism." Jane added.

"Hahaha! You sound just like him!" Ella pointed out, laughter bubbling up.

Jane had spent enough time with Kyle to adopt some of his quirks. It wasn't intentional, but it happened. And honestly, she didn't mind.

"I'm starving. Let's go eat," Ella said quickly, changing the subject before Jane could respond.

"What do you want me to cook?" Jane asked.

"Cook? You thought Kyle was the only one I was going to take out? Girl, please," Ella laughed, shaking her head.

Ella was already looking into a new apartment, determined to move out of this place. She wanted to find somewhere they could start fresh—away from the trauma this house held.

"Has he spoken about it?" Ella asked suddenly, her voice low and serious.

"Spoken about what?" Jane responded, brows furrowed.

"Mike—or should I say Clarence?" Ella asked, watching Jane's face carefully.

As soon as the name left Ella's lips, Jane's expression dropped. Her gaze shifted downward in shame. Ella had warned her there was something off about him. But Jane had chosen to ignore those warnings, convinced Mike's lies were the truth. She knew better now.

"He hasn't spoken about it," Jane said quietly, "but I don't think he ever will."

"He will," Ella said firmly.

"And when he does, you will be there to listen." Ella added.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 202 - 202: Predator Vs Prey! [T/W!][18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle arrived at Calista's place, but he knew that with her newfound fame, he had to be careful.

He parked hIs car a long way from her place and walked towards her house with his hoodie up.

This was to keep his identity hidden from any potential onlookers.

Kyle had a lot of pent-up energy and needed an outlet. Calista offered herself up like a sacrificial lamb.

Kyle got to her door in no time and wanted to knock, but why did he do that? She was expecting him.

Calista had left her door unlocked and an idea came into his mind.

He was about to go in unannounced and he could do things to her consensually because of the contract.

She wasn't the only one going to have fun and Kyle was going to make sure of that.

He opened the door and gained entry into her home without her knowledge even though the Cassandra scenario replayed in his mind.

That ended with him shooting his load into her multiple times and completely drained his balls.

He got inside her home and noticed that there were a few new things in the apartment.

But he heard footsteps in the kitchen and quickly ducked behind the couch.

Kyle had no idea why he was doing this but this was why he had Calista.

He could push past any boundaries he would have otherwise had with anyone else.

She sat on the couch with a drink in hand, Kyle could tell she was expecting him and was most likely preparing a meal for him.

"What's taking him so long…" Calista muttered under her breath but with Kyle so close to her, he heard the words that came out of her mouth.

Kyle wasn't going to make his move, not now and needed the perfect situation to make his move.

But he also knew there was a chance she would call him and that would result in his phone ringing, this was something he left to chance.

Kyle had spoken about her being desperate and if she called him, it would prove his point.

She stood back up and walked back into the kitchen, this allowed Kyle a peek at her.

And noticed that she was wearing the same lingerie she had sent to him.

"Heh!" Kyle thought to himself but he got up to his feet and trailed behind her.

Kyle assumed she was cooking and that was why she was coming to the kitchen so often but there was nothing on the stove.

This didn't matter, Kyle wrapped his hand around her mouth with one hand and pushed her over the table with the other.

Calista was no match for his superior strength but the initial shock she felt the moment he touched her quickly faded.

She knew who it was without a doubt but this must be Kyle role-playing, something that she was willing to play along with.

She bit his fingers before thrusting her hips back backwards suddenly to push him backwards.

Kyle removed his hand from her mouth because she did bite him, surprising Kyle but her hip thrust was unsuccessful.

"W-What are you doing!?" Calista feigned being a victim, putting her acting skills to the test.

She struggled to break free from Kyle but half-heartedly.

Kyle placed the just-bitten hand on the back of her head and pushed her down.

"Let's see you fight back now!" Kyle muttered. The fact that all of this was consensual put him in the mood.

He knew that Calista would give him the reaction he was looking for and this was why he chose her.

But Kyle intentionally loosened his grip, giving her an avenue to escape and the way Calista reacted to this, one would think this was rehearsed.

Calista broke free from Kyle and ran out of the kitchen, Kyle was rock hard already.

The way his cock was throbbing, one would think it was a vibrating dildo.

Kyle trailed her but Calista had 'stumbled' with her buttocks facing Kyle.

She turned around and began to back away from him with her buttocks on the ground but Kyle looked hungry.

She could tell by the look in his eyes; he was ravenous and this turned her on.

She spread her legs slightly apart before clasping it shut to show him that she wasn't going to let him have her way.

"I'd rather die than let you have your w-!" But what happened next shocked Calista, she didn't know Kyle was either this agile or fast because all it took was a blink for him to appear right in front of her with his hand firmly on her neck.

"I wasn't asking for permission," Kyle responded and Calista realized his hand was a little too tight.

Calista liked it, she had the option to use her safe word but what fun would she be if she couldn't take this much?

She didn't know why Kyle was this aggressive but she found another way to keep him coming to her, she was going to serve as an outlet for him to unleash this side of him that would be judged by the rest of the world.

Even if that meant him choking her until she passed out. Fortunately for her, Kyle released his grip the moment he snapped back to his senses.

He had gotten carried away and in that moment, the rage in him bubbled up to the surface.

Kyle looked at his hands in fear and at that moment, Calista realized that this wasn't an act.

"Are you okay?" Calista questioned, breaking out of character but Kyle had no idea what came over him.

It felt like he was being possessed by a beast he couldn't control but had to calm himself.

"I'm fine, I got a bit carried away," Kyle quickly apologized but Calista wasn't about to make him feel bad.

"You can do whatever you want to me, Kyle…" Calista reassured him before leaning in to whisper.

"... Anything," Calisa repeated and Kyle was surprised by this statement.

"Anything?" Kyle asked and she nodded but Kyle grabbed her neck once again.

"Anything like this?" Kyle asked and Calista bit her lower lips before nodding slowly to show him she was about it.

"... But to have your way, you will have to catch me…" Calista said before escaping his grip.

Unlike the last time he had her neck in her grip, this wasn't nearly as strong.

Calista ran but Kyle slowly got up to his feet because there was nowhere that she could realistically go.

"P-Please! Spare me!" Calista pleaded but this in turn revealed that she had run to the bedroom.

Kyle didn't give her a response.

This was the whole point of this, Calista was the prey, a theatrical performance of their real-life dynamics.

Kyle walked into the room and saw her backed up against the wall, breathing hard like she had run a marathon.

"She's good," Kyle thought to himself, he didn't think much of her acting skill but she had taken it up a notch.

Kyle was shocked by this performance and a smile creased his face.

Kyle walked towards her and Calista saw an opening, in no time, she ran towards the door but Kyle grabbed her by the wrist.

"Where do you think you're going?" Kyle asked before throwing her on the bed.

"I told you, I wasn't asking for permission," Kyle repeated his earlier threat.

Calista was 'scared' but this added to the scene.

"I-If I let you, would you spare me?" Calista asked, frightened as she slowly spread her legs.

Kyle licked his lips, she looked so good.

Calista's sex appeal was on another level despite being so young and he was going to have his fill.

Kyle unzipped his trouser and took out his cock but Calista was still in character.

"T-There is no way that big thing would fit in me!" Calista managed to convey her message.

"Do you want to live or not?" Kyle asked to which Calista gulped rather loudly, showing signs of fear.

She crawled towards him on the bed like a cat in heat and Kyle stared right down at her.

Calista was mere inches from his cock, she touched it before immediately retracting her fingers.

"What is the matter?" Kyle asked.

"It is way bigger up close," Calista pointed out, pretending it was her first time seeing it close.

She wanted to say another word but Kyle shoved his cock between those pretty lips of hers.

Kyle yanked his head backwards, his body jolting in pleasure and before he knew it, he had both his hands at the back of her head.

Calista couldn't breathe, Kyle shoved it down her throat before moving his waist backwards but only halfway.

This prevented her from taking in any oxygen before plunging it right back down.

"Fucking hell~!" Kyle couldn't hold back that moan.

Kyle looked Calista right in the eyes, she was staring right back at him.

"Fuck! What is her body made of!?" Kyle thought to himself, slipping his cock in and out of her throat without ever removing it from her mouth.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 203 - 203: CNC [T/W!][18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was about to take back the power that Cleopatra took from him.

He hated being at the mercy of others but Cleopatra made him feel like he was nothing.

She not only conquered him psychologically but physically as well.

Kyle called her bluff but didn't know how to feel about it.

Unlike most people, Kyle didn't have a read on Cleopatra but he was worried about Ella because if she was willing to go this far, Kyle was certain that 99% of men would have succumbed.

Kyle had no idea how he resisted her but it showed that he was capable of doing so if the situation called for it.

This woman before him was going to help Kyle get rid of that and Calista was on the verge of passing out because of the way Kyle beat up her throat.

There was no way that Calista would be able to eat anything solid for quite some time and finally, he pulled out his entire shaft.

Calista coughed like she was about to lose her lungs, she nearly died and knew she would have lost consciousness if this went any further.

Kyle smiled down at her, raising her face by the chin to look right into his eyes.

"That's a good girl…" Kyle said and Calista felt all the pain leave her body at that moment.

This man in front of her, wanted to please him but didn't want to break character.

"C-Can I leave now?" Calista requested but Kyle wasn't done, he hadn't even nutted.

"Your mouth wasn't good enough… I'm afraid I would have to kill you…" Kyle resumed his acting, Calista got a glimpse of how quickly he could play a character and he did it quite well.

"P-Please! What about this mouth?" Calista's voice trembled, slowly spreading her legs apart in the process.

But that wasn't all, she used two of her fingers to spread the lips apart and Kyle had a big smile on his face.

She was soaked, juices were all over the place and this told Kyle that she enjoyed this scene very much.

He had never seen anyone this wet before either and knew that if he denied Calista, he might be the victim.

There was a state one would reach when aroused that it would hurt if they didn't either stick it into something or have something stuck in them respectively.

"Do you taste as good as you look?" Kyle asked but Calista didn't give a verbal answer, averting her gaze.

"Or are you some sick slut who likes being violated?" Kyle added.

"I-I'm doing this to survive," Calista said but this was where Kyle had her.

"Fine, I will spare your life without touching you," Kyle offered her an out, a way to stop herself from giving up what was most precious to her.

"Would that make you happy?" Kyle asked her but Calista got quiet real quick.

"...But judging by your state, that could still count as me 'killing' you?" Kyle chuckled.

Calista closed her thighs but just bringing them together made her entire body shudder.

"Y-You can't…" Calista whimpered.

"I didn't hear you… What did you say?" Kyle asked and Calista gulped hard before the next words came from her mouth.

"Never mind, I will show you out. Thank you," Calista tried her best to stop herself from pouncing on him, it took everything to control herself.

She got up from the bed and tried to walk past Kyle but this was what Kyle was waiting for.

The moment she had her back turned to him, Kyle immediately appeared behind her.

Calista froze in place, didn't even move an inch but she could feel his heavy breath on her.

"Did you think it would be that easy?" Kyle asked, his voice taking a sinister tone.

"You still haven't made me nut," Kyle said, however, before Calista could say another word.

Kyle pushed her head against the wooden door.

Calista didn't resist, only adjusting her ass to allow him to slip it in easily.

And that's exactly what Kyle did, the wetness that wrapped around his cock made it feel like he would nut right away.

He didn't know it was possible but her coochie felt even better than the last time he was inside her.

Calista knew that Kyle wanted her to be helpless and she was going to give in to his fantasy.

"D-Don't… No!~" Calista pleaded but Kyle's cock made its way to her cervix.

"Fuuuckk!~" Kyle moaned, he didn't want to take it out, it felt not only warm but her squishy inner walls made sure to welcome his cock by tightening around it.

Calista's legs were shaking, her coochie was so sensitive to how aroused she was.

This was what she missed, this feeling and before she knew it, Kyle yanked her hair back, pulling her head in the process.

The pain that shut through her body, she wanted to complain but at approximately the same time, Kyle began to thrust his cock in and out of her but just like he did with her mouth.

He didn't pull it out entirely, leaving the tip in only before jamming it right back inside.

Kyle wasn't going fast, he was giving her slow, long strokes and this made Calista lose her train of thought, soaking his cock in all the juices she was producing which only increased the sensation.

"P-Please! S-Stop… No~!" Calista moaned but that was when Kyle wrapped his hand around her mouth.

"Shut the fuck up! You offered, remember? So take it all in like the slut you are," Kyle whispered in her ear, his strokes packing more force.

Almost pushing her off her feet, Calista was much shorter than Kyle so this forced him to bend his knees ever so slightly.

Kyle stood up and this lifted Calista off the ground, using his cock as a tripod and this only made his cock press up against her cervix aggressively.

"W-What are you doing? Not this wa-! Oh my God! It is so deep!~" Calista moaned.

"Fucking hell! Why do you feel so fucking good!" Kyle said, placing both his hands on her waist.

Lifting and dropping her on his cock like she was a sex toy.

Calista began to move her waist, grinding her waist the moment he stuck his cock back in and Kyle knew it was only a matter of seconds before he came but he didn't want to pull out.

He wanted to shoot it all in her and damn the consequences.

"N-Not inside!" Calista tried her best because, from the look of things, Kyle wasn't planning to pull out.

She could tell he was about to nut with how his cock was throbbing in her.

"I will!" Kyle warned but Calista was still in her early twenties, having a body would be the last thing she needed because that would limit her choices should things not work out with Kyle.

Not to mention her career but Kyle didn't care about her because he assumed she was on the pills or had ways to ensure she didn't get pregnant.

The thing about this was Calista hadn't yet taken any because she had forgotten to, this was also partly due to Kyle and her not having sex for a while so her mind was focused on her career.

"Here it comes!~" Kyle warned, dropping her on his cock with one final thump and everything in his balls made its way into her womb.

"Noooo!~" Calista's voice echoed but Kyle didn't consider that because he didn't care about this whatsoever.

Kyle came so hard, his knees almost buckled but Calista couldn't believe how intense this was.

Kyle used her to satisfy himself, he didn't care about her pleasure but the thought that she could be used this way excited her.

This was why it wasn't only Kyle that reached completion, Kyle finally crouched to allow her feet to touch the ground.

They were both breathing heavily, they both couldn't believe how powerful this roleplay they had just done was.

"T-That was so fucking good!" Calista managed to let out, trying her hardest to catch her breast.

"It was only that good because it was with you, Calista Wave… You were extraordinary," Kyle responded, seemingly catching his breath much faster than she did.

As a result of his skill and workout, Kyle was glad that he was able to let loose without worrying about anything.

Calista looked down and noticed he was still hard, realizing that for him to be this aroused, there was a chance he wasn't having sex frequently.

This could mean that the woman in his life wasn't doing what she was supposed to.

Calista's voice was hoarse already and her body still reeled from the effect of what she had just done with him.

But she took on a new challenge, Calista was going to drain Kyle of every ounce within his balls until he couldn't walk again because she had no idea when next she would have him.

-

Cassandra was going through something that she didn't know of herself, she had no idea that her attraction towards Kyle was something on a deeper level right now.

This was information only known to Kyle thanks to his system but he occupied her mind a lot more, especially after he fucked her in the closet with her husband right at the door.

That thought alone, the adrenaline rush, was something she had never felt before.

Regardless of an event, if you think about it too much, it is inevitable you develop an interest in that person that could oftentimes lead to something as deep as this.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 204 - 204: Big Reveal!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle lay in bed with Calista, stroking the length of her hair as she rested on his chest. He knew the psychological effect this might have, and that was why he gave her the much-needed aftercare. This wasn't because Kyle cared about her, but because he wanted to keep her affection bar as high as possible. He knew things were going according to plan, but as Calista lay fast asleep, he couldn't believe how well things were going in his life.

Kyle began to understand the potential of this skill, as it allowed him to mimic everything to perfection. This could put him above the average actor should he choose to enter the field. He realized that the influence he was seeking might not lie outside the industry as an onlooker but as an active participant. If he could attain a certain status, not only would he be sought after for movie roles, but the reputation surrounding his name would be something no one could deny.

Kyle was beginning to realize that another path was available to him, one provided by his system. He made sure Calista was asleep before gently breaking free from her embrace. He was stark naked, with no urgency to put on his clothes. Walking around the house, he searched for some refreshments. Opening the fridge, he found several beverages, mostly fresh fruit. Kyle grabbed some orange juice and a cup before returning to the bedroom.

Calista was still asleep, but her phone sat on the bedside table. Kyle didn't pay it much attention; he didn't care about her personal life as long as she didn't do anything that would betray him. Then the phone buzzed. Kyle noticed it, but the lack of curiosity didn't cause him to flinch. He knew that Calista was in contact with the woman who claimed to be his sister, but Kyle chuckled at the thought.

"Maybe I overreacted," Kyle thought to himself, realizing this must have been some sort of prank. It wouldn't be hard to find his name if his face was available to the public. He wasn't some enigma, and this should be the least of his problems. Kyle was an only child; he knew he had no biological siblings, and this had to do with the foster home where he grew up.

Calista soon awoke from her slumber. Kyle waited for her, and this took a little over thirty minutes after retrieving the juice. The entire bottle was nearly empty, but Kyle was fully clothed, and she was aware that he was waiting for her to wake before leaving.

"For a moment there, I thought you would forget to wake up," Kyle joked, but Calista felt embarrassed that he was watching her as she slept.

"How long was I out?" Calista asked, but Kyle waved it away. There was no need to be self-conscious about something so mundane, and he wasn't about to make her feel that way.

"It doesn't matter. I wanted to make sure you didn't need anything before I head out," Kyle's voice was gentle, an act that Calista appreciated. The fact that he stayed until she woke up reminded her why this man was different from all the others she had dealt with. They would have been gone by now, having gotten what they wanted, but Kyle was treating her like a person—even though she didn't know he was farming for affection to keep his bar high.

They said their goodbyes, but Calista couldn't get out of bed. She was glad she had finished the movie, or her voice would have been a liability on set. Kyle walked out of the room, but he noticed something strange the moment he stepped outside. He felt the same sensation he had when Mike was stalking him—someone was watching him right now.

He knew he had to keep his cool and not let whoever was watching him know he had picked up on this if this was truly the case.

"That's strange," Kyle thought to himself. He knew there was a chance all of this was in his mind, but he trusted his gut feeling more than anything. Kyle walked back to his car slowly, assuming it was a paparazzo of some sort waiting outside her home to see if they could catch anything worth making the news. Calista was still fresh meat, and the first person to get their claws into her story would earn quite a lot. News outlets would pay for that information, not to mention the publicity it would bring.

Kyle quickly took a detour, away from the direction where his car was parked. The person following him didn't know who he was, but if he led them to the car, it wouldn't take a genius to make the connection. Kyle had to know who it was, even though he had no idea where he was going. But he confirmed one thing—he was indeed being followed.

Kyle suddenly turned around and noticed movement behind him, as if someone had rushed to take cover. But his peripheral vision caught this.

"Come out before I call the cops," Kyle threatened. This was one thing that plagued the industry—parasites like paparazzi who would do anything to get ahead. Kyle wasn't even a celebrity, but stalking was definitely a crime. It was one thing to wait outside someone's apartment, but actively following them should be illegal by any measure.

Kyle knew there was a thin line that divided all of this as they always found a loophole.

]"I will count to five…" Kyle said, but he noticed his body was responding differently to this situation. His fingers trembled the moment he held up five fingers. It reminded him of when he jumped—an event that had embedded itself deep within his subconscious. The trauma from nearly losing his life lingered, and it was showing. Kyle was not only affected by what almost claimed his life but also by the life he had taken.

The accumulated trauma was something that he didn't know he needed help with. However, Kyle understood that this was having its toll on him.

However, he didn't need to count because the person he was addressing revealed themselves. Kyle took a step back, his phone in hand, just in case he needed it.

"Whoa! Wait, wait!" The person said, and upon closer inspection, Kyle realized it was a woman but not one he recognized nonetheless.

"Who are you? Why are you following me?" Kyle asked, his eyes constantly scanning his surroundings for any other individuals. There was a chance she was a distraction, and others were lurking nearby, waiting to catch him off guard.

"You don't recognize me?" The woman asked. Kyle raised a brow as she walked closer to him.

"If I did, I wouldn't be asking," Kyle replied, irritation in his voice.

But this was the same woman who had visited Calista, so if Kyle didn't recognize her, she must have been an imposter. The closer she got, the more prominent her facial features became, but Kyle still had no idea who she was.

"I was brought here by your girlfriend. I don't mean any harm," the woman quickly apologized.

"My girlfriend? You mean Calista brought you here?" Kyle was surprised by this revelation. He chuckled, not because she called her his girlfriend, but because Calista had gone behind his back to do this.

But there was also a chance this woman was lying, so Kyle wasn't about to jump to conclusions.

"Yes! She did," the woman sounded desperate, and Kyle picked up on this.

"Is that so… How did you convince her?" Kyle asked.

The woman quickly reached into her purse and pulled out a picture. Kyle saw the picture but remained indifferent, his face void of surprise or shock. He stared at the picture for a minute before squeezing it and tossing it aside.

"This picture is fake," Kyle informed her.

"I know, right? You'd be surprised at what AI can do with a little age regression and a picture. But I do know you," the woman added.

Kyle was disappointed by this, as it confirmed that Calista had indeed gone behind his back.

"How do you know me?" Kyle asked, pushing aside his initial disappointment of finding out that Calista's loyalty to him wasn't absolute.

"I've seen you… Of all the lies I've told, there's one that remains true," the woman added, but Kyle was losing his patience. He had confirmed she wasn't a paparazzi, so there was no point in staying with her any longer.

The fact that she claimed to be his sister left a bitter taste in his mouth.

"Are you going to speak, or keep wasting my time?" Kyle asked.

"I'm your sister, Kyle," the woman said. Kyle sighed, his frustration building. This wasn't funny.

"You know what? Never mind. I'm going," Kyle said dismissively, but then she uttered a name she shouldn't have known.

"My father's name is Gregory," she said, and this was the only thing that made Kyle stop in his tracks.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 205 - 205: The Cost Of Transparency.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Things were taking shape, there was no telling which route each of their paths would take.

Aiysha skipped work the next day but not only her, Jones came back home early.

Aiysha was surprised by this because she knew how seriously he took his work, it was a way for him to be up and about.

She understood why he wanted to keep working as opposed to sitting in the house all day despite their financial struggles about being eliminated.

He needed to be up and about, to feel like he was contributing and they both took this day off to try and reconnect.

They knew that they wanted to make their marriage work and were willing to put in the effort but Aiysha knew that meant coming clean.

If not for them then for their children, Aiysha wasn't going to force this marriage and it had to be a mutual effort.

Jones got back home and like usual, Aiysha was scantily dressed with the aroma in the air violating his nostrils.

"Something smells good," Jones said with a smile but there was no denying that this would be a difficult interaction but they had to give it a shot.

"Are you sure it isn't just me?" Aiysha asked. Jones wasn't blessed with Kyle's sweet tongue, he knew Aiysha was trying her best to reciprocate.

"Nothing can smell as good as you," Jones responded. A simple line that got the job done. It wasn't the words that mattered but rather, who said them.

Aiysha had a wide smile on as she brought him some food, placing it right in front of him like a good wife. In truth, Aiysha remained devoted to her husband and that was why she even tried to make this marriage work.

She had made Jones' favourite food further showing her effort but the truth was, despite Jones being a good husband on paper and doing everything a husband should.

The spark in their marriage was dimming with each passing year.

Aiysha did her part yet Jones returned empty-handed, he didn't get her flowers or any small gesture that showed her he was thinking about her.

Jones could tell he had messed up because he didn't expect Aiysha to try this hard to begin with but maybe that was the problem, maybe he kept expecting her to make the first move and only then would he reciprocate.

"You are too much!" Aiysha said, giggling slightly.

Jones wanted to apologize for not getting her anything but knew he had to salvage the situation.

"Give me a minute, I will be right back and then, you will have my full attention," Jones said with a wink and Aiysha gave him her permission.

Jones quickly rushed to the toilet and tried to call Kyle multiple times but ultimately, decided to send a text when he wasn't answering.

Jones hoped that Kyle could come to his rescue but this process didn't take up to five minutes as he returned to the table in which his wife was seated.

"Done already?" Aiysha asked, she hadn't touched the steaming hot food yet, waiting for her husband.

They always ate from the same plate, this would help both of them watch their weight as well as allow each other some form of intimacy that didn't involve physical touch.

"Yup! Let me enjoy the meal my beautiful wife made for me," Jones complimented her.

They were trying their best and Aiysha was looking at him, this might be the man she fell in love with but it was during a stage where she was not only at the bottom in terms of self-esteem.

But because she didn't have any option to pick from, however, she vowed her commitment to Jones and that was the single thing keeping her here.

It took a few minutes for Jones to finish but Jones picked up on something because his wife looked like she wanted to tell him something.

"Is there something wrong?" Jones asked Aiysha, holding her much smaller hands in his.

"No, nothing is wrong but there is something I need you to know," Aiysha said.

The transparency became the foundation of their marriage, she was trying her best to restore it and that began by her coming clean to her husband.

She told Jones every single detail about what happened between her and Kyle.

-

Kyle didn't believe the woman claiming to be his sister but the fact that she knew the name of his father left little doubt in his mind.

Kyle knew con artists had a way of finding out things about rich people and the fact that she used AI to age regress his face and stick it on a picture with her as a kid told him all he needed to know.

He couldn't trust whatever came out of her mouth regardless of how true it sounded, it was simply too good to be true.

However, he didn't cut off the lady's access to him because Kyle wanted to know why she came after him.

She bore no resemblance to his father either, a face he couldn't quite place but her face was kind.

There was no way she would have such a kind face if she did grow up with that monster as a father. Kyle took her number, giving him the power of communication.

He got into his car and the moment he arrived at the JPD Agency to see Isabella, he noticed that there were multiple missed calls and a text from Jones.

"That is weird," Kyle thought to himself before opening the text message.

It was Jones asking for his help, he needed Kyle to help him get something that he thought Aiysha would like.

Kyle had no idea what she would like but the fact that Jones didn't give him any specifics.

It was vague but Kyle knew it was supposed to be a gift for his wife and it had to be from him, Jones.

Kyle sighed the moment he read this because Jones was putting him in the middle of their marriage once again, he didn't want to get involved because if things went south then there was a chance he was going to be blamed.

Kyle knew it had to be within his pay wage, Jones that is or she might catch on.

"Sighs, Jones man…" Kyle muttered under his breath in frustration because he was already running low on energy but couldn't turn down this favour.

Jones was his only friend and the only person who had made sacrifices for him the way he did.

Kyle headed to the nearest store but knew going a bit above budget would make the gesture even more romantic.

This took a little over an hour to do but Kyle wasn't about to deliver it to her front door, he instead chose to leave this up to a dispatch rider.

He gave a generous tip to make sure that the item reached its destination not only as soon as possible but in one piece.

Unknown to Kyle, his relationship with Jones was about to take a different dynamic altogether.

-

Cassandra was ready to accept her fate, trusting Kyle wholeheartedly but Justin called her phone out of the blue.

She didn't want to pick up at first but this might be him throwing in the towel or offering a compromise.

"What do you want?" Cassandra asked right away, her voice burning with anger.

[[Don't forget, we aren't divorced yet so therefore, you are still my wife.]] Justin reminded her.

The title disgusted Cassandra, it felt sickening to hear him use that word to describe their relationship even though he was right.

"I will hang up if you have nothing else to say," Cassandra said.

She wasn't interested in mundane interactions with him but Justin wasn't bothered by this.

The thing about marriage is that your partner just knows how to push your buttons but most importantly, they know when to call one's bluff.

[[Is that so? Go ahead then.]] Justin said.

Cassandra wanted to but she knew if she did she might never find out why he called her.

[[You couldn't, could you?]] Justin asked with a mocking tone.

"What do you want Justin?" Cassandra asked once again.

[[I want us to meet, just you and I.]] Justin proposed but the moment Cassandra heard this, a look of disgust crept up on her face and she hung up the phone right away.

"Huh?" Cassandra was surprised by this feeling because while Justin was a terrible husband, her emotions never evolved into actual hatred but for some reason, picturing them together made her want to throw up.

But a smile crept up on her face because she realized that she had broken free from his clutches.

At this same moment, she came to realize that Kyle was the reason she recoiled at the thought of Justin touching her.

It was the best thing that could happen because it confirmed what she secretly feared, she no longer had any emotional attachment to Justin.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 206 - 206: Kyle's Talent! [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle got something fancy but didn't want to get anything too suggestive

Jones complained about their sex life and Kyle could recall Aiysha's proportions in great detail so getting her something that fits wouldn't be too much of a stretch.

However, he didn't know if this would be him crossing a boundary because any sane man would ask how he got their partner's measurements down to perfection.

It would not only show that he was suggestively looking at her but Kyle sighed.

He wanted to help him spice up his sex life so he got something for both of them.

This way, Jones wouldn't take it personally because Kyle also got his measurements down to perfection.

It could be a little role play, the scene he had acted out with Calista served as an inspiration for this idea.

Kyle knew this was risky but if it worked out, Jones would be indebted to him.

Kyle finally reached the agency he owned. It had been a while since he had spoken to Isabella because he knew that she was an individual who had things sorted out.

She might have known more about this than him at the beginning but with his skills, Kyle knew every legal implication in the contract that was signed between the both of them.

Kyle walked into the Agency and noticed that it looked a bit different.

Kyle spotted Carly and greeted her like he would anyone else and she seemed surprised for some reason.

"Is Isabella in?" Kyle asked to which she nodded to confirm she was.

"Yes sir, she's inside!" Carly quickly said.

Kyle squinted his eyes in suspicion because this behaviour seemed strange to him.

"Is everything alright?" Kyle asked, choosing to get personal.

"Yes sir…!" Carly said with a military salute.

Kyle chuckled slightly at her reaction, she was very expressive and maybe this was why Isabella kept her around.

Kyle walked into her office, noticing that Carly hadn't informed her of his arrival.

Kyle walked in even without her being informed. Kyle walked in on her hard at work.

She had on a pair of glasses, clicking away at the computer in front of her.

There was an air conditioner installed in here, Kyle could tell it was on the more expensive end.

He didn't mind this, the Agency could use an upgrade all around so it could accurately reflect their status.

"Isabella, you're allowed to take a break," Kyle commented, startling her.

Kyle hadn't knocked and the door didn't creak to alert her of his arrival until he spoke.

"Mr Kyle! I wasn't expecting you!" Isabella was taken off guard and she was partly embarrassed because her table was a mess.

She quickly rushed to fix that problem, taking the paper littered across it.

"It is fine, I admire your work ethic if anything at all," Kyle complimented her before sitting across from her.

"I apologize for dropping by unannounced but I believe visitations like these are far more productive," Kyle added.

Isabella managed to get the papers out of the way before sitting right back.

"There is no need to apologize, Mr Kyle," Isabella dismissed it

He was the owner of the Agency, he could come in and out as he chose but she was glad that it was someone like Kyle that saved the Agency.

"I like the work you have been doing recently and I must say, it has exceeded my expectations. I have heard about the multiple actresses assigned to us that have gotten roles in much smaller movies across the country even though not all are notable roles but it is a start nonetheless," Kyle said.

Isabella was surprised that he took note of these things.

She assumed he was only interested in major roles like Calista.

On that note, what Kyle told her was spot on.

Calista having that "role" bought for her only helped their reputation.

Isabella noticed that Kyle was a man who had the wealth to take this Agency to the next level.

She understood that despite her ambition, it had to ultimately align with Kyle's goals for this place otherwise she couldn't enact it.

Cassandra proceeded to fill Kyle in on the number of actresses under them as well as the movies and roles they had been assigned.

She wasn't sure Kyle would retain the information she was giving him because even she had to refer to a piece of paper where these things were written.

But what Kyle did next was something she wouldn't have anticipated.

Kyle repeated every single thing she had just told him in the exact order.

"T-That is correct," Isabella couldn't hide her surprise.

"You memorized everything?" Isabella heard of such people but this was her first time encountering one.

"Yup, I'm something of a freak of nature," Kyle downplayed it.

"But I want to know where our standing with Distort Is. Is it concluded?" KKyle asked.

"Yes Mr Kyle, it has been concluded. The movie has been wrapped up and only positive reviews have been given about Misses Wave's role in it," Isabella added.

This was to inform Kyle that the movie was a resounding success, not that he had a single doubt of any other outcome.

"That is great! I was right to leave you in charge of this. I also heard of how you handled Ella's commission," Kyle showered her in compliments and Isabella couldn't hide her blushes.

"Thank you so much for the kind words," Isabella showed her gratitude verbally.

"Say, Isabella, I might be interested in becoming an Actor, what would you say my chances are in becoming the best in that?" Kyle asked out of the blue, her smile dissipating into confusion.

"You want to become an actor?" Isabella knew there was only so far money could get him in that regard without possessing any skills to back it up.

Kyle didn't strike her as someone who could wear multiple faces so this caught her off.

"That is correct, I'm considering it and I'm asking you if you think I would cut it," Kyle repeated.

He knew that making the connections himself with prominent celebrities in that field was better than relying on Nakamura to put him through the door.

He would rather enter the scene himself.

"I would need to see your skills to determine that," Isabella said and Kyle took a deep breath.

"Alright, hand me a script," Kyle instructed her and the look in her eyes was that of curiosity.

She had no idea what came into him but he was serious.

She quickly reached for a script, one that required heavy use of one's emotions.

"Here, try this," Isabella said and Kyle went quiet, his eyes going through the script within his grasp.

"Is he memorizing it?" Isabella thought to herself and that was what the man before her was doing.

Kyle dropped the script the moment he did and before she knew it, he began to cry.

This was one of the hardest skills an actor/actress could convey and Isabella was taken aback.

It wasn't just the tears but the look in his eyes.

It got her, Kyle drew her in and this left her speechless, she couldn't believe what she was witnessing and the delivery of the lines was like she was watching a veteran.

The scene was so intense that Isabella found tears pooling in her eyes.

She expected some mediocre showing but Kyle did anything but that.

Kyle delivered each line with precision, he could be the next big thing.

At this point, Isabella thought the universe was blessing her.

"Wow! That was amazing!" Isabella exclaimed.

She couldn't tell he was acting and the way he memorized the script with a single read already put him above 96% of people in the industry.

If Kyle could deliver his lines with such expertise on his first try, it would significantly cut the amount of time needed to shoot a movie.

"I guess I did good…" Kyle responded with an awkward smile.

"You were perfect! I cannot believe you haven't gone into acting yourself!" The lady exclaimed, clearly still In shock.

For a moment, she forgot she was talking to her boss and who could blame her?

"Hahaha! I'm glad," Kyle said with a heartfelt laughter.

Isabella immediately returned to her computer, typing in a few words before returning to Kyle in mere seconds.

"I have a few openings if you're interested,' Isabella was in a hurry to showcase the talent he had.

"Already? C'mon, stop playing," Kyle tried to downplay her praise.

But if he could get a role, it had to be something challenging.

Kyle wasn't interested in working his way up from the bottom.

He had the means to skip all of that and go straight to the top.

Kyle had the money for it. If need be, he would start his own Marvel/DC verse.

He had the money to, after all, his wealth was infinite and he was about to show the world just what money could do.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 207 - 207: Strippers Needed!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle had put on a show for Isabella and she was impressed.

She couldn't believe she had a talent like this right under her nose.

Kyle knew now wasn't the time, he needed to see how well the movie Calista featured in did.

"Not now but I'm glad that you find my acting amusing," Kyle remained humble even though he was certain that this was the best performance she had ever witnessed.

Kyle watched a lot of movies and played a lot of games so he had the upper hand when it came to these things.

Total Recall was the best skill he could ask for because, without it, he wouldn't be able to replicate these moves as his memory would lack the ability to do that.

Kyle wanted to see a reaction and get what he was looking for.

"Isabella, I want this Agency to conquer the world. I want it to produce the next Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie if you will…" Kyle said.

Isabella knew he was an ambitious man but this would take a lot of work, Kyle wasn't going to start at the bottom even though this might help him learn the inner workings of this new world he stepped in.

"I, too, want that!" Isabella responded enthusiastically.

"We need to make this movie the one that puts us out there. Do you think the Agency is big now? Give it a couple of weeks," Kyle added.

Isabella nearly had tears form in her eyes because this was everything she ever wanted it to be and Kyle was going to help her.

The fact that he allowed her free rule meant she could shape it according to her vision, a vision that Kyle seemingly shared.

Isabella wanted to inform him about the earnings but Kyle didn't look interested in this.

"You know what? How about you handle the finances? Give yourself a 50% raise while you're at it. I don't know how much you're paid but you have earned a raise…" Kyle informed her.

Isabella was astonished because she was glad just working here but this raise would change her life.

It would also change her social class, moving it to higher class and this would significantly improve her way of life.

Isabella accepted his offer with both hands because they had grown considerably over the past couple of months but even so, the raise was too soon in that regard.

Kyle concluded his meeting with her but Isabella realized this man had the potential to be even greater than he was.

This, in turn, made her interested in Kyle. She needed to know who he was and where he came from. Anything that would give her a glimpse into his life.

-

Kyle left the area in a haste but this was due to wanting to see how his nightclub was doing.

Kyle realized that he had multiple businesses to handle but the strip club section hadn't been sorted out.

They had yet to pick the girls but Kyle knew that this would result in sex and when sex was involved, things tend to get extremely violent when a misunderstanding ensues because their hormones are through the roof.

Kyle parked his car but he took a moment to catch himself, Kyle needed to cool his mind because his hands kept trembling.

Kyle sighed, he had to calm his mind otherwise it would only get worse, Kyle noticed it became more prominent as time went by.

It worsened and he was beginning to realize that things were affecting him a lot more than he cared to admit, the whole thing with Clarence.

"What is going on with me?" Kyle thought to himself, wondering why this was happening a lot more frequently.

But he managed to get things under control and the trembling soon stopped even though he was still affected by what went on that day.

"Hey boss," A voice greeted him from the window and it was enough to startle him but upon the second inspection, Kyle realized it was Nate.

"Nate! What are you doing!?" Kyle was rattled but this was the first time Nate had seen this.

Kyle had always been an easygoing guy who had no care in the world so this was a bit strange in retrospect but he did sneak up on him.

"I'm sorry! I didn't mean to scare you," Nate quickly apologized but Kyle cleared his throat.

"I wasn't scared, you just took me by surprise," Kyle tried to downplay it but Nate knew this was him trying to save face.

Not that it mattered to him either way, he was just glad to be here because Kyle had given him a chance to redeem himself.

The experience he got here would be invaluable in his CV even if things don't end up working out here, Nate's future was looking bright.

Nate thought Kyle would give him a part-time role but the most surprising thing about all of this was Kyle was willing to give him a paid leave at any given point should college get overwhelming.

This meant he didn't need to juggle between school and work at the cost of his education but Kyle had yet to find someone he could trust that would act as a backup should Nate need this option.

"So is there a reason you're ambushing me?" Kyle asked Nate while exiting his car.

"No, I was just stretching my legs and noticed that you were here," Nate informed him.

"Is that so? How convenient," Kyle responded but Nate noticed the slight tremors in Kyle's hands.

"Did it affect him that much?" Nate thought to himself, wondering if he overdid it with his harmless gesture but Kyle was a wreck mentally.

Nate couldn't comprehend what was going through his mind, that was the truth of the matter because Kyle played it off so well.

"Is everything going well?" Kyle asked and Nate nodded his head to affirm this.

"That is great, and how is college?" Kyle questioned, for the first time showing a personal interest in Nate's life.

"College is a pain in the ass but who has ever said that they like school?" Nate dismissed it.

"Students that go there to learn?" Kyle responded with a raised brow.

"They are lying, no one likes school," Nate fired back.

"So why do they pay to go through it?" Kyle questioned with a headshake.

"Because they lied to us that it would open the doors of opportunities. If literacy was the priority, why would we need to pay for it?" Nate questioned.

This was a good question because there was the notion that education was the priority yet it only favoured those that could afford it.

Even the scholarship programmes would be against them and Kyle knew at a fundamental level that Nat was right.

Even so, literacy couldn't be underestimated as Kyle always believed school was to put people in a social environment where they could study other human beings.

Learn how to connect, it wasn't just for education but to help improve one's social skills.

That was what most people failed to realize, who knew who you could meet in such an environment, that was why people paid for it.

That was the opportunity that was spoken about but Kyle wasn't going to press further because two subjective views could co-exist.

Kyle noticed there were a lot more people here than he anticipated, it was daytime so why the hell were they so many people?

Didn't they have a job or something? Kyle was confused by this act but then again, not everyone could be something regardless of how hard they tried.

That was the harsh truth and just because they couldn't become something, didn't mean they couldn't enjoy the simple things in life.

"I know right, I'm surprised too," Nate could read Kyle's facial expression.

The drinks were going at a cheaper cost so it drew all sorts of people here, including the alcoholics who had a taste for the more expensive things in life but couldn't afford it on a normal day.

"This place is doing better than I expected it to, that discount was a genius move on your end. People just keep coming," Nate commended Kyle even though he knew it was coming at a loss to him.

But one could think of this as an investment, investments usually start as a loss.

That was something that couldn't be helped but the profits after getting these people as regular customers would do some good to the club, on paper that was.

"Has anyone applied for another job?" Kyle asked but Nate shook his head.

"Negative boss. No lady has applied, I'm afraid," Nate responded with a headshake.

"I see, it looks like we have to broaden our net," Kyle informed Nate.

"Net? What are you suggesting?" Nate asked but Kyle didn't know how these things worked.

"What about contacting some Onlyfans models?" Kyle asked.

Kyle wanted this to be different and if they could find a popular lady on there, there was no way her followers wouldn't kill for an opportunity to see her.

It was a win-win situation and in a second, Kyle found a solution to this problem.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 208 - 208: Cassandra's Affection Bar [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle had an idea that would serve to not only improve the fluidity in his business but elevate it to the next level.

He was already making waves outside the industry with these establishments but there was a chance that these things could backfire.

People always had something to say. With modern-day women, one could say he was exploiting women despite this ironically being Kyle supporting their hustle by giving them a bigger stage to perform on.

Nate was already on the internet but Kyle could tell he had someone in mind already.

However, why didn't he give her this opportunity before this announcement?

Nate was a young good-looking guy, Kyle knew he didn't have to work much to get women but if he was jerking it to an Onlyfans girl, it would show that he wasn't getting as much coochie as Kyle thought.

Kyle wasn't entirely surprised by this because this was how things tend to work worldwide.

It is much easier to jerk it than to spend time wooing a woman for that same goal.

Kyle couldn't judge and once again, this was a mere assumption on his end.

"Kyle, I think I have someone for you," Nate called his attention and it was just as Kyle suspected.

Kyle walked over to him to see what the fuss was about and Nate pulled out someone.

Kyle noticed she had a small following so even if they did hire her, she wouldn't generate many customers from those followings but there was a chance that if they did hire her with her followings climbing up.

Then other models would take note of this and reach out, it was ideal for marketing just like they did with Calista.

Kyle noticed that the majority of her content was weird cosplays as well as very strange fetishes.

Kyle shot Nate a side-eye because he knew what this meant.

Nate couldn't look Kyle in the eyes either because he knew what this looked like but there was no denying that this just ousted him.

"Hm, this could work," Kyle said and noticed Nate sounded almost existing.

"Really!?" Nate asked but noticed that his voice was higher than necessary.

He had to clear his throat before trying again.

"I thought so too," Nate said with a wide grin but Kyle just shook his head, hiding his smile.

"Get it done," Kyle informed Nate but couldn't help to wonder if Nate knew this woman in real life.

But if that was the case then it made things easier because it meant he would be able to convince her to take up their offer.

Kyle knew he could call it a day and return to the apartment but the walls were thin.

He didn't want to hear whatever Jones would be doing with his wife so he decided to stay out for a while longer.

Kyle recalled the woman claiming to be his sister, he was not only appalled by Calista's betrayal but the entire situation he found himself in.

But there was one person Kyle was curious about and that was Cassandra.

The affection bar that appeared was something else entirely and Kyle wondered why it appeared days after their interaction.

Did something happen after he left?

Kyle decided to plan a meeting with Cassandra to see what she had going on.

Kyle got a response right away, she wasn't home but wasn't closed off to Kyle coming to meet her where she was.

Kyle got the location and realized that it was somewhere not far from where he was.

However, it was clear that wherever she was, it had to do with the court case that awaited her.

Kyle knew he had little choice in this situation because if she didn't want him there.

She wouldn't have sent the address to him, the only reason he wanted to was to see if this would affect the affection bar that appeared.

He needed to know what Cassandra responded to.

Kyle got into his car but got a call from Priscilla soon after.

Kyle picked up the phone but it wasn't Priscilla talking to him, it was Oliver.

"Oliver? Can I help you with something?" Kyle asked, not asking the all-important question as to why he had her phone in his possession.

The conversation didn't last long but it was also suspicious that Oliver was speaking to him like they were buddies.

He didn't know if he needed to bring this to Priscilla's attention or leave it be.

Kyle knew if he reported this and if Priscilla wasn't aware of their interaction then it could potentially cause a divide.

Kyle chose to keep his mouth shut for now because he owed her no loyalty.

She was working on a case he brought her simply because of the need to repay his huge favour to them.

Kyle pulled up to the location given to him by Cassandra, Kyle's life had changed drastically since getting this system that allowed him to bend everything he once knew was true.

Kyle knew that there was so much he could get from this system.

The system, every skill it gave him was a means to not only expand his wealth but to maintain it.

Kyle wondered if he would lose these skills should the system ever decide to disappear.

Imagine him rising to the top in Hollywood only for him to lose the very thing that gave him that status.

Kyle would plummet to the bottom of the barrel but he would still have the wealth that came with it; however, he would lose his legacy.

Kyle noticed that she wasn't alone from a distance but he already expected this from the get-go.

He wondered if he should call her but upon closer observation, the person with him was the lawyer that he had hired for her.

Kyle wondered why she would give him this address if they were on the verge of an important meeting.

Either way, he was already here so there was no point for him to turn back.

Kyle walked towards the open-door coffee place, they were seated outdoors nonetheless.

He noticed Cassandra spotted him first but didn't get up from her seat.

The papers right in front of her were proof that this was something that they were working on together.

Kyle waved at her and she reciprocated, only then did the lawyer spot Kyle.

"Well, hello there you two," Kyle said and the man that he had hired was an older man who had won questionable cases despite the evidence suggesting otherwise.

Kyle didn't care about his track record or how dirty the cases he took were because the only thing he wanted to do at that moment was to push things to his advantage.

Some things needed a forceful hand and this was it.

The man got up and shook Kyle's hand, not only showing respect but also putting Kyle in a place of authority.

Something that Cassandra noticed and brought a smile to her face, Kyle noticed that he was the one with the power here.

"How is everything going?" Kyle asked and the man quickly sat back down with Kyle taking a seat beside Cassandra.

Flashing her a smile as their eyes met with Cassandra returning this gesture.

"Are you alright?" Kyle questioned to which she nodded in response.

"I am but what about you?" Cassandra asked him and Kyle looked over his shoulder before leaning in.

"It is a secret but I can't stop thinking about that day," Kyle whispered in her ear.

This wasn't the place or time to think about that but Kyle wanted to see if this would have any effect on her.

Cassandra immediately clasped her thighs shut. It had an effect but not in the way Kyle intended.

"I see…" Kyle thought to himself before retracting his face to pay attention to the man in front of him.

"Everything is going according to plan, sir. We are just finalizing things on this end," The man said and Kyle gave an approving nod.

"This is good to hear. No man should want to take a child away from his mother, this will never happen under my watch," Kyle reassured her.

[Ding!]

[Update in affection bar!]

[Cassandra's affection bar: 5%!]

Kyle realized at that moment that she responded to masculinity and reassurance but why was it so low?

Kyle understood that she had more experience in life so it would be harder to win her over as easily as he did with Jane and Calista but this was too little.

Either way, it was a win because he now knew what her heart responded to and it was something he could offer her.

Kyle knew this case would be a good opportunity to influence it as much as possible.

"There is nothing to worry about, we will win this case," Kyle placed his hand on her thigh but noticed her body was hot.

"Is she aroused?" Kyle thought to himself, looking at Cassandra but she couldn't look him in the eye because she knew that Kyle had caught on.

She still cared about her image and didn't want him to view her as a slut but this was because she had no idea what Kyle liked as of yet.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 209 - 209: The Key Found. [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The meeting was over quickly, and Kyle realized that things were looking up for Cassandra even though she was still anxious.

Cassandra couldn't help but wonder if she was doing the right thing because she understood what this meant long-term.

"Is everything alright?" Kyle asked but Cassandra looked shook.

"The lawyer… He said something about Justin never seeing him again," Cassandra said but the truth was, she wanted her son to know his father.

Otherwise, he risked growing up to be dysfunctional because there was no telling what a lack of a masculine presence in his life would do.

"Is that a problem?" Kyle asked like it wasn't a big deal. He knew this would make her respond honestly to the situation because Kyle had somewhat shaped her response without her knowing.

If she said it was a big deal, it might look like she wanted to keep Justin in her life and from the contract that she agreed with Kyle, it was clear that he didn't like sharing.

"I wanted my son to know his father or have someone to fill that role in his life," Cassandra said but Kyle found this to be the perfect opportunity to exploit her affection bar.

Kyle understood at a fundamental level that this might be the wrong thing to do but he planned to tell her what she wanted to hear at that moment.

"That is why I'm here," Kyle said with a reassuring smile and Cassandra was shocked to hear this.

She didn't expect these words to come out of his mouth because Kyle was a young man with the world at his fingertips, there was no reason for him to limit himself to this responsibility but Cassandra couldn't help but believe him.

Kyle was so convincing but of course, he was, he just became the best actor overnight but it was hard to discern if this was an act or the truth.

"You're just saying that. I'm sorry to say but I cannot believe mere words," Cassandra said but Kyle chuckled at this response.

Her reasoning was valid considering who Kyle was but this was also a pivotal moment for her as well because she knew what this meant not only for her but her son.

"Cassandra… Have you forgotten?" Kyle asked but Cassandra looked confused by what he meant by this.

"It seems I have because I have no idea what you're talking about," Cassandra responded but a chuckle escaped Kyle's lips.

"You have me and my wealth is never-ending, I can give you as much as you want when you want it," Kyle reassured her. Cassandra wanted to call his bluff but Kyle already demonstrated he had the wealth to do that.

"Why me?" Cassandra asked.

"Well, you have those things on her chest for starters," Kyle said, staring right at the top of her cleavage.

Kyle noticed she was wearing a more revealing outfit recently and it was a refreshing sight to see.

It made her look more modern and less closed off, the chances that she would be approached by men looking this good was inevitable.

But he liked it, Kyle wanted other men to want his women or how would he have them as trophies in the long run if they were only desired by him?

Kyle wanted the best for them in life and had the means to make sure that came to pass.

"And you are an amazing woman. Don't get me started about you being a mother, I cannot place my fingers around it but the sacrifice you're making for your child isn't something every woman could," Kyle added, complimenting her motherhood.

Cassandra smiled at this compliment and Kyle leaned in close like she had something on her face.

"There is that smile… I definitely cannot lead that out," Kyle said and Cassandra was flushed right when these words left his lips.

[Ding!]

[Update in affection bar!]

[Cassandra's affection: 7%!]

Kyle knew it wasn't much but it was something, he wasn't sure if it increased because he called her a good mother or because of the compliments about her features.

"Hahaha! You're such a smooth-talker," Cassandra couldn't hold her blushes even though she tried her best to remain composed.

"Smooth talker and an even better eater, I'm a man of many talents," Kyle said out of the blue.

Cassandra knew what he was implying but the truth was that she had never been eaten before.

She stuck to conventional sex and didn't do anything much in terms of sexual adventures.

"You are? I wonder how that feels: Cassandra was a grown woman so this topic didn't make her embarrassed because she knew it had to be had if they were to have a healthy relationship.

"I could show you," Kyle's hand clutched her thighs but they were in public, the lawyer had left them alone right after their business concluded.

"We're in public," Cassandra whispered, trying to remove his hand from her thighs but Kyle was letting up.

"I could show you so many things…" Kyle said as his hand went higher up her thigh.

Kyle expected her to stop him but her hands slowly left his, leaving him to do what he wished with her body.

"Do you want to head back to your place?" Kyle asked her but Cassandra raised her eyebrow.

"Don't you think it is strange that I have never been to your place?" Cassandra questioned and she had a reason to.

It was a common practice for men to invite women back to their place but Kyle hadn't done that despite his status.

Jane wasn't going to be home nor was he expecting Calista so he should have the house all to himself.

But there was a problem, he didn't want Aiysha or Jones to see him bringing in different women to his house because it would ultimately dent his image.

Kyle realized that he might need another house for these types of activities.

Somewhere far away from here and that would solve half of his problems because then, he would no longer be worried about ruining how he was perceived.

Kyle had no idea why he was hesitant to take this step but understood that it would be him giving up a life that he had grown accustomed to.

However, it was time to make this change, he could put in a quick call and rent out an Airbnb for the rest of the year.

However, Kyle knew Cassandra would catch on because there would be no pictures or personal objects that would make this place look like a home.

Kyle had to come clean, he could just tell her the truth because the last thing he needed was three women knowing where he lived.

Each could access his home whenever they felt like it and this would put him in a tricky situation as it was only a matter of time before they ran into Jane.

Kyle hadn't told Jane about these girls yet even though she had her suspicions.

Kyle knew he needed to ease her into it, she had to understand that despite him having other women didn't mean he cared less about her.

This simply meant that he had the means to feed his addiction without compromising the lives of those around him.

"You know what, you're right but my place is undergoing a few renovations so it is not in a state to entertain guests as of yet," Kyle said and this was true because the apartment was undergoing a renovation.

Even though his house wasn't the one facing that construction.

"Is that so?" Cassandra asked in a suspicious tone.

"I cross my heart and hope to live," Kyle responded.

"That isn't how it goes…" Cassandra responded with a head shake and Kyle chuckled at this revelation.

"You see? My brain signals get all scrambled when I'm with you," Kyle showed his wit to try and divert the conversation from heading into a direction he didn't wish for it to.

"Fine, we can go back to my place," Cassandra said.

"Is your child home?" Kyle asked to which Cassandra nodded to confirm he was in fact at home.

"Yes, he is…" Cassandra responded, wondering if that would put him off from continuing with their planned hook-up.

"Good, I think it is about time I got to know the little fella," Kyle responded.

Cassandra couldn't believe those words left his mouth, she knew that Kyle didn't need to go this far but nonetheless appreciated the gesture.

"Is there something wrong?" Kyle asked her, Cassandra couldn't hide her facial expression.

"Nothing is wrong, I was just surprised, that is all. I didn't know you wanted to meet my boy," Cassandra confessed.

[Ding!]

[Update in affection bar!]

[Cassandra's affection bar: 12%!]

"The key… It is her child," Kyle thought to himself but this would inadvertently force him to play the role of a father despite him having no experience. Either being one or having one.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 210 - 210: You Have A Deal. [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nate got right to work to contact this woman because he understood the power he held in his hands right now.

It was just as Kyle suspected, she was someone that Nate had patronized, there was no mistaking that because the chat history between them was proof of that.

Nate got a response almost immediately, the disadvantage to her content was that it was niche and this meant it reached a limited audience.

The audience she did have had a closer relationship with her than any other top Onlyfans model.

Nate began the recruitment process but she was skeptical about the whole process because there was no telling if Nate was an online creep trying to lure her.

If this opportunity existed in the first place, why was he among her top 5 subscribers?

The first time they spoke, Nate informed her of his part-time job so no one could blame her for not believing his story.

It was too good to be true, no one just attains that type of influence by barely earning minimum wage.

But eventually, she bulged because Nate did enough to convince her,

She understood that this was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity but had no intentions of meeting him alone.

An agreement that Nate agreed with because he understood her concerns for her safety but he also wasn't meeting her in a neutral location.

He made sure to send her the address of the place he worked so she could run her research before deciding.

Nate knew that the moment she stepped foot inside, she would understand that this was as authentic as it got.

He didn't need to wait long because the woman agreed to meet him that day, showing that she already lived in his city.

Nate knew nothing about where she lived or otherwise, this was an educated guess because there was a chance that they would display those within proximity despite their location never being stated on their bio.

Nate anxiously waited like a kid on Christmas Eve, waiting to see what he got on Christmas.

The seconds blend into minutes and that eventually bled into hours.

It took a little over an hour and thirty minutes for his phone to ring, this was the first time this was happening.

Nate was giddy and picked up the phone and the anticipation he had waited for was all worth it because, for a split second, he heard her voice.

Nate gave her his number so she had the freedom to choose if she would call him or not.

She chose correctly because she walked through that door, her eyes darting around the place.

Nate noticed that she was alone despite telling him that she was going to come with someone.

This could have been a bluff because there was a high chance she wouldn't want anyone to know about this.

She looked confused but Nate confronted her from her blind spot because she wrongly assumed someone there was him.

The truth was, in this type of communication they had, Nate never revealed his face for security reasons. He didn't want her to be able to point him out of a crowd should they ever run into each other because he would be ashamed that his little secret found him.

"Hello there," Nate greeted, the woman wasn't startled because her body was already on alert right from the moment she entered the door.

She looked even prettier in person, it was a pity that a woman this beautiful engaged in such activities but it was never with another person.

That was something that Nate appreciated, all her content was solo so this was going to be an interesting experience because there was no telling if she was up for it to begin with.

"I'm sorry but I'm looking for someone," The lady said but Nate was surprised that she couldn't recognize his voice.

This must be Superman syndrome, where a person automatically disqualifies another because the comparison is inconceivable that their brain subconsciously sees two different people.

However, this woman could tell by the way Nate was looking at her that he knew her.

"Wait, don't tell me you're him?" The woman asked, almost gasping.

She was a woman with black hair, the tips dyed blue but she was a lot shorter than Nate thought she would be, barely reaching 5' 2 however there was something about her aura.

It wasn't that of a woman lacking in confidence and she maintained eye contact with Nate all through, not once looking away.

"You caught me. You see? I wasn't a creep," Nate teased but this was what made the entire case even more strange.

People that usually had these kinks all looked like or acted like creeps so seeing Nate was the opposite of that was a shocker, to say the least.

But just like that, her guard dropped and it was all thanks to how Nate looked.

He was attractive and people tend to feel safer with attractive individuals as opposed to people that aren't attractive.

It was one of those unwritten laws of the universe but it once again showed how attractive people had it a lot easier than those that weren't.

"I'm shocked… So this was a real proposal? I'm not going to go home disappointed now, am I, big boy?" The lady questioned, Nate spotted the piercing on her tongue and everything about her was exciting.

She was the kind of woman who would make a holy man sin because she knew how to satisfy the male ego.

"You are not leaving her disappointed," Nate assured her with a goofy smile.

"I'm glad to hear," She ran her fingers along his arm, sending a shudder down his spine.

Everything about her was enough to give him a boner, he still couldn't believe she was here in person.

Nate was quick to begin the interview process because he understood that this was something that couldn't skip or take lightly considering she was going to be the face of this moving forward.

Nate knew that Kyle trusted him to make the right call and he wasn't going to take that for granted.

For the first time, Nate asked her for a name as he only knew the username that she displayed on the site.

And the thing he got from this interaction was her name being Kelly but this was one of the few things that she could reveal.

It was finalized in a few minutes and Nate had no idea how to describe the feeling in his heart but he knew that mixing pleasure and business was a recipe for disaster.

A disaster he couldn't afford right now because there was too much at stake.

But the good news was, they had secured their first employee in the 18+ department.

-

Jane and Ella had come to realize that Calista might be the same person and this allowed Ella to reveal everything the two discussed.

They took a trip online to learn more about it and to their surprise, Calista wasn't as unknown as they thought. If anything, her recent movie got a decent amount of promotion because she was semi-trending on social media platforms right now.

"Oh wow… She is pretty," Jane couldn't help but admire her beauty.

Ella rolled her eyes because she knew that this woman was not only younger than Jane but had the status to make her friend feel insecure.

"Of course she is but if Kyle has anything to do with her, there is no way it wouldn't be all over the news. Don't you think so?" Ella asked.

She tried her best to reassure her friend but this wasn't Jane being insecure but admiring the beauty of this woman.

There was no way that Kyle didn't give her a double take.

"I trust Kyle, Ella. It Is alright but this lady is so pretty," Jane stated once again but this was her admiring another woman.

Nothing more, nothing less and Ella realized that shortly after.

"I know right, I was stunned!" Ella confessed.

No wonder she was receptive to her offer of friendship.

The ladies kept searching for more information regarding her doing a little investigative work of their own.

And they stumbled upon various information about her after going down the rabbit hole.

They went from shocked to surprised because they stumbled upon the picture of Kyle arriving at the set.

"What is he doing there?" Jane stuttered.

She couldn't understand but this at least helped her understand the nature of their relationship.

Ella didn't also think this was important enough to cause a panic because no one knew what Kyle did for a living but Ella was aware that he had dealings in the entertainment industry.

"That is it!" Ella exclaimed, she had finally connected the dots.

"What is!? And why did you scream?!" Jane shouted as she stumbled back.

"She knows Kyle! She has always known him!" Ella said. This meant that Calista had lied to her right from the start when she claimed not to.

It was hard not knowing the person whose Agency you worked for.

Ella was close but had it wrong, Calsita had no idea that Kyle was her boss but this was the connection Ella established between them which ultimately worked in Kyle's favour.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 211 - 211: Mommy Issues. [18+] [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was delighted with his life but knew he had to deal with his past.

It was something that he had tried to outrun for so long but it was catching up to him.

Kyle knew it was only a matter of time before it bled into the present.

Kyle saw Cassandra and couldn't help but picture his mother in her somewhat.

She was caring but watching her do what she did for her child was the opposite of what his mother did.

Kyle's mother berated him constantly and reminded him that he was the reason his father was no longer in their lives.

This made him feel worthless growing up and it showed by how little he clung to life.

He never saw it as anything special and would throw it away at any given inconvenience because he was aware that life was only as important as one made it out to be.

But this woman here, why was she fighting for her child?

How lucky he must be to have two parents fighting for the love of their child?

Kyle was envious but there was nothing he could do to repair his past.

But would this child be like him when he grew up if he played a father role?

This scared Kyle because he didn't turn out great until this system appeared out of nowhere to bless him with the ability to turn his life around.

On the verge of death, he was reborn into something he didn't recognize.

Kyle wondered if he was a good or bad person.

Cassandra started as a distraction, a person he wished to test her moral compass to validate his thoughts on marriage.

However, she turned into something entirely different.

A woman that would do anything to secure her child's future even if that meant sleeping with him.

Kyle respected the logic behind it because that is how every parent should be when it comes to their children so why was he different?

"Are you alright, you have been quiet for some time?" A voice jolted him back to reality and it was no other than Cassandra.

They were riding in his car and Kyle was distracted by something, Cassandra picked up on this.

"I'm fine…" Kyle responded with a reassuring smile.

Cassandra had no other reason to press him for an answer because she believed him.

After all, Kyle had no reason to lie to her.

Cassandra was surprised that he opened up to her regarding his family at random.

She knew that there was more to him than the wealth he displayed.

Cassandra understood him on a deeper level than most but of course, she wasn't aware of this.

Kyle was using her as an emotional tampon.

He knew she was best suited for his emotional needs when it came to it because she was a mother.

It came with maternal instinct or so it is believed.

"Hey Cass…" Kyle called out but this was the first time he was calling her this so she was quite surprised but she liked the way it sounded as it rolled off his tongue.

"Yes?" Cassandra responded, giving him her full attention as Kyle's eyes remained on the road.

"I was stabbed a couple of weeks ago," Kyle said casually like he was delivering an insignificant piece of information.

"Y-You are kidding, right?" Cassandra stuttered but the stern look in Kyle's eyes told her otherwise.

"You're serious?!" Cassandra said but quickly regained her composure.

"... And we're here," Kyle said and Cassandra looked out her window, noticing they had arrived at her house.

"Oh wow, that was fast," Cassandra said but before she could return her head raced Kyle.

He was already out of the car and walking towards her door to open it for her like a gentleman.

Cassandra couldn't help but smile, an insignificant gesture but a sweet gesture.

"Mi lady?" Kyle said, stretching out his hand for her to take it.

Cassandra blushed as she took his hand and exited the car, she didn't forget what he had told her.

They both went inside the house and Cassandra went straight to the kitchen to check for some refreshments even though they just came from a place where they had a lot of fluids.

She returned with a glass of water but that wasn't what Kyle was thirsty for.

Kyle had a different craving and the moment she placed the glass on the table.

Kyle grabbed her wrists gently and looked her right in the eyes with a smile.

"What are you doing?" Cassandra asked in a low tone with a smile across her face.

"Come here you…" Kyle said, slowly pulling her to him.

Cassandra sat on his lap, straddling him like she was about to ride him and she didn't need anyone to tell her Kyle was aroused because something was poking her.

Cassandra's breasts were mere inches from his face but Kyle wanted what was beneath the shirt obstructing his view.

"I don't need water in my system," Kyle said, his hands already firmly around her buttocks.

Cassandra found all of this exciting.

Because it was a new experience for her and with a much younger man at that, he had the stamina Justin never did.

Cassandra shook her chest, her breast jiggling right in front of his face but his hands were already occupied at this moment with her bum.

Cassandra stared at him straight in the eyes before leaning in for a kiss.

The babysitter had gone out with the kid for some sun exposure, it was healthy for developing babies as opposed to being locked up so they had time to themselves.

Cassandra placed her lips on Kyle before forcing her tongue between them, not like Kyle had any intention of resisting.

He let it happen and he could tell that Cassandra wanted this more than him because he felt like he was the grim reaper about to take away her final breath.

Kyle squeezed a little too hard on her buttocks and Cassandra moaned right into his mouth but never stopped, not even for a second.

But eventually, she broke free to catch her breath, a spit web connecting the both of them.

"What has gotten into you?" Kyle asked with a grin but Cassandra looked like she had been craving this for so long.

"Show it to me," Cassandra said but Kyle was a bit confused as to what she was asking.

"You're sitting on it," Kyle responded, assuming it was his cock she was talking about but one couldn't blame him for making this discernment.

"Not that… I want to see where you were stabbed," Cassandra demanded.

This was an odd request considering what they were doing but Kyle had no idea what she had in mind.

He proceeded to take off his chest and she could see the healing wound on his torso, it didn't need a second glance to spot it.

She was surprised that she was just taking note of it despite Kyle already having his way with her once but her attention wasn't on his body but the pleasure he was giving to her.

Cassandra looked at it with such concentration that Kyle thought she had x-ray vision for a second there.

"You poor thing, it must have hurt," Cassandra said, running her finger around the scar.

"It did hurt…"Kyle responded, still not sure how he felt about this but Cassandra began to plan soft kisses around it.

"My poor baby…" Cassandra whispered under her breath, running her tongue along the scar tissue.

Kyle had no idea what she was doing but the effect it had on her body was something else because his cock shot up, poking her a lot stronger than before.

"It looks like you want Mommy to take care of you, don't you?" Cassandra asked.

Kyle had no idea why she was talking like this but whatever it was, it was working for him.

Kyle knew there was no limit to the sexual adventures he could go on with these women regardless of how weird it seemed.

Cassandra nibbled on it lightly, prompting Kyle to grunt slightly in pain but her gentle kisses took the pain away immediately after.

"What the hell is she doing?" Kyle thought to himself and rightfully so because none of this was something he was used to.

Cassandra planted kisses, lowering her lips with each peck as she went down his pelvis until her face was eventually right in front of his erection.

"Do you want me to take care of this too?" Cassandra asked to which Kyle nodded.

"Then ask me," Cassandra demanded but her tone was different.

"Um…" Kyle had no idea what to say but he could tell that Cassandra didn't have full confidence in what she was doing.

She knew that Kyle enjoyed sucking on her breasts and assumed this was something that he would enjoy.

"I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable," Cassandra got up right away and had to readjust her entire body language because she knew she might have overstepped her boundaries in the process.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 212 - 212: Womp! Womp! [18+][FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There were things in the world that Kyle couldn't control but the things he could control, he basked in them.

Kyle knew how he viewed Cassandra but the way she acted almost destroyed that fantasy because she was bringing it to reality.

Certain things should only remain in the mind and Cassandra's act might have made this entire thing strange.

Cassandra was quick to apologize but Kyle didn't know how he felt about it just yet.

"It is fine, it just took me by surprise," Kyle said, still seated but Cassandra noticed his cock was rock hard so she must have been doing something right.

Kyle looked at her body, slowly looking at her from head to toe with a grin on his face.

Cassandra grew self-conscious because, in her mind, he was looking at everything she was insecure about, including the stretch marks she had.

She slowly lifted her hand to cover her body up but Kyle shook his head.

"Put them down," Kyle instructed her, Cassandra didn't know if this was a humiliation ritual but she did as she was told.

Kyle could tell she was uncomfortable but Cassandra had free will, she could put a stop to this if she didn't want to.

The only reason she was doing all of this was because it was something she wished to do.

"That's it…" Kyle said before taking his cock out of his pants, Cassandra noticed how hard it was and it looked even bigger than before.

"Does it grow bigger every time I see it?" Cassandra thought to herself, genuinely surprised.

This could also be because she has only seen Justin's cock for the past couple of years, the only thing she had to go on was porn.

Even that looked unrealistic and rightfully so, so seeing a big one in person was an eye-opener.

Kyle began to slowly jerk off to her body and this sent a shiver up Cassandra's spine.

The fact that he was doing this meant he found her body that attractive.

The body she had grown subconsciously about ever since giving birth to her son.

"You're perfect," Kyle muttered to her before gesturing for her to take off her top.

Cassandra did that to reveal her rock-hard nipples, her breasts bounced all over the place for a few seconds the moment they escaped her blouse.

Kyle was still amazed by the size and how she could walk without her back giving up on her.

Cassandra's body had loosened up, she was more comfortable doing this because she saw Kyle pleasuring himself to her.

She felt powerful, this was a strong ego boost but this also meant her body was responding to it.

She was soaked, this is the most aroused she has been in her life because she didn't know what was going through Kyle's mind either.

Cassandra didn't know if she was just supposed to stand there or do something to keep his attention on her.

She gulped because the way her heart was beating felt like it was going to jump out of her chest at that moment.

"Squeeze them," Kyle instructed her and Cassandra complied but her nipples were extremely sensitive.

The fact that Kyle was watching her made this experience all the more pleasurable because she knew she was doing this for me.

Cassandra tried her best to not get carried away, she ran her fingers around her nipples.

She was going to put on a show for Kyle and wasn't going to grope herself like some mindless puppet.

Cassandra pinched her nipples slightly and moaned in pleasure, biting her lower lips.

She tugged at it lightly before tightening her grip and pulling on it a lot harder.

Kyle smirked upon seeing this because he knew what she was doing at that moment.

"Harder," Kyle said, surprising her because he told her to squeeze them only a moment ago.

What was he hoping to achieve by this but it wasn't in her place to question him.

All she had to do was to show him that she was capable of doing what he wanted from her.

Cassandra did as she was told to the point that it felt like her hard nipple was on the verge of snapping off her chest.

However, the precum leaking from Kyle's cock served as motivation for her to push through the pain but before she knew it, breast milk slipped out.

Cassandra raised her head to look at Kyle's face and noticed that he liked it.

It wasn't everyone's cup of tea but Kyle had shown her that this was something he was into.

Cassandra took a deep breath because she was about to attempt something that could backfire.

She grabbed her breasts from the base before squeezing them and running her hand to the nipple like she was emptying a toothpaste except what escaped the tip was milk.

It spilled a few meters ahead and Kyle began to stroke his cock even faster.

"H-He likes?" Cassandra thought to herself. This thought was fuel for her to keep doing what she planned.

But it hurt slightly to force milk out of her breasts but it was for Kyle's pleasure so the pain could be endured.

"Come here," Kyle instructed her, Cassandra walked towards him but Kyle shook his head.

"Not on your feet, on your knees," Kyle added and once again, Cassandra complied.

She crawled towards him, wondering what else this man had in mind but one thing was certain, her sexual life had come to life.

"Place them around it," Kyle told her, holding his cock still.

It was throbbing like crazy and the amount of precum dripping down the sides made her wonder just how aroused he was.

Cassandra placed his cock between her tits, it was so hot but the slippery effect of the precum made it easier for her.

She wanted to place it in her mouth, she wondered what was coming over her because why was she craving this cock in her mouth?

She clamped her breasts together, the softness that encompassed Kyle's cock made him wonder if he had reached an astral plane because this felt like an out-of-body experience.

But Cassandra was surprised that the tip somehow poked out at the top.

It was supposed to be completely buried between her breasts but this didn't matter as she began to move it up and down.

Cassandra had no idea why she was so aroused by this, the cock was only between her tits yet her coochie was aching.

It wanted him in it and who could blame it, Kyle yanked his head back to take in the pleasure that came with it all.

Cassandra could no longer control her thirst and lowered her head to take in the tip of his cock, something that caught Kyle off guard because he was in a world of his own.

"F-Fuck!~" Kyle moaned because she was sucking it like a lollipop, sucking in all the precum that was leaking off the top like she was taking icing off a cake.

She split her breasts like the red sea and took in more inches to the point she was gagging.

"I-I'm cumming!~" Kyle exclaimed, this was strange. The fact that he finished so fast was a testament to not only her skills but what she was capable of.

Kyle nutted right in her mouth and Cassandra swallowed it all, she realized that she had been touching herself.

Kyle's cum tasted so good but Cassandra knew that she wasn't satisfied.

However, Kyle was still hard so she knew then that he was just getting started.

"The vitality of a young man is impressive," Cassandra said but Kyle bent her over.

She adjusted her legs, spreading them as far as she could. Cassandra was aware she needed to because this was the only way for her to take him all in as she hadn't fully adjusted to his size.

Kyle slipped it in from behind and Cassandra didn't even attempt to hold in her moans at this point, her lips parting to let out a loud moan.

"Ahhh!~" It echoed but Kyle was still slipping in his cock until everything was inside.

He reached places her ex-husband didn't even know existed and Kyle felt it clench up around him.

It didn't want to let him go, it wanted to absorb it and this prompted Kyle to slap her buttocks leaving his reddened handprint on the left cheek.

"D-Don't be so rough or I w-!~" Cassandra was met with another slap and tightened up even more, the slippery nature of her pussy made it possible for him to slide out.

But it felt like he had unclogged a fountain because the moment he pulled out, Cassandra gushed all over him.

"UUUGGGHGHHH!~" Cassandra tried to say something but words failed her; Kyle wasn't having it.

He pushed her back down, cuffing her much smaller wrists at her back beneath his much bigger hand.

Kyle shoved his cock back in and began to thrust back and forth, each collision of flesh felt like an earthquake but Kyle kept spanking her with his other hand.

Cassandra's eyes rolled to the back of her head and even moaning became a problem as Kyle fucked her to a stupor.

.

.

.

A/N: I apologize for the DNO! I'm currently going through a rough patch and my time is all messed up for now. Thank you all for your understanding!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 213 - 213: Calista's Lies Catches Up To Her. [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ella hated that Calista had betrayed her because she had no reason to lie to her even though it could be considered a harmless one.

It didn't hurt anyone but it made Ella feel stupid that someone of her level had genuine interest in her.

They had stalked her and realized that she not only knew Kyle but there was a chance that she was intruding in his personal life.

Ella knew that she could potentially be a stalker and used her to get closer to her prey.

After what happened to Kyle, there was no way she was going to be the one to put him in danger.

She didn't know this girl's intention but Ella knew she had to let Kyle know so he could decide what to do on his own.

She owed him that much with all that he had done for her, she would never have gone home and gotten the closure she needed if he didn't urge her.

Ella was glad he did because she overcame her biggest fear and was reminded that she was enough.

Not only that, she stood up to Cleopatra even though it didn't end well as Cleopatra got physical with her but the constant thought of what went on between her and Kyle lingered at the back of her mind.

Jane was content with this discovery because it meant that it wasn't someone Kyle had a personal relationship with but work-related rather.

This was how easily one piece of information at the right time could give a wrong take of what was going on because all evidence pointed towards that.

Jane, however, wondered if she was the only one he was seeing because Kyle had never said anything along that line.

But wasn't it to be expected with someone of that status? Jane knew it wouldn't matter if he revealed that as she was far too deep.

Kyle was her first and there was no way that she could let go even if she wanted to.

She knew that her best friend should have some experience in something like this but also didn't want to reveal this part to her.

Not only would she sum it up as Jane overthinking, but there was a chance that she would dismiss this as a mere assumption because, in truth, Kyle had given her no reason to doubt him.

He has been transparent throughout and gave her all the reassurance she needed.

Both of them stumbled on the movie in which she had acted in the past on an Ad-filled website that made it impossible to view without being redirected a thousand times.

They couldn't complain because it was a free site and they doubled down, they weren't even sure it would be her.

The comment section was filled with perverts, as expected, but they found a few more recent ones, a couple of days old, and they mentioned her name with the new movie coming out.

Jane and Ella weren't looking forward to the movie's content. They sighed because they knew they were about to see something they wished they hadn't.

The movie began and it wasn't as bad as they thought it would be but they truly came to understand how attractive Calista was.

Everything about her not only exuded confidence but her sex appeal made them question their sexuality.

The movie came to an end, it was what you would expect from a softcore film but Calista definitely captured the substance of the character.

"She is like a goddess…" Jane blurted out but this time, her tone sounded worried.

"I know right, I cannot believe what I just watched," Ella responded, clearly in a daze.

This was the woman hanging around Kyle?

Ella hated to admit it but it looked like this woman just might be interested in him.

This was the only explanation for her calling him at home and the hesitation to speak when Jane picked up the phone instead of Kyle.

It was all coming together but Ella hoped for Kyle's sake that he wasn't entertaining her.

If he did anything to make Jane look stupid or betray her in any way, she would never forgive him.

Ella knew she couldn't let her thoughts out but ironically, she and Jane were thinking of the same thing at that moment with neither wanting to alarm the other.

This wasn't a good idea, they should never have watched that movie but there was no going back after that.

"You know, it isn't all that bad? She is quite good," Ella tried to steer the conversation in a positive light.

"I know right…" Jane responded but before they could go crazy, the food they had ordered arrived at their doorstep.

Jane rushed to the door to attend to the delivery man and Ella quickly closed the tab so they could move past this.

Calista was the epitome of a sex symbol and this made her curious about the kind of movie she was in recently.

She sounded excited but did Kyle extend the same grace to her as he did Ella?

This shouldn't be a big deal if he did but it made Ella feel less "special" especially if Kyle was doing this for everyone.

There was no way her acting skills were enough for such a big role to begin with.

"Damn it!" Ella thought to herself but she dared not let this emotion surface in front of Jane.

Ella was jealous of Calista not because of her looks but because she had Kyle the same way she did.

Jane returned with the food, it wasn't the cheap junk food that people were used to but something a bit over the shelf.

Jane's brain had reset, forgetting everything they were talking about as her attention was now on the food.

The aroma entered her nostrils and she began to salivate like a dog.

All she could think about was food and Ella sighed the moment she caught on.

She forgot how simple Jane was and this was a good thing thinking about it.

She wished life could be that easy but Ella was beginning to connect the dots between Calista and Kyle's relationship.

-

Cassandra was laying in Kyle's hand, Kyle didn't feel anything for her but this was to be expected even though he vowed to take care of her.

This was, in itself, a form of love even though he wasn't emotionally invested in her.

Cassandra was fast asleep but Kyle needed some fluid to remain hydrated; he knew they weren't the only ones in the house.

The babysitter must have caught on, they clearly knew what was happening in that room but Kyle wondered why Cassandra trusted them enough to let them know she was seeing someone despite being so scared previously.

"There is nothing wrong with this, is there?" Kyle thought to himself, he wanted to snoop around the house for a bit but this was mostly to get a cup of water.

Kyle got up and walked into the kitchen but he was well dressed, he didn't walk around with his buttocks in view because this would be inappropriate by all definitions of the word.

Kyle walked and got a glass of water but he wanted to walk around the house for a bit to stretch his legs.

Cassandra was a woman that not every man could handle, she was far too busty and thick for anything less than 8 inches could satisfy.

This already ruled out the average man but Kyle was far from average down there and he was glad because this opened up everything he could possibly accomplish with that.

Kyle could hear a voice in the distance but it wasn't coherent, that was to be expected considering it was baby noises.

Kyle walked in that direction, knowing this might be crossing a line but he wanted to see her son up close.

Kyle didn't know why but the thought brought a smile to his face because, in a sense, this could be a reflection of the childhood he never got to have.

Kyle wanted to relive his life through the child and give him what he lacked in a sense.

Would this be enough to fix him? Or would the child turn out just like him either way?

Kyle wanted to know if things could have been different if he had a father that showed up.

It all started and began with his father and Kyle knew if his father stayed, things would have been different.

But he wondered why his mother went ahead with the pregnancy if she wasn't able to care for him when it would have been a lot easier to get rid of him.

However, Kyle was a means to trap a man, that was all he was created for.

He didn't serve much of a purpose outside of that unfortunately but Kyle was beginning to find purpose in his once-empty life.

He walked into the room and saw a girl, no more than 19 years old but she was startled.

"You can leave, I'm sure your hours have well elapsed," Kyle instructed her, barely paying any attention to her.

She knew what Kyle had just done to Cassandra so it was safe to say this was her lover.

Kyle gave her a $500 bill for her time and she was shocked. For a girl that age, this was a lot and he didn't need to say another word before she left.

Kyle just stared at the baby but had no idea when a soft smile creased his face when the baby began to giggle.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 214 - 214: Snooping. [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There was nothing else to do at this stage, but Calista was glad that her career was about to take off because the attention she got was unprecedented. She wasn't aware that Kyle had caught on to what she was doing.

Calista knew she had made a mistake but there was nothing she could do at this point but to accept that mistake.

She knew that if Kyle found out then there was a chance that this could cause some serious problems among them.

But what if she told Kyle about meeting Calista? There was a chance that Kyle wouldn't believe her but that was unlikely because he was a smart individual, there was no way he wouldn't see through it.

He will catch on and it was only a matter of time but he did tell her to keep contact with the lady, didn't he?

There was a chance that this would help her case as she could easily say this was part of it and she didn't report back because there was nothing worth reporting.

Calista was overthinking this because there was a chance the woman wouldn't even contact Kyle, to begin with.

She called Lorenzo, who answered after a few rings, Lorenzo was a man she was growing to trust because of his sexual orientation.

But she knew in the end that if something was going to happen, there was a chance that it would be because she made him feel too comfortable– something she had no intention of doing.

He would have been more wary if he was a straight man because then she would be aware of what he was after at a deeper level.

She still had her reservations because he never said he was gay, he could swing both ways but he had a current partner so she could breathe somewhat.

Lorenzo answered and in a few seconds, agreed to meet Calista with no hesitation.

Calista was beginning to wonder if he had anything else to do with his time because why was he so available?

But there was a chance that he was lonely and didn't know anyone because judging by his accent, he didn't grow up here.

He must have moved here but Calista, without thinking, invited him to her home.

Lorenzo arrived in a few minutes but Calista remembered at that moment that she wasn't just a random woman.

She was getting some buzz and having Lorenzo visit her private quarters was an avenue for rumors.

And she was right, people caught on because her neighbours began to take pictures the moment he stepped out of his car.

Calista rushed outside, grabbed him by the wrist and yanked him inside the house but was it a bad thing if people thought they were dating?

"Why did you come in with your car!?" Calista barked at him, looking outside her window blinds.

"I wasn't going to walk, was I?" Lorenzo responded with a chuckle.

He didn't know why she was reacting the way she was as of yet because it hadn't dawned on him just what a little fame could do to a person's lifestyle.

Calista sighed in frustration, she made the same mistake so it was understandable why Lorenzo didn't think of this either.

She should have never invited him to her house but it was done, these things were inevitable but she worried that Kyle might get the wrong impression.

That was her greatest fear right now but Kyle didn't have much of an opinion regarding Calista.

She had lied to him and he caught that lie unfortunately for her but would this action have repercussions?

"Why did you want me here?" Lorenzo asked and Calista sat down some distance from him, reinforcing a barrier.

"I have something to ask you, a big favour," Calista began.

Lorenzo expected something of this nature or she wouldn't have called him here.

"What is it?" Lorenzo asked because he was always ready to help out when he could.

"The woman we met at the shop, she followed me home," Calista began and noticed Lorenzo's eyes doing a quick sweep of the house.

"Don't worry, she isn't here," Calista added quickly to put him at ease before he thought he was about to be ambushed. Not that he felt threatened because he trusted his strength and Calista not to set him up either.

"That is good, you had me worried for a bit. Did she hurt you?" Lorenzo asked but Calista shook her head to reassure him that she was fine.

"No, she didn't but I'm worried she will return," Calista expressed her fears.

"Do you want me to call the police?" Lorenzo offered.

"No, no… I need your help, I need you to help me make her open up," Calista suggested.

"I don't understand what you're asking," Lorenzo confessed, backed up by the puzzled expression on his face. Calista realized she might have been unclear.

"I want you to use your charm," Calista replied and Lorenzo caught on but this was a strange request considering she knew he was in a relationship.

If anything, it showed how little she respected it and Lorenzo recoiled at this.

"Is this a joke?" Lorenzo's tone was stern, completely different from how it was a couple of seconds ago.

"I mean no disrespect! I'm not asking you to get intimate with her. I'm sorry for not being clear," Calista quickly moved in to rectify the confusion, hoping this would change his mind.

Lorenzo was attractive but there was a low chance that this woman would blab about her family problems to a stranger just because he looked good.

If anything, she would keep it to herself to draw him in as a potential partner, something that Lorenzo knew so it was a strange suggestion nonetheless.

"I will have to decline, I'm sorry…" Lorenzo responded.

He could see the disappointment in Calista's eyes but she was about to send him down a slippery slope at that point.

"Are you sure?" Calista asked, hoping to have him change his mind as it looked like her explanation didn't do much in terms of swaying him.

"I am but if you need my help, you need to tell me why you need me to come onto a random stranger," Lorenzo questioned.

He was right, she was sending him in blind like he was some foot soldier.

Lorenzo wasn't a person to be used and he was making that clear by establishing a firm boundary regarding this in the future.

"Never mind, there is no point telling you if you won't help," Calista dismissed it.

Lorenzo didn't care enough to press on but the rest of their "hangout" was filled with an awkward tension.

Lorenzo knew she could have sent him this over the phone and if she didn't then there was a chance she didn't want whatever she wished to say to have any digital footprint.

There was no telling what would happen or what Lorenzo could do with it, she couldn't leave anything that could tie it to her.

-

Jane passed out shortly after eating with her bloated stomach hanging for all to see. It was a miracle she wasn't obese considering how much she ate.

Ella saw her phone beside her and had no idea why she felt the overwhelming urge to snoop.

"Forgive me, Jane," Ella muttered under her breath before reaching for her phone.

Ella knew her password so it was easy for her to access her phone.

Ella prayed that Jane wouldn't wake up to catch her in the act even though Jane wouldn't have a problem with it to begin with.

Jane trusted her and there was no reason for her to keep her phone away from her because she didn't hide anything from Ella.

This was why Ella felt bad hiding what went on that night with Kyle even though she didn't have the full story herself.

Ella found herself in Jane's message thread with Kyle, she knew what they discussed was none of her business but she wanted to know if Kyle had told her.

It was understandable if he didn't wish to confide in her but he should hold Jane in higher regard than her.

If he was going to tell anyone, it was going to be her but to her surprise, there was nothing there.

"Hm.." Ella found this strange but this confirmed that Kyle didn't tell Jane everything that went on with him.

She kept scrolling and saw something she wasn't supposed to see, it was a provocative picture of Kyle. A thirst trap so to say and Ella closed the thread so fast, one would think she had the speed force.

"What the…! That was his…!" Ella recalled how she felt his cock pressed up against her and seeing how big Kyle was but there was no way that Jane should be able to handle that, was there?

Ella found her heart racing, she couldn't believe what she had just seen but what was she expecting to see? Was this what she was hoping to see deep down?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 215 - 215: Viral. [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Cassandra awoke from her slumber. She had passed out and slept longer than usual because of what Kyle had done for her.

"Kyle…?" Cassandra called out but he was nowhere to be seen.

She got up from the bed and noticed that his clothes were nowhere to be seen.

Cassandra signed and realized that he must have left. He was a busy man, and his time was valuable.

But she couldn't believe what he put her body through

Why was sex with him so intense? It not only gave her a pleasure that she craved but it made her feel like she was one with the universe when he was inside of her, what he did to her body, she was his instrument of pleasure.

Each time they had sex, Kyle showed her that there was a higher level to this.

She walked towards her baby and already dreaded paying the extra money for her babysitter staying longer than her hours covered.

However, she spotted a shadowy figure that clearly didn't look like her much smaller babysitter.

She approached carefully because she knew this person was Kyle but what was he doing there?

She didn't want to interrupt whatever it was he had going on.

But to her surprise, Kyle had the baby scooped up in his arms with a smile on his face.

Rocking the child left and right with the baby giggling.

She didn't know what Kyle had been through but this moment right here felt special.

She couldn't place her fingers around it but she knew that Kyle needed this moment.

Kyle spotted her and quickly adjusted his body language, she could tell he became incredibly uncomfortable.

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to…" Kyle apologized like Cassandra was about to scold him.

Cassandra knew a bit about him so Kyle would understand if she didn't want him near her child.

But this was a rare moment of Kyle showing a side of himself that only a mother could recognize.

He was a frightened little boy that expected the scolding of a mother but Cassandra smiled at him because that was the last thing she would do to this man.

She walked towards him but Kyle was already moving to drop the baby; Cassandra shook her head.

"He likes you," Cassandra said, prompting Kyle to pause in his tracks with the baby in hand.

"H-He does?" Kyle asked and by now, Cassandra already closed the distance between them.

"Of course he does, can't you see that smile?" Cassandra questioned as she snuck Kyle a peek and to her surprise, his eyes were soft.

"I'm glad," Kyle responded.

[Ding!]

[Update in affection bar!]

[Cassandra's affection: 20%!]

Kyle snapped back to real reality and quickly handed her the baby shortly after.

Cassandra noticed the sudden shift, it was like something had possessed him.

"Are you okay?" Cassandra asked and Kyle nodded but there was something different about his smile.

It wasn't the same one as he had a few moments ago and this naturally made her wonder what happened.

"I'm fine but I have to go, busy day ahead," Kyle responded, shrugging it off because he was aware that he had shown a side to him that he didn't know he had.

Kyle walked away and left the house but Cassandra couldn't help but wonder if she had done something wrong.

However, this was a pivotal step in their relationship.

-

The movie had reached its conclusion and there was nothing left that could be done except for promotion.

That was exactly why Calista's pictures with Lorenzo outside of her home went viral so fast.

Before the day concluded, it was everywhere on the internet.

Calista had asked Lorenzo for a favour but he declined because he was aware that this could backfire in ways that betrayed his relationship.

It was funny because that was exactly what was about to happen.

Lorenzo left her apartment shortly after because he knew she didn't want him there.

This left her alone to her thoughts and her phone soon pinged to alert her of a tag.

The tags she got had reduced significantly over the past couple of hours because they were onto the next big thing.

Calista reluctantly checked her phone, but to her surprise, a picture of her and Lorenzo was trending.

She realized that her neighbours had not only taken a picture of them together but tagged a few channels that would spread it and make it go viral for some social media fame.

Calista kissed her teeth, realizing that it was time to leave this place because she knew how this looked.

This was the last thing she wanted happening but there was no way that she could escape as it had already come to pass.

All she could do right now was pray that Kyle wouldn't misinterpret this.

There was a chance that Kyle might because she had already betrayed him once so his expectation of her had reduced drastically.

Calista was yet to come clean regarding that and the longer she waited, the worse it seemed.

The captions implied that they were a couple and he had visited multiple times prior to this despite it being the first time.

The truth was they had mistook him for Kyle despite them looking nothing alike.

And that was to be expected because of their similar height, Calista gritted her teeth in anger before looking outside her window.

She could see the POV of the shot and knew which house was responsible.

Calista had to let out her anger and let them know this wasn't alright, it wasn't fine to film someone without their consent and post online for the world to see.

She didn't care how famous they wanted to be, there had been barriers drawn so they couldn't do as they pleased.

Calista dashed outside the door and walked right to the person responsible, she was angry and it was clear by how she carried herself.

She saw the blinds clasp shut when she was within range of the house showing that these people were still watching her.

She thought that this place was safe, even after she got her car they didn't snoop the way they did but that changed the moment she found out that she could potentially be a famous person.

It was surreal having a neighbour turned celebrity living right next to them so in that sense, one couldn't blame them for their reaction.

Even if it did cross certain boundaries that shouldn't be crossed.

Calista pressed the doorbell and could hear rapid movements within the house followed by whispers.

The door finally swung open to welcome her and it was a giddy lady who couldn't contain her smile even though she was aware of why Calista was at her front door.

"What can I do for you, Miss Wave?" The neighbor was filled with excitement which made it harder for Calista to maintain her rage.

For the first time, she felt like someone important, a celebrity because the way this older woman looked at her was one of admiration, not contempt.

"I wanted to ask if you could take down the picture you posted, it is sending the wrong message," Calista got right to the point even though her voice had softened.

"I'm afraid it is too late for that, it is already viral!" The lady responded.

Calista could tell this was her first viral tweet so the dopamine she got from that must still be in her system.

But she was right, there was no point doing this if it was already viral, however, this gave Calista an idea.

"Alright… How about a favour?" Calista said and of course, who would turn down a request from a 'celebrity'?

-

Ella had gone through Jane's phone and couldn't get her mind off what she saw, it kept replaying in her head over and over again.

She never saw Kyle in that light but that picture did something to her brain chemistry because now, that was all she thought about.

Jane was still sleeping and Ella wondered if she should check for more of these things on her phone.

She already saw this so what harm could come from searching for others? It wasn't like he was naked, to begin with so it should be fine.

She reached for her phone once again but Jane turned in her sleep before eventually opening her eyes.

Ella had retracted her hands fast enough to evade Jane's gaze.

"Welcome back to the land of the living," Ella greeted her friend, who was still somewhat dazed.

"Do we still have more food?" Jane asked, sounding like she was half-asleep.

"You can't possibly be serious!" Ella barked at her friend but Jane just stared at her blankly before returning to sleep.

"This woman…" Ella thought to herself with a facepalm but she was glad that Jane woke up when she did because she was about to do something she knew she couldn't come back from.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 216 - 216: I Have A Problem. [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle left the area and all he could think of was what had happened at Cassandra's house.

Kyle didn't know why he reacted or acted that way towards the baby.

He drove away, but his mind was in disarray. Kyle's mind was foggy, and he could barely think straight.

Kyle could feel a panic attack sneaking up on him despite being on the wheel, every emotion he had suppressed came rushing to the surface.

"What the hell was that?" Kyle thought to himself, speeding away on the road.

He couldn't take his foot off the gas pedal; it felt like if he did, his problems would catch up with him.

Kyle's vision became blurry shortly after, his breathing became heavier and before he knew it, his limbs tensed up.

Kyle hit the brakes suddenly and the car screeched to a halt, nearly crashing into another vehicle but Kyle managed to avoid it at the last second.

"I need some help," Kyle thought to himself, the fact that he didn't crash into the car showed his superior skills.

Kyle was breathing heavily and the car he nearly ran into was shouting at him but the voice was drowned out.

Kyle was glad that he managed to escape the accident unharmed but it showed that he had a problem on a much deeper level.

Kyle drove away without engaging or saying a word because he knew that things would escalate if he did engage.

Kyle left the vicinity right away but the panic attack had somewhat subsided, it wasn't as bad as it previously was but Kyle was feeling the effects.

He finally realized that he needed help and there were trained professionals for these things.

Kyle found himself in a therapist's office but it wasn't on the cheap end either.

But this was what he wanted because as open-minded as Kyle was, he didn't want anyone to know that he was seeing someone or there was a chance that they would treat him differently.

"Do you have an appointment, sir?" The secretary asked but Kyle knew that there was nothing money couldn't do.

If there wasn't a slot open then he would simply buy one but Kyle was out of it because he was trembling physically.

The secretary noticed this and looked worried because it looked like this man needed a hospital, not a therapist.

Kyle noticed that there was no one else here so the therapist couldn't be all that busy.

This was a dying profession and the internet made it more accessible as it no longer required physical presence.

Zoom would do even though it was preferred for them to be there in person because the energy would be different and it would help the therapist read them a lot better.

"Sir, do you need a doctor?" The lady behind the desk but Kyle rolled his eyes in irritation.

"Are you dea-!" Kyle stopped himself from lashing out, opting to take a deep breath instead.

"I'm sorry but I just need to see the therapist, is there any way you could push me up the list?" Kyle asked, his tone softening.

"I cannot, I'm sorry… Unless you made an appointment," The lady responded.

Kyle knew she was just doing her job and this wasn't necessarily in her power to begin with.

"How about $50,000?" Kyle asked and the lady's attention was piqued at that moment.

She was wondering why he was offering that sort of money, to begin with when there were cheaper therapists around.

However, this was a fleeting interest because what happened next surprised Kyle as she turned it down, this not only hinted at her being paid well but she didn't show any shock at being offered this amount.

"As I said, it is out of my hand, sir," The lady responded and Kyle accepted his fate.

He had to wait and that was what he intended to do.

He couldn't let just anyone in his mind, it had to be the best of the best.

-

Cassandra had tried to call Kyle multiple times but there was no answer at the other end, it went right to voicemail and this had her worried.

She couldn't afford to lose Kyle, he had become a pivotal part of her life so there was no telling what would happen to her if he removed himself.

However, she knew that she couldn't afford to make him feel trapped or that too might backfire.

The last thing a man would want to feel is trapped in a relationship with a woman but Cassandra noticed the way he looked at her son.

It was gentle, Kyle wasn't scared of him, he was scared of himself.

Cassandra knew it was important to give him some space to sort himself out but also wanted him to know that he didn't have to do it alone because she was there for him whenever he needed.

Something told her that Kyle wasn't used to having people to rely on so he carried the entire weight on his shoulder.

No one should have to face the world alone, that is no way to live a life and Cassandra found herself wanting to heal parts of Kyle that she didn't break.

But this would only make it harder for her to let go, Cassandra wasn't stupid and was aware that all of this could come to an end at any given moment.

It could be when she grows older or stops looking the way she did because beauty fades over time.

Only a few women maintain their beauty in their older years or age 'gracefully' as they say.

The reality is old age comes for all and she was already in her thirties, she had a few good years on her before the wrinkles came into play.

Cassandra wasn't thinking that far ahead because if anything, it was a blessing to have Kyle in her life right now.

The present had to be utilized but why was she developing feelings for him despite knowing all of this?

Cassandra wondered if it was her loneliness getting the best of her but that couldn't be the case, if it was sex she sought it was easy for her to get that.

She stared at her phone, waiting for a response from Kyle, that was the only thing on her mind right now and who could blame her?

Cassandra's phone rang but it was from the wrong person, it was from Justin but she had no plans of picking up the phone regardless.

This wasn't something she had any interest in despite being well aware that this might be important.

She resisted the urge and the call turned into a missed one but a text message came in shortly after.

Cassandra felt nothing for him but this didn't mean he stopped being the father of her child.

She was aware that she had to remain in contact with him on the off-chance that this case didn't go as planned.

She read the message and it was Justin asking for her back, this was a shock considering he was the one that pushed for a divorce.

He acted like she made him miserable and it was because of her that he wasn't happy in the marriage but Cassandra was aware that things were going according to plan.

Cassandra was disgusted by this message and it took everything in her not to rain curses at him.

However, she knew how she reacted to this could be used against her.

Justin had used their kid as a means with the cliche.

"If not for me, then do it for our child,"

Cassandra knew this wasn't genuine, his lawyer must have told him to phrase it this way because this could act as potential evidence.

Cassandra knew she had to think carefully before replying and this was when she needed Kyle.

She thought about sending her lawyer a message but this seemed a bit too trivial to involve him.

This was why Cassandra did the one thing she knew to do at that moment.

[[It is because of our child, we cannot be together… I'm not angry at you, Justin. I just no longer care. If the system decides you can be in her life then I won't stop you but that doesn't mean you get to be in mine.]] Cassandra responded.

This was a good response because it couldn't be misinterpreted.

She noticed Justin had read it but that was the end of the conversation, he didn't attempt to send another message.

She was right, all of this was a ploy to get under her skin to make her lash out, even though she wanted to, Cassandra's feelings for him were no more and that was all thanks to Kyle.

He was now the recipient of those feelings and this meant she could look at things a lot more logically when it came to her ex-husband.

But Cassandra soon heard a knock at the door, she knew who it was without answering.

She had already changed the locks pending the verdict so Justin couldn't enter the house whenever he pleased.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 217 - 217: Nakamura's Partners. [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nakamura was glad with the way things had progressed, he was keeping an eye on Kyle because he knew how dangerous an ambitious man was.

Nakamura couldn't find anything worthwhile about Kyle but one thing was certain, he didn't come from money.

This was something that didn't add up because Nakamura was aware that no one could make money under the radar without leaving some imprint.

Even if the money was illegal—and that could very well be Kyle's predicament—nothing came back that explained his source of wealth.

Kyle wasn't attracted to Yuki so Nakamura couldn't use her to exploit him whatsoever but this only made him more intrigued.

Nakamura was also curious to know why that lady was interested in Kyle or why she went out of her way to remove him from that embarrassing situation.

That wasn't the first time that night that they had conversed but Nakamura was a professional through and through.

Nakamura was glad that he met Kyle because he knew he could exploit him until things played out in his favour.

But was that the case? Kyle was a lot smarter than he let on and there was a high chance that everything that had happened played right into his hands.

"Mr. Nakamura, your guests are here," Yuki informed him, the big Asian man was seated in his office and Yuki allowed his guests to come in.

These were men of the highest calibre and he chuckled when his eyes met theirs.

"Hello gentlemen," Nakamura greeted her with a smile and the two gentlemen returned his smile.

"Mr. Nakamura, it is a pleasure to finally meet you," A dark-skinned man greeted him with a broad smile as they exchanged a firm handshake.

Nakamura acknowledged the other man beside him soon after showing that the dark-skinned man had more standing in this interaction.

"I'm glad you could make it too, Samuel," Nakamura spoke to the caucasian man seated beside him.

He was the owner of a much smaller business that was still in its early stages, he was just glad to be here in all honesty but the other man was the owner of a music label.

Nakamura wanted the right to use some of his artist's songs in the movie because it would boost both their businesses.

"DMZ, I believe my assistant has briefed you as well as Samuel," Nakamura

Informed them both because he wanted them to get right down to business.

Samuel was only here because the label he owned had a particularly talented artist that recently gained some traction on Spotify so in this sense, Samuel was the one that needed Nakamura's help to push his music.

"I have been briefed and I have decided to come here as a sign of respect to you," DMZ said, he wasn't nobody and was reputable in the rap industry because it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say rap wouldn't be where it was without his influence.

Nakamura was surprised himself why he was choosing a rap song but this was simply one of multiple artists he had gotten rights to use their music.

He focused mostly on the smaller labels because he would need less money to convince them as they could use his movie as some sort of promotion but they would get a certain percentage of each sale since their song was used.

Nakamura made sure to cover all legal grounds to avoid any incident that could potentially smear his efforts to make the movie as big as it could be.

Nakamura knew it would have helped to get a well-known artist to assist them in their endeavour because that would be a promotion in itself but unfortunately, no one was interested or at least the ones he wanted.

Kyle's proposal was too good to pass up because it allowed them to improve the overall quality of the movie but he hoped the sales would allow them to break even.

That was the most important thing, they needed to make the money back before they could speak about profits.

Nakamura was a businessman first of all and money would always come first.

This was why he accepted Kyle's offer so they could cushion the losses should it not do as well they expected.

DMZ was a difficult man to get a hold of and Nakamura was glad he was able to pull this off even though the money he offered would put him at a momentary loss.

-

Kyle waited for minutes that bled into hours but his trembling stopped soon after.

Kyle recollected himself and without saying a word attempted to leave the office.

The secretary kept a close eye on him because she had no idea what he was up to.

She couldn't let a potential threat get close to her boss and this was why her fingers were on the phone ready to call security.

"Are you leaving?" The lady asked and Kyle nodded with a smile.

"I'm sorry for my earlier behaviour, it was unlike me,"

Kyle apologized but the lady could tell he was fighting demons and she wanted no part in that battle.

Luckily for Kyle, this brief delay caused by the lady delayed him enough to meet with the therapist.

"Becky, that was my last appointment for the day?" The mature woman came into view.

Becky quickly turned her head to face her employer.

"Yes, that was the final appointment. The rest of your day is free," Becky reassured her superior.

Kyle noticed a trend and that was women having female assistants but this wasn't restricted to them because Nakamura had one as well.

Was it because women were more naturally submissive than men?

Kyle knew this didn't matter because anyone would act right if the pay was worth it.

Nate was an example of that but Kyle pushed all of these thoughts aside because this wasn't his priority as of the moment.

"Is there something I can help you with?" The lady questioned and judging from her appearance she was in her mid to late forties.

Kyle knew he had to give her the respect that not only came with her name but her age as well.

"Yes, as a matter of fact, you can. I have been here for a few hours already," Kyle informed her and she was surprised by this because she should have been told.

Becky avoided her angry gaze, looking to the ground.

"Is that so? I have to apologize but I do not think I have seen you here before," The lady responded, abruptly changing the topic.

"That is right, this is my first time but I need to see you, it is an emergency," Kyle informed her.

She read his body language and could tell he was going through something.

"I have no problem paying double your rates, I know I don't have an appointment but I'm willing to pay anything for an hour of your time. Just an hour, please," Kyle begged.

The woman could tell from his eyes that he was desperate.

"Becky, hold all appointments," The lady said before gesturing for Kyle to come in.

Kyle was visibly relieved by this and this was the first step in his healing journey.

The trauma he had endured in his life had to be sorted out at the root, there was no quick fix for something this damaging.

-

Calista checked the various posts popping up online, each one with a different rumour than the last but Lorenzo was an attractive man so on paper, they looked like the perfect couple because she was attractive as well.

"I guess it can't be helped," Calista muttered under her breath, defeated but she knew that this was good publicity for the film.

She could explain it to Kyle but something told her that he didn't care about what she did.

She realized that she knew too little about Kyle and decided to search for him on the internet.

The information provided was limited and Calista was shocked that she didn't know his last name.

Even in his bank transactions, it was just his name.

That was weird, that was very weird and it hit her at once.

Calista gave up on her search but the temptation to reach out to the lady that claimed to be his sister was high.

But Calista's conscience was eating away at her because she knew this was something Kyle would never do to her.

She owed him this much, he had helped her so much already.

She couldn't call him and opted to send a text message hoping for the best.

Calista's heart was pounding like crazy as she typed it, each word made her reconsider her action.

But she did the right thing, however, was it too little too late?

Kyle had already discovered the truth for himself so what difference would this confession make?

Would this be the single action that breaks their relationship?

That was to be seen but Calista now had a clear conscience, the freedom that came with it was refreshing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 218 - 218: Take Me Back To The Start. [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There was nothing stopping the rest of the world from moving on as it didn't revolve around Kyle and the people in his life.

One of such was Cleopatra, she had threatened Kyle but he called her bluff and he was right to because Cleopatra, in truth, had no such recording.

The body cams weren't allowed to be switched up in the house to begin with because there were certain things she couldn't afford getting leaked should the authorities go through it.

That was why they had surveillance but this could be altered or tampered with no one being wiser.

They couldn't, however, implant footage generated by AI or they would be found out so they simply cut out and stitched the rest of the video together while altering the time skip to match.

Cleopatra had all the money in the world, she couldn't finish it in a lifetime but the problem now was her sister had come into play.

This was something she hadn't anticipated because Ella had been cut off for so long so it made no sense for them to have a change of heart.

However, this also showed that Cleopatra respected her parents' wishes because there was nothing stopping her from viewing what was within the envelope and getting rid of it in the first place.

But the lawyer being aware of it could have something to do with why she didn't because this would result in a legal struggle that she couldn't afford to have now as it would damage her reputation.

Cleopatra already attempted to buy him but he wasn't starved of money and had other high-level clients so he was the lawyer at the top of the top use.

Cleopatra knew that there was a good chance that Ella would reject this, she had lived most of her life without it after all.

But there was enough to go round even if she wanted her share; however, Cleopatra knew the risk it served if she didn't have absolute control.

It would no doubt cause a divide but she was made to take over from their parents so she knew about the little loopholes.

Cleopatra needed a way to revoke her sister's claim but to do this, she had to make her relapse.

Cleopatra didn't hate Ella, she was indifferent but never truly saw her as a sister because she always assumed she was better.

This felt like her parents didn't trust her, years of grooming her to take over only to hand a piece of what she had worked for all her life to someone that went against them.

Cleopatra hopped into one of the multiple cars before her, Kyle was the key to making this happen.

And now that she knew he had a relationship with his sister and Jane, he was the bridge that needed to be burnt and leave both ladies stranded at either end of it.

This meant it was a lot easier to find him because she did that within a few hours.

The JPD Agency that he tried his best to hide, Cleopatra was aware that her sister had said something along this line in one of her multiple online posts.

It would make sense that Kyle had this kind of pull, the timing and everything aligned too perfectly.

Cleopatra knew that Kyle was wealthy and had dealings with Nakamura, this also helped her narrow down her conclusion.

There was only one reason for them to have that sort of relationship because Nakamura never kept anyone that he couldn't profit off of.

He was a leech, a clever one at that and this was why even she was careful around him because it took a man of great corny ability to reach where he did despite having the odds stacked against him.

She didn't call the JPD Agency even though Kyle wasn't the owner on paper but she understood this was something that Nakamura had done as well.

They both wanted a low profile but Nakamura had told her about this sometime ago when he tried to prove that he was worthy of doing business with.

Cleopatra wondered if he knew who she was, she wouldn't put it past him either.

One thing was clear, Cleopatra was about to make her move and the begging question was, would she succeed?

-

Isabella was busy on the desk, shocked by Kyle's raw talent because this was something she had been looking for yet it was possessed by her superior.

This was a tricky situation because she didn't know how to navigate considering he was the one with not only the money but now had the potential to be the breakthrough talent that would catapult the Agency to the top.

"He is the one," Isabella muttered but she knew having Kyle would mean she had to bend the policy she had on actresses only as this would open the door for male actors to get through the day.

Isabella knew that Kyle was someone that liked his privacy because only a few people were aware that he was the owner of this place.

The others assumed it was her and only when an urgent partnership presented itself like in the case of Nakamura would Kyle reveal himself.

However, Isabella was a better visual representation of the Agency, this was evident with Yuki mistaking Kyle for a messenger when they first met.

Carly knocked on the door before entering the office, she noticed Isabella was lost in her head.

"Um…" Carly began and this was enough to ground Isabella in the reality in which she existed.

"Carly! Damn it, don't you knock?" Isabella asked as she quickly adjusted herself.

"I did but the voice in my head told me to come in, I thought that was you," Carly responded.

Isabella just stared at her blankly, she didn't know what else to say after hearing that but this was why she employed Carly.

She was lively and made this job far less boring as opposed to those that weren't expressive, only acting as robots that do everything they are told.

Isabella noticed something in her hand.

"What is that?" Isabella asked with a suspicious look but Carly's face lit up.

"We might have our first big client!" Carly responded right away before rushing to the table where Isabella was seated.

She laid htm on the table with a bang and Isabella recoiled because it has been a long time since she saw Caly this pumped up.

Isabella cautiously went through the paper and her face went from neutral to excitement.

"What? This can't be real…" Isabella muttered under her breath but the paper in her hand said otherwise.

"It is! It is! It is!" Carly was happier than Isabella despite her just being an employee as opposed to Isabella, who had a dream. This would no doubt bring them closer to it because they had just been contacted by an Agency that was ranked among the top 10 in the United States to collaborate.

"I have to tell Kyle about this!" Isabella was ecstatic and the first big step to their dreams was right in front of them.

But ultimately, the final decision wasn't hers, it was Kyle.

-

Kyle put his phone on DND, people not being able to reach him for an hour wouldn't be the end of the world, they would all be fine.

But Kyle noticed that Jones never got back to him regarding the gifts he got for him but he didn't give this too much thought.

He was probably exhausted from all the sex he must have gotten from Aiysha and right now, his focus was on his mental health.

Kyle had no idea what lay in his subconscious but he needed to unearth every single memory he had repressed because the brain had a way of distorting reality and presenting a false one to protect itself.

Kyle couldn't help but feel that was what he was going through.

The system wasn't all good because it was showing it was double-edged in the gifts it gave.

"Mister Kyle, is that correct?" The lady asked with a clipboard in hand to take down notes.

"Yes," Kyle responded, playing with his fingers as his nerves were getting the best of him.

"I'm Doctor Susanna and I will be asking a few questions which I want you to answer with as much detail as possible. Can you do that for me?" Suanna's voice was calm and gentle.

It had a soothing effect that allowed Kyle to drop his guard, Kyle had no idea what was going on in his mind but running away from it was something he could no longer afford.

"Okay," Kyle responded but his hands began to tremble once again.

Susanna noticed this but didn't comment because she had seen this symptom in most of her patients.

"Take me back to the beginning," Susanna requested and Kyle closed his eyes before taking a deep breath to calm his raging thoughts.

"Alright,"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 219 - 219: Therapy Begins! [FIXED 1/2/25!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There was a time in Kyle's life when all he wanted was love, he wanted to be normal but life had other plans for him.

It started right from his birth, Kyle always felt like there was something wrong with him, a feeling he couldn't shake because no matter how hard he tried, he felt like a broken vessel.

The first moment he took his breath, his mother didn't feel happiness or relief, she felt disgust.

She couldn't believe that he looked a lot more like his father despite spending 9 months in her womb.

It was unfair and this was how Kyle had unknowingly inherited his mother's rage.

Kyle was never an expressive child, all he ever wanted was to gain his mother's approval.

He wondered if being harmed by her was her way of loving him, which in turn gave him a distorted perception of love.

But were his memories accurate? Kyle wasn't sure because most of the things he recalled, he didn't remember them happening.

It felt wrong, it felt false, and he didn't have his Total Recall either to help him navigate through this.

It has been proven that people's memories are the least reliable source of information because they can only process that information through a single lens.

"Mama, look what I made!" A five-year-old boy, dawned in dirty clothing said to his mother, looking up at her with hopeful expectations.

The mother had a bottle of liquor right in front of her and didn't pay him much attention, Kyle got up to his feet and walked towards her.

He had a bright smile on his face because he made it for her and only when he was a few feet from her did she acknowledge his presence.

"Oh… You are still here," The mother said in a dismissive tone but she looked at the piece of paper he held up.

"What is that?" His mother questioned.

"That is me, you, and papa!" Kyle was filled with excitement but the look on his mother's face contorted into something he couldn't recognize.

"What did you just say?" His mother was infuriated but Kyle noticed this right away however he didn't back up.

"It is me, you and pa-!" Before Kyle could finish his sentence, a shattering bottle echoed.

His mother had thrown it across the room in a fit of rage but the truth was, she narrowly missed her target. And that target was Kyle.

This was due to the alcohol in her system but Kyle had a wide smile on his face after his mother reacted this way.

"She liked it!" Kyle thought to himself, violence was his form of love and the more violent the reaction, the more he thought she liked it.

Kyle always kept to himself so he didn't have much experience of the outside world but this also included friends.

He didn't have an idea of how dysfunctional his family was because, despite his mother's rage, she still looked after him or rather, forced him to learn to look after himself.

A survival skill that he was grateful for.

But it was impossible for a child that age not to have a single relationship outside of his home and this was how Kyle began to interact with a much older man.

This man was well in his thirties but he was a bum, he was the definition of bad life choices.

However, this man was the man who taught Kyle how to survive and during that time, Kyle was exposed to some violent things that no one should see, more so his age.

But it was fine because this was "love" and this further shaped his mind.

However, it all changed one day…

Wait? What changed?

-

Kyle was brought back to reality after his brain became scrambled, he couldn't recall what happened next which was strange.

It was like there was a lapse in his memory and Susanna instantly knew whatever happened next must have been traumatic enough for him to suppress it.

This was good progress and Kyle appreciated the look in her eyes, it wasn't one of pity.

Kyle hated being pitied because this was a story he told not to get sympathy but to be understood.

"I have taken something away from your story. You hold no remorse for your mother and you barely mentioned your father in it," Susanna pointed out, writing something in her note.

"And this man that raised yo-!" Susanna was interrupted by Kyle.

"He didn't raise me. He was just some homeless junkie on the road that would do anything to get his fix," Kyle corrected her.

"My mother raised me…" Kyle added.

Susanna noted this and realized that Kyle must have developed some form of Stockholm syndrome, which he had no control over.

"I see. Tell me more about him," Susanna knew she had to know just how much influence he had over him.

And how deep he managed to dig his claws into Kyle. At the beginning of the story, Susanna thought that his mother was the one who brought him here but saw something that Kyle, ironically, failed to see.

Kyle had only spoken highly about his mother showing his complicated feelings towards her but Susanna was aware that she couldn't trust the foundation he was laying. Kyle couldn't as well, that was why he was here for to help him connect the missing threads.

Whatever he did with this man was the reason why his memories were "false"

"I saw him at a bar before you say anything. No, I didn't go there to drink but to get something for my mother…" Kyle paused with a smile on his face.

"Do you know she used to call alcohol medicine? Kyle, help mommy to get her medicine," Kyle said but the fact that the bar sold drinks to a child showed just how lacking laws were wherever he lived.

"Did your mother ever meet your friend?" Susanno asked, bringing his mother into the conversation because Kyle seemed fixated on her.

Susanna knew the most effective way to get to the bottom of it would be to make him lower his guard.

"I don't think they did… No, I can't remember," Kyle looked lost, trying his hardest to answer this question.

"You presented this man as an insignificant part of your story but you only began to repress your memories after you met him," Susanna pointed out.

Kyle could see where she was coming from because it was true that he did that.

"You're right," Kyle admitted, not knowing what else to say because he needed help.

To get help, he needed to be honest.

"Did he make you do anything you didn't want to do?" Susanna asked but once again, Kyle had no answer for this.

"No… Or at least I don't think so," Kyle responded.

"Kyle, what kind of things did the man make you witness," Susanna asked and this was where Kyle's face had a tinge of worry.

"Whatever I say here is confidential, right?" Kyle made sure this was the case and Susanna nodded gently.

"I know he robbed and beat up people but as I grew up, I realized he did a lot worse," Kyle confessed but this was proof that he was oblivious to most things going on around him at the time making him innocent by default.

Susanna knew what he meant without him having to elaborate but she was curious why Kyle used past tense to describe his mom.

That could only mean one thing, she had died but did this man have anything to do with it?

Is that why Kyle can't recall his influence in his life?

Susanna knew this was an assumption on her end but it would make sense.

From what she had heard, Kyle's mother was neglectful but if Kyle survived until that age, she must have been taking care of him to make sure he didn't die when it would have been a lot easier to abandon him.

"Kyle, what happened to your mother? Can you tell me?" Susanna asked and Kyle caught on to what she was implying due to the series of questions.

"She killed herself," Kyle responded but there was no feeling in his voice.

That was to be expected as he had years to get over it so the reaction to his mother's suicide wouldn't be a big deal.

"I see and did the autopsy confirm that?" Susanna asked, looking at Kyle but once again, there was no judgement.

"Autopsy? We were poor, who cares if we die," Kyle said with a mocking chuckle at the end of the sentence.

However, this confirmed that Kyle had no way of knowing if this was a suicide and the reason his mind had such huge gaps was because the truth might be directly linked to him.

"Love is violence," This was something he had said on multiple occasions so how would he show his mother he loved her?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 220 - 220: Kyle Unravels. [FIXED 6/2/25!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There was no one who knew what Kyle was going through except Cassandra, she had a rough idea of what Kyle was going through but now she couldn't stop thinking about him.

That single event made it impossible to get him out of her mind and this also meant that it increased her emotional attachment to him.

That was how feeling worked, you could have a random dream about someone you never truly noticed in your daily life and that dream would serve as the catalyst for interest.

Once the mind fixates on something, there is no way to escape it.

"There is something off about Kyle," Cassandra thought to herself but it was beginning to show that Kyle's actions were affecting his various relationships in different ways.

All the women in his life had attained a level of curiosity but this was normal when it came to a potential mate.

Cassandra knew that Kyle was rich but knew nothing about him except what he had told her.

She also wondered if he was in a dangerous line of work because the way he casually announced that he was stabbed was strange.

It was almost like it was a normal occurrence and for her son's safety, she needed to know what kind of man she was letting in her life.

Even though the benefits that came with it were something she couldn't live without.

She would have lost the case long ago if Kyle hadn't intervened and was aware that this was her mind-spirited.

Her thoughts, in no way, shaped reality and she knew this much but there was nothing she had asked Kyle that he didn't answer.

She simply hasn't been asking the right questions but that was about to change.

Cassandra was focused on the case but Justin was at her door, knocking even though she had no intention of opening the door for him because she was aware that he was up to no good.

Cassandra knew she had enough money to get a new house but she wanted this case to be over before making any drastic decision.

If she got full custody, she planned to disappear without a trace and make it impossible for Justin ever to find her.

Suddenly, the knocking stopped and this went on for a couple of minutes.

"Has he gone?" Cassandra was hopeful and decided to confirm if this was the case.

She peeped through the window and there was no sign of her ex-husband.

Cassandra knew she had to be careful because Justin could get a little crazy if he didn't get what he wanted.

But his face suddenly popped up right in front of the window, startling Cassandra.

"Cassey… Please…" Justin pleaded and Cassandra could see the desperation in his eyes.

But that soft spot she had for him that he had exploited throughout their marriage was gone.

All she felt was disgust looking at him right now, wondering what it was she found attractive about this man in front of her.

"Get out, Justin," Cassandra and she could tell that Justin was shocked by the words coming out of her mouth.

It wasn't laced with anger, it was soft spoken but it was her eyes, those were the most telling signs.

There were no emotions behind them and Justin smiled to himself, he didn't know if he should be proud of her for breaking the shackles he had around her or feel sad that he could no longer exploit her.

"Is this the end, Cassey?" Justin asked but hearing him calling her made her recoil.

"Don't call me that… Don't ever call me that again," Cassandra responded before shutting the blinds.

A smile crept up on her face because she had regained the power she lost during her time with him.

-

Kyle was done with his therapy session and only then realised how much he needed it.

He felt vulnerable, Kyle didn't like it because of his memories.

That woman made him doubt them with her subtle body language change but there was one thing she didn't do and that was make him feel judged.

Paying a stranger to listen to his problems felt weird, how lonely was such a life especially when he had people that would gladly do it for free.

But it wasn't their job to be his emotional tampon and that was why people like these existed in the first place.

People always make that mistake and this creates pressure in their relationships because it forces people to show up in ways they aren't capable of.

The last thing Kyle needed was to feel like a liability and Susanna made sure this was the case.

Kyle was on his way home as he needed to enjoy his newfound freedom.

Jane was out of the house so he had it all to himself, cohabitation was a difficult thing and Kyle liked Jane's presence but needed that alone time to clear his head.

This was something he couldn't do as long as she remained in his home.

Kyle arrived at his house shortly, he wondered if Nate was able to convince the woman to join their cause.

There was only so much an OF model could do once it was out there in the world.

It would always come back to bite them in the ass as this would put them at a disadvantage when job hunting in the everyday world.

Background checks were one of those things that became a requirement overtime especially if the place of work was anywhere respectable.

Kyle heaved a sigh of relief and arrived at his place in no time.

He wondered if Jones was alright because it was unusual for him to be quiet for this long.

He hadn't even thanked him and knowing Jones, there was a low chance he had forgotten.

However, Kyle didn't need to wait long because he saw Jones leaving the building just as he pulled up.

Jones' head was buried in his phone so he didn't see Kyle.

Kyle walked up to Jones before he could get into his car and whispered.

"You're welcome,"

This startled the older man and Jones nearly stumbling was proof of this.

Kyle reached to catch him so he wouldn't hurt himself.

"Don't touch me!" Jones barked at him but Kyle couldn't tell if he was messing around or not.

"Are you okay? It is me," Kyle told him wondering if Jones didn't get a good look at him but with a single look into his eyes, he could see Jones' anger directed at him.

Kyle knew there was only one thing that could get a man like this.

"I see. She told him," Kyle said with a hidden smile on his face because this single act showed that there was not only hope for Jones' marriage but that Aiysha was truly a good woman.

"You're disgusting, Kyle," Jones blurted out but for some reason, Kyle wasn't offended because Jones spoke the truth.

"Ha! No lies there but it isn't what it looks like," Kyle confessed.

There were multiple times where he could have taken advantage of Aiysha but kept himself in check because of the respect he had for Jones.

And it was ironic that Jones was reacting this way considering he was the one that cheated in this marriage. Not that Kyle was judging as he knew the circumstance of their marriage, it wasn't based on love but a lack of option on Jones' part.

"You find that funny!?" Jones barked but Kyle remained calm.

This reaction was valid but this was the first time he had seen Jones get out of character.

It was like his mask had dropped and Kyle got a closer glimpse at a side of him he kept under wraps.

"Your anger is justified, I did cross a line and I would be lying if I said I didn't have a dirty thought or two…" Kyle confessed but Jones could tell this man didn't regret his actions.

"However, I did not act on those thoughts…" Kyle clarified.

"What the fuck is wrong with you man? THAT'S MY FUCKING WIFE!" Jones barked at Kyle.

"... And she still is," Kyle responded.

Jones didn't know how to feel about this and before he knew it, his fist found Kyle's jaw.

The punch packed enough force to send Kyle tumbling to the ground.

Jones instantly regretted his action, looking at his fist in disbelief as the people around began to take note of the commotion.

He expected Kyle to retaliate but all Kyle did was smile at him.

"That was a nice punch…" Kyle's tone was indifferent but Jones knew the punch might have been too much however he wasn't thinking straight.

Jones hopped in his car and drove off, leaving Kyle to pick himself off the ground.

Kyle didn't look particularly worried like he expected this to happen.

He just stared blankly at the faraway car.

"Love is violent, huh?" Kyle muttered under his breath with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 221 - 221: Go Back To The Beginning [FIXED 8/2/25!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was unravelling. It was unknown if his repressed memories were the one thing keeping him sane, but it was clear that they had an impact on him.

Kyle accepted his fate, Jones had every right to react as he did.

Kyle noticed all eyes were on him, looking at him like he was some victim but Kyle didn't care much about the attention he was getting.

He walked past them and into the building like nothing had happened.

But Jones' punch had split his lips open and Kyle could taste his blood.

The truth was, Aiysha never rejected him because he didn't make a move on her.

However, he wasn't going to let Jones know.

The fact that Aiysha told him was good enough for Kyle.

Kyle took it into his own hands to test her after Jones had shown concerns of his wife cheating and this was why he went from avoiding her.

Kyle realized that now was the best time to leave this building. He should have done that long ago because if he did he wouldn't be in this situation.

Kyle walked back to his apartment but the moment he reached the doorsteps of Jones.

He contemplated confronting Aiysha but she did nothing wrong. If anything, she had earned his respect but Kyle knew this gave Jones the security in his marriage that he was looking for.

If Aiysha could reject a handsome billionaire like himself the Jones had nothing to worry about.

In Kyle's twisted mind, he was helping out a friend and his job was done.

Kyle walked into his apartment and collapsed on his bed.

The mental strain on his mind was something that he didn't anticipate because Kyle had doubts about everything that occurred.

He realized that there was something he wasn't seeing but this couldn't deter him from his goals.

"Hey system, is it possible for you to help me retrieve lost memories?" Kyle questioned but his request fell on deaf ears.

That would be a miracle if it did as it would cure all of his problems and he might not need the therapy but the system had no form of individuality.

It couldn't answer questions either so it wasn't useful when it came to information as it had a fixed set of responses.

Kyle hated this and what Susanna was insinuating was something he never entertained until now.

If he couldn't recall the role that man played in his life or why he repressed memories related to him, he couldn't trust the circumstances of his mother's murder.

"I have to go back…" Kyle muttered under his breath. He had to revisit his past.

He couldn't sleep and quickly got up from his bed. Kyle knew it would be foolish to drive his car in that neighbourhood as he would be robbed in a matter of minutes.

If anything, the place had gotten worse over the years but everything began with Clarence.

The moment Kyle killed him, there was something violent in him that was trying its best to get to the surface.

Kyle hopped back outside but while outside, he ran into Aiysha.

She couldn't even look him in the eyes because she was aware of their scuffle.

Of course she was, she watched it through the window but Kyle didn't mind it.

They probably thought that Kyle would cut the renovation funding and partnership he had with them but that was something that Kyle had no intention of doing.

All Jones did was defend his marriage like a man should do and Kyle didn't hold that against him.

Kyle, however, knew it was time to end whatever relationship he had with his wife and if need be, with Jones.

Kyle walked past her without saying a word but his body language was mostly unchanged, showing he wasn't affected by the situation.

Kyle needed some fresh air and knew that the chemistry with the only man he could call a friend had changed in the blink of an eye.

-

Calista was scheming and plotting, she noticed Ella's missed call earlier but there was no urgency to return it.

Ella wasn't at the top of her friend list and while she grew to tolerate Ella, it didn't mean they were by any means close.

Ella was a means to an end and Calista sensed that Kyle was catching on so she couldn't do as she pleased or there would be repercussions.

But she wanted to meet this lady called Jane, she wanted to know the woman who had Kyle in a chokehold and why Ella kept referring to her as his girlfriend.

But before her thought could go any, the idle phone in her hand rang. It was Kyle.

Calista quickly cleared her throat before answering with a hopeful voice, a call telling her to come to him.

"Hi Kyle…" Calista was the one that began the conversation but there was no response for a couple of seconds.

"...Kyle?" She repeated his name, hoping for an answer and it soon came.

[[Hey you…]] Kyle's voice was as gentle as she remembered, she didn't know when a smile crept up on her face.

"Hey stranger," Calista responded, kicking her feet up and she loved that Kyle made her feel like a high school girl in love.

[[Calista, I have something to talk to you about.]] Kyle said.

"You have my attention, what do you want to talk about and wouldn't you rather do it in person?" Calista asked, trying to kill two birds with one stone.

[[We barely do any talking when we are together, you know this…]] Kyle teased and Calista blushed.

"Hehehe! You're right. Talk to me baby, I'm all ears," Calista gave him her full attention but that was to be expected.

[[Why didn't you tell me?]] Kyle asked and her demeanour immediately changed with the smile on her face slowly fading.

"What do you mean?" Calista asked, the fear apparent on her face.

[[You met up with her, didn't you? Why did you lie to my face?]] Kyle asked right away but this was Kyle having enough.

He was ready to self-sabotage, he didn't care if she stayed or not but this would make Calista try her hardest to make it up to him to prove she was trustworthy further shackling her to him.

"I-I can explain," Calista said, stuttering.

[[Can you? I cannot trust you, Calista…]] Kyle was straightforward but Calista knew that Kyle was a man that wouldn't tolerate nonsense.

She had to come clean or risk being cut off. Calista took a deep breath and realized she had no choice in this situation.

"There is nothing I can say to justify my action. I did go behind your back to get information and I'm sorry I didn't tell you but I had to make sure," Calista pleaded.

She didn't try to deflect because she knew that her intentions weren't in Kyle's best interest.

But Kyle didn't say another word and that was the end of the conversation because he hung up.

Calista was scared and began to call him but his phone wasn't going through.

"What have I done?" Calista thought.

This wasn't worth it and she realized that Kyle had every right to react this way and the ridiculous part of all of this was she planned to tell him.

But this also meant that the woman must have either informed Kyle or Kyle had eyes on her.

-

Kyle was disgusted by Calista's behaviour and had to let her know because there was no justification for this but this was the last thing on his mind.

He did this so Calista would be reminded how fragile her role was in his life.

Kyle didn't care much about her act as he had little to no expectations of her from the start.

If this was done by Jane, his reaction would have been a lot different because Kyle trusted Jane.

He was in a cab already when he made that call and the cab driver was eavesdropping.

"Woman trouble?" The driver asked but all Kyle did was smile at him.

"A happy woman is a happy relationship. Don't forget that," The man said and the only reason Kyle didn't nip it in the bud was because he was a lot older than he was.

You could say it was a sign of respect even though his advice was unsolicited. Kyle didn't care about whatever advice he had to give, he wasn't some child who needed knowledge imparted to him.

This was a common theme with elderly people but just because they were older, didn't mean they were better suited to face life.

But this was a stupid saying nonetheless, Kyle wasn't going to live a miserable life just to make the women in his life happy.

You only live once so why spend that single life miserable?

It didn't matter because there was only one thing on his mind right now.

"Can you please keep quiet?" These were words Kyle wanted to say but couldn't.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 222 - 222: WE ARE BACK!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was dropped off at his destination and he gave the man a tip with a good review because in as much as he didn't like the old man's company.

Kyle was aware that a man his age shouldn't be working but the fact that he was out here hustling at this age only showed how much he needed the money.

This was the sad reality of life, you didn't know anyone's situation and Kyle wasn't going to let his mood affect someone's source of income.

The moment he stepped out of the car, the stench that invaded his nostrils reminded him of death, it was filthy.

Kyle couldn't believe this place hadn't been torn down but that would be impossible because even if it was crime infested, it was still a place where people lived.

"Home, sweet home," Kyle muttered to himself, the fact that he had to walk a fair distance before he could enter this city was proof of its high crime rate.

Kyle also made sure not to wear anything flashy because it would be stripped away from him in no time but there was something that he noticed.

There were a lot more homeless people around, this also included children but they weren't just homeless but malnourished as well.

"What the hell is happening here?" Kyle thought to himself but before he could take another step. He felt a light tug on his trouser, Kyle looked down and saw a child with a bowl in hand.

"M-Money.." The child said but Kyle knew this tactic, they must have perceived he was new here but there are certain things that never change.

If Kyle was to give money, then a couple of people would trail him and rob him of everything else he might have.

Kyle sighed before taking out a $5 bill and handing it to the child. He knew all eyes were on him but he lived here before so he knew how to get out of these sorts of situations.

Kyle proceeded to get out a lot of coins before tossing it up in the air and he was swarmed in mere seconds but this allowed him to slip out of sight during the commotion.

Evading potential criminals that were just observing him from the shadows.

It wasn't much but Kyle knew that this was enough to get them through the next couple of days.

Kyle was in good physical condition so this meant that his little sprint didn't take the wind out of him.

But this meant that he had to take a little detour on the off-chance he was being followed.

Kyle hated this place but this was where he grew up and the place that held the secret in rediscovering who he was.

However, Kyle overestimated his ability because the place he remembered was in the past.

The 'safe' corners were no longer safe, this was a haven for criminals and Kyle had wandered right at the center.

"Oi…" A cold voice rang out behind him but Kyle wasn't scared even though he knew the chances he was standing in front of a killer was high.

"Empty your pockets you little shit!" The man barked and it was followed by a swift blow to the back of Kyle's head that sent him tumbling to the ground.

Kyle turned around and noticed this man was severely underweight but he could also see marks on his arms that indicated he was a junkie.

Kyle kicked him off easily because of the difference in weight class before punching him across the face.

He was only here for a couple of minutes and was already involved in a life-or-death situation.

But there was something that snapped in Kyle the moment his fist connected with this man's face.

All the stress and frustration that had accumulated was released onto this man, his hand pummeling away at his face.

Kyle remembered how powerless Clarence made him feel and he was no longer going to live that way but fortunately for Kyle, he came to it before he could kill the man.

Even though he had rearranged his facial structure, Kyle noticed his fist had a few bruises as well.

"Maybe coming here wasn't such a good idea," Kyle thought to himself, crouched over an unconscious bum covered in his blood.

-

Isabella welcomed the signing of a proficient talent because she knew this would boost their social media presence and online attention.

This person wasn't a newbie, far from it on the contrary so it was a bit strange why they were inquiring about the JPD Agency when they could easily get into any top Agency not only in America but around the entire world.

There had to be movement behind the scenes, there was no way that Kyle would set something this big into motion without informing her either.

Isabella was excited but cautious because the Agency they were about to go into dealing with was at the top.

And it was normal for the big dogs to consume the little dogs before they could become threats to them.

Isabella knew this could be a potential merger but she wanted to establish her Agency the way she wanted.

This would no doubt aid in that achievement because they had promised to not only relinquish operational rights to her but that all they needed was the name changed to reflect theirs.

This would set them up for a lifetime but money was something she noticed wasn't a problem for Kyle but his influence was limited.

Money could only get you so far in this industry but the fact that Kyle wasn't answering her calls made her wonder what he was doing.

This was time-sensitive but Kyle had trusted her to run it how she wanted, didn't that include this sort of thing?

"Boss, you have a guest," Carly informed Isabella but Isablla gestured to ask her who it was but judging from Carly's nonverbal reaction, she could tell that the person was within listening range.

But it must also mean that whoever was behind that door might be of importance and this was the only reason Isabella entertained them considering the looming deal.

This might be a representative and Isabella took a deep breath because she had to wear her professional face.

"Well, what are you waiting for? Let them in," Isabella made sure whoever standing at the back of the door could hear her.

However, the person who walked through that door was someone she couldn't have guessed, not in a million years.

"You are…!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 223 - 223: Destined Encounter Or...?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle got back up and his mind was clearer but soon realized he was more damaged than he thought.

Kyle knew how people's past always came back to hunt them once they hit the big screen and if he didn't uncover the secret about his past, someone else will.

This was what he couldn't risk because if there was something that could implicate him.

Kyle had to bury it, he looked at the broken man beneath and thought about calling an ambulance but they wouldn't come.

Kyle sighed, realizing he couldn't leave this man like this because he was the one responsible for this.

He was trying to survive even if it meant harming other people, this has always been how the world worked.

Survival of the fittest doesn't always have to be violent, it could be something as simple as social discrimination where the poor do not have the same opportunities as the rich.

There was so much wrong in this world but this was something that Kyle always knew.

He experienced this harsh reality at an age no one should have to.

Kyle leaned over the unconscious man and elevated his head with his ragged shirt, staining his hand in the process.

However, Kyle didn't care about this because, for some reason, he wanted to make sure this man was going to be okay.

He looked at the damage he did to his face, there was no way this man wouldn't need medical attention.

Kyle came here for a mission but he was occupied with something else, he didn't understand why this was happening but knew he couldn't beat everyone that attacked him or he would have a case on his hands.

Kyle's wound might have healed but he felt the scar throbbing, like his body was calling for something.

"Clarence… You bastard," Kyle muttered under his breath but heard footsteps soon after.

Kyle looked over his shoulder and assumed a defensive stance but what he saw made his heart drop.

It was the same child he had seen previously, the one he handed a note but Kyle noticed that she had bruises on her body she didn't have previously.

They must have tried to take the money from her. Of course, they did but Kyle noticed in her little clenched fist that she still had the dollar note he gave to her.

"DON'T HURT BIG BROTHER!" The girl screamed at the top of her lungs before blindly charging at Kyle.

If Kyle was a bad man, there was no way a child was saving this man before him if he did intend to harm him but Kyle realized that he might be the bad person in this story.

Kyle took a step away from him as the child acted as a barricade between her and her older brother.

The tears in her eyes showed Kyle that this child was scared, the way she trembled with every breath.

Kyle quickly placed his hands behind his back to hide his fists, he couldn't let her see it.

"I met him like this. You see that," Kyle pointed at the cloth that kept his head elevated.

The way he positioned his hand made it impossible to see his knuckles.

"I did that, your brother needs medical attention," Kyle's voice was soft and this was enough to convince the child that he wasn't a threat.

She lowered her hand that had a small knife in it and Kyle heaved a sigh of relief.

He needed to gain her trust because there was no way that he was going to use force to subdue her.

"Can you help?" The girl stuttered but Kyle shook his head.

"But doctors can," Kyle responded but the girl looked confused hearing this word.

"Doctors?" She asked with a confused look on her face like this word was alien.

Kyle knew she was illiterate but there are certain words that people knew regardless of their educational background.

"Yes, people that fix others," Kyle responded with a raised brow and the look on the girl's face changed, the excitement in her eyes telling a different story.

She ran to her brother, completely ignoring Kyle like she didn't just perceive him as a threat moments ago.

"You hear that, brother!" The girl was filled with excitement and Kyle remembered that she was a child, no more than 3-4 years old.

"You're going to be okay!" The girl said but the brother was unresponsive, this sight made Kyle feel guilty which was strange considering he hadn't felt much remorse throughout his life.

"Your brother is having a little nap," Kyle responded, trying his best to make her feel safe.

Kyle could have left but found himself rooted in place, he couldn't leave the man like this especially now that he confirmed he had a younger sister.

What were the chances of that happening? It was almost like the universe brought him here for this reason.

"Can the doctors fix Mama and Papa?" The kid asked but Kyle raised a brow in confusion.

"Your parents? Where are they?" Kyle asked.

"They are sleeping but big brother put them in the ground so they don't get cold," The girl said.

"I see…" Kyle responded. He had no intention of breaking her illusion but there was no doubt that their parents were dead.

"What is your name?" Kyle asked the child which prompted her to turn around.

"Jasmine," The kid responded and Kyle knew that he would have to introduce himself as well to break any sort of ice.

"I'm Kyle, nice to meet you, Jasmine," Kyle greeted her with a smile to which the kid returned.

There was nothing to be done at this point because Kyle still planned to return to his 'home' but he couldn't carry this man with him so what was the next course of action?

"Jasmine, I will need you to stay with your brother until I return, can you do that?" Kyle asked and Jasmine nodded.

"Are you going to bring the doctors?" The clueless child asked.

"Yes, I am," Kyle responded but did he truly have any intention of coming back?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 224 - 224: 911!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Priscilla had her suspicions about Kyle and didn't know where he spawned from but she knew he had an ulterior motive for trying his hardest to get into their good graces.

This wasn't normal but her partner Oliver thought otherwise.

Kyle was showing his gratitude to the police force, this wasn't the first time they would receive such a gesture.

Priscilla already knew that Oliver saw things a lot more differently than she did but he also served as her anchor.

"You overthink," Oliver told Priscilla.

"I don't think that's the case but there is something strange about him," Priscilla said.

She was sitting right in front of him and, as usual, Oliver was stuffing his face with food.

"Maybe you like him?" Oliver tried to goad her but she didn't give him a reaction.

"Oliver, are you not too old for such jokes?" Priscilla responded without her facial expression changing for even a second.

"You're so uptight," Oliver responded before taking a bite out of his doughnut.

"He just needed your help and didn't act like you had nothing to gain from this," Oliver pointed out, his voice changing to show his seriousness.

"You aren't wrong," Priscilla admitted because she was self-aware, she didn't fool herself with delusions.

"But if you feel something is wrong, I guess it is worth looking into," Oliver pointed out.

All jokes aside, there was no reason for Oliver to dismiss her completely because he was aware that Priscilla had an eye for such things.

Oliver was going to look into it but he was also surprised that Priscilla could work with anyone.

She was a pain in the ass that took her job far too seriously, this was the only thing she had going in her life.

"We should probably hit the road," Oliver spoke but realized he was the only one still eating.

Priscilla was done with her salad a long time ago but Oliver appreciated the fact that she didn't try to hurry him up.

They rounded up and left the place, hopping into their new car but soon after, Priscilla's phone rang.

This was happening a lot more frequently ever since Kyle came into her life, she had no friends so she wasn't expecting any calls.

She already knew who it was without her even looking at the phone.

"Your boyfriend is calling," Oliver teased but once again, Priscilla didn't react to this tease.

She remained stoic but she wasn't going to leave Kyle hanging because it could be related to the case they were working on.

Fortunately for her, it was Oliver on the wheels, he was their designated driver.

Priscilla put it on loudspeaker because she wanted Oliver to be aware of the situation.

He was her partner and thus, there was no point in hiding anything from him.

[[Priscilla! I need an ambulance right now! I have no idea if it is possible but I will cover whatever fees they will require!]] Kyle was freaking out.

Oliver looked concerned but Priscilla looked indifferent more or less.

"Where are you?" Priscilla remained calm because Kyle was stressed by the situation.

Kyle proceeded to give her the location but what the hell was he doing here?

This place was not only renowned for its high crime rate but Priscilla wasn't the only one that shared this look.

Oliver was visibly surprised as well, looking right at Priscilla.

They knew that no ambulance would come there because the ambulances themselves would be put in danger.

It would be stripped and sold for parts, and the medicine and equipment within would be abused as well.

"We are going, aren't we?" Oliver asked the moment the call came to an end.

"We need to call it in," Priscilla said, tucking her phone away.

Oliver expected her to be more concerned because Kyle did mention a child in all of this.

The fact that she was technically closer to Kyle than he was, he hoped that would have softened her up.

"There is a child involved!" Oliver barked but all Priscilla did was sigh.

"Children die every day, Oliver. Do you try to save everyone?" Priscilla asked in a dismissive tone.

Oliver forgot who he was talking to, Priscilla was all logical and used little emotions when making these decisions but that was why she was such a great cop.

She knew when to make the right calls and Oliver knew empathy could be considered a weakness in some cases.

There is a reason rules exist, it is to combat decisions that would otherwise be made based on empathy.

"There is nothing we can do. If we go in alone and get ambushed, what happens then? Are you so eager to make your wife a widow?" Priscilla asked and once again, she made a good point.

"You know what? I refuse," Oliver responded and fortunately for him, he knew where Kyle was.

He was the one driving as well so he had control over the decision he was about to make.

Oliver steered the car in the opposite direction before flicking on his siren.

"What are you doing?" Priscilla asked in an indifferent tone.

"The reason I became a police officer… I'm going to save a life," Oliver responded but Priscilla didn't oppose this.

All she did was redirect her eyes on the road without saying a word because Oliver wasn't her underling but her partner.

He had every right to make a decision she opposed but she would still have his back as he has had hers since they became partners.

"Fine," Priscilla responded before taking out her phone to inform Kyle that they were on their way even though he asked for an ambulance.

The injuries the man suffered were a few broken bones and fractures but was the beating severe enough to cause brain damage?

That was to be seen but Kyle had done all he could in this situation and had to leave it up to the professionals even though he now understood he had to brush up on his medical knowledge.

It would be a lot easier to do with Total Recall.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 225 - 225: Nakamura's Manipulation.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Isabella was entertaining someone she had no business entertaining because this woman was no other than Nakamura.

"This place is a lot smaller than I thought it would be," Nakamura said and Isabella's excitement evaporated because this man had dealings with Kyle so why was he here?

She wondered if he came here looking for him but there was no way someone as important as him would make that kind of mistake to begin with.

"Mr. Nakamura, what can I help you with?" Isabella asked and this surprised Nakamura.

"You know who I am?" Nakamura asked, to which Isabella nodded. Kyle then briefed her about everything regarding his business with this man.

Nakamura eyed her from head to toe, Isabella looked like a powerful woman and Nakamura thought about what would make a powerful-looking woman submit to him.

However, Yuki soon came into view, this was the first time they were meeting and with how enticing Isabella looked.

It was a shame she wasn't the one that came to meet him but why was he here was the big question.

"Of course I do, Mr. Nakamura. I make it my business to know who works with us," Isabella responded sternly with a smile on her face.

Nakamura didn't give her a verbal response either way because Yuki took over the conversation on his behalf.

"I'm Yuki, the assistant of Mr. Nakamura and I will be speaking in his stead," Yuki said and Isabelle couldn't object.

She wondered if she should call Kyle but this was something that she could handle.

"That is fine by me. Please, state your business," Isabella responded, looking right at her.

"Mr. Nakamura wishes to get a list of your most prominent talents," Yuki said but this was something that could be done over the phone.

There was no reason for them to come all the way here considering how busy he was running Distort.

Isabella had a brief look of confusion plastered across her face before it was replaced with a smile.

"A list?" Isabella asked because she understood there had to be a reason they came to her and not ask Kyle.

"That is correct. As you know, Mr. Nakamura has an ongoing contract with this Agency and Mr. Nakamura would like to see the list of talents under your Agency as screening for his next movie has already begun," Yuki responded.

It was weird that Nakamura was staring at her or would it be more accurate to say he was checking her out?

Isabella was an elegant woman with class that made the every day woman look like maids.

She had that mature beauty that was described in books.

He didn't say a word and it felt a tad bit strange because there was no reason for him to be here if he wasn't going to say anything.

"I will have to compile it and filter them out," Isabella said right away but this wasn't a good enough answer.

"Mr Nakamura would like to do that himself, he wants everything," Yuki wasn't bulging, she was standing her ground.

"I'm sorry but I have to follow protocol," Isabella stood her ground as well but Nakamura sighed loudly as this was taking too long.

"Do you plan to merge?" Nakamura finally spoke but revealed he knew about the proposed merger which shouldn't be possible.

Isabella tried to maintain her composure but this surprised her.

"How do you know about that?" Isabella asked but Nakamura had ears and eyes everywhere.

This was how he was able to make the most out of every situation he had been in.

Be it leveraging his position or manipulating it to his advantage.

"I know things I shouldn't, Miss Isabella," Nakamura said before gesturing for Yuki to leave them both alone.

Yuki didn't hesitate and left the area without thinking twice, she was like an android that operated based on her master's command.

"Now that we are alone, I just wanted to confirm this merger would not compromise our existing agreement," Nakamura said and Isabella realized the reason why he came here in person was to judge how she reacted.

Certain conversations were best had in person so you could get a direct feel of the other person's energy.

Nakamura was a seasoned businessman and liked to have these types of interactions face-to-face because people could lie a lot easier over the phone but it was a different case when it was in person.

He thought that Isabella was the original owner of this place before meeting Kyle after the meeting but she was just the face.

However, there was no way that this woman here didn't hold any power but Nakamura wasn't looking to intimidate her.

"The merger? I'm sorry but I cannot discuss that," Isabella responded.

"I didn't ask about the merger, I asked about how it would affect our deal?" Nakamura said, his voice was as soft as silk.

"Unfortunately, I cannot give you a definite response until we make a decision," Isabella stood her ground.

"She's not intimidated?" Nakamura thought to himself with a satisfied smile.

"That is fine but don't you think it is strange that this came right around the time this Agency was about to make a name for itself?" Nakamura began his true motive and planted this into her head.

"The strong will always devour the weak before they become a threat," Nakamura said out of the blue like an ancient monk bestowing knowledge onto his disciple.

This might look like a blessing but Nakamura knew more than anyone that it wasn't, they were simply eliminating competition because Distort involvement with them had been revealed.

And at the pace at which JPD rose in the rankings, there was no doubt it was only a matter of time before it grew into something bigger than them.

However, this was the conclusion of their little meeting, it took a little over twenty minutes and this confirmed Isabella's suspicion.

This was going to be the most important decision she would have to make.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 226 - 226: Is This My... Home?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle left them in that area after he got confirmation that Priscilla and Oliver were on their way.

But there was something strange, Kyle couldn't remember where his house stood.

No, that wasn't right, the houses here looked very different from what he remembered.

Kyle saw a passerby and stopped her in her tracks. This lady was covered in tattoos from head-to-toe but Kyle didn't judge by this.

What he judged her by was the fact that she was living in a crappy place such as this.

The lady looked at Kyle from head to toe like he was lost.

The way he looked, the way he carried himself, this man didn't live here.

"Are you lost bud?" The lady asked with a raised brow.

"Unfortunately, no," Kyle responded but the lady wasn't having it.

There was no reason for someone who looked as good as him to be here unless he was looking for some good stuff.

"Alright, I can fix you up real quick but it is going to cost you," The lady said but Kyle knew that if he turned her down, she could assume he was a police officer or potentially lead him into a trap.

"Hahaha! I'm not looking for that and I lived here once upon a time but I got out," Kyle said.

"You got out? No one gets out of here, bud," The lady was quick to rubbish his claim.

But Kyle's facial expression changed in an instant prompting the lady to take a step back because she felt threatened.

"You will be wise not to judge a book by its cover…" Kyle warned her in a blood-curdling voice.

"W-Woah! Take it easy bud!" The lady didn't want any trouble but Kyle needed her help nonetheless.

"Is this XXX-XXX-XXX Street?" Kyle asked to which the woman nodded.

"That can't be right, the houses don't look the same," Kyle said under his breath but the woman heard him.

"They have been the same for years. The same shitty foundation but no one lives in this neighbourhood anymore or at least not anyone fucking sane," The lady informed Kyle.

This worried Kyle because how could he have imagined his childhood home differently?

That shouldn't be possible but if these houses have been the same then there was no way that someone had changed the structure of every house in this neighborhood.

This further proved how unreliable his memory was and how most of the things he thought he knew were proving to be false.

"Unless you were begging to be killed," The lady added but this caught Kyle's ear.

"Killed? What do you mean killed?" Kyle asked.

"Do you believe in rumours?" The lady was talkative like she had been waiting for someone to tell this story all her life.

"They exist for a reason, right?" Kyle responded but he began to notice that there was no one around.

This place was deserted so how did he run into this woman? Did she follow him into somewhere secluded?

Kyle realized he had dropped his guard and this woman might very well be an enemy.

"A serial killer, the man that drank the blood of his victims," The lady said but Kyle rolled his eyes at this nonsense.

"A serial killer?" Kyle repeated with a head shake trying his best not to laugh at this ridiculousness.

"That is right…" The lady repeated but Kyle noticed from her face that she was dead serious but she also stated that no one sane lived in this area.

"Tell me, do you happen to stay here?" Kyle asked.

"How did you know!?" The lady asked, looking at Kyle like he had read her mind.

"Just a hunch but tell me more," Kyle knew he had nothing to lose and if he couldn't trust his memories then he had to trust the memories of others.

There was a chance that he remembered it wrongly, he was a child so this was normal but Kyle felt lost.

Kyle felt like his life was a product of his imagination, he had no idea how to stand by what he knew.

"He was a man that had no form, some called him a monster but it is unknown what he truly was, we know for a fact that he was responsible for a series of murders that occurred a few years back," The lady said but that was absurd.

Of course, he was a man, this wasn't some supernatural world where angels and demons existed.

However, this place was also far from crime-free and there were murders here frequently.

Be it rape, be it a crime, or be it just murder, it was a common occurrence.

So why did she sum it up to some serial killer even though this would be the perfect place for one to operate?

"Is that all?" Kyle asked, partly disappointed by this absurdity but he expected a better ending.

"Or are you just stalling for your friends to make their move?" Kyle asked and the woman's eyes widened.

"You can see them too!?" She questioned but Kyle was taking a guess, this was him taking a guess but this woman was mentally unstable.

"Um…" Kyle muttered under his breath but he had gotten confirmation that there was no one here so that meant he could go into the house.

The building might be different but there was no doubt that this was the street and the road that led to his home.

Kyle left the crazy woman there and walked into his house, the moment he stepped in, he was hit with an overwhelming stench that nearly made him throw up everything left in his stomach.

The house was empty but some things reminded him of that time.

The cracked ceiling remained the same hole that always made water leak through the door of the house every rainy season.

They always kept a bucket beneath but the hole was a lot bigger now and Kyle realized that this was no doubt the house he grew up in.

He couldn't contain the emotions building up inside him and in the blink of an eye, tears began to stream down his cheeks.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 227 - 227: Bittersweet.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle wept at the life that he never knew, he cried because he knew that his childhood was stolen from him.

He quickly wiped his tears and began to move around in the house, the creaking floor showed how much it had aged.

It felt like it was going to cave in at any moment, but this was its usual state.

Kyle didn't know how it was still standing but it was a lot sturdier than it gave it credit for and he found himself standing in the room that once belonged to his mother.

"Mama…" Kyle found himself saying before clamping his mouth shut, not understanding why he muttered that word.

It had been years since he left this house yet it looked the same despite signs of it looking like someone had lived.

"My home… It feels strange being here again," Kyle muttered to himself, running his fingers along the walls.

Kyle noticed that there was something on the floor but unlike everything covered in dust, this was something a lot different because it didn't share the same fate as the rest of the objects within the house.

"That is weird," Kyle said before crouching to inspect the object, it was a piece of metal but that was it, an underwhelming find but could it be that someone broke into the house with this item and disposed of it the moment they discovered this place was a dump.

But there was a poignant smell coming from this house, it invaded his nostrils the moment he opened the kitchen door.

The stench, it was like something died in here and Kyle could see a decaying rodent in the corner of the room.

It came to find food in this building but ended up starving to death but this didn't solicit any sort of empathy from Kyle not because he was some heartless monster but due to this simply being a rodent.

Kyle expected him to remember something, to have some kind of epiphany but nothing came to mind, unfortunately.

But Kyle soon heard sudden movement at the back of the house and without thinking twice he rushed outside to see who it was.

Kyle barged out the door and saw there was no sign of life, it was just the wind.

He felt like he was losing his mind at this point but Kyle knew he had to remain calm.

This was turning out to be a waste of time but at the corner of his eyes, he saw something or someone standing there.

Kyle jerked his head towards that direction only to see the woman he had just spoken to staring right at him.

"What the hell are you doing here!?" Kyle was startled but the woman had a creepy smile on her face.

Kyle knew that she was bad news and wanted nothing to do with her because she belonged in the asylum.

"My friends want to know why you are going into that house?" The lady asked, prompting Kyle to look around to see her so-called friends but his eyes met nothing.

"Are you with someone?" Kyle asked but the lady raised a brow.

"They are standing right beside me," The lady responded with such seriousness.

"How did I get myself in this fucking mess?" Kyle thought to himself, his return has been far from uneventful.

He nearly beat a man to death and now he was interacting with someone that was schizophrenic because she had imaginary friends.

This was the effect this place had on people, it turned the sanest of people into lunatics, a product of their environment.

But before the conversation could evolve, his phone rang, it was Priscilla and without giving it a second thought. Kyle was on his way.

The lady was left standing there but her eyes looked at the house before shuddering.

"A lot of bad things happened in that house," The lady said under her breath but with Kyle nowhere in sight, her words fell on deaf ears.

-

Oliver and his partner arrived at the given location, all eyes were on them as people looked at them in confusion but there was no doubt that they felt threatened by their presence.

"What the hell is this place?" Oliver questioned, he couldn't believe that it was this bad.

However, Priscilla didn't have the same reaction, she looked indifferent because they had seen over a dozen kids that needed help.

"So… which of the children was he talking about?" Priscilla asked Oliver and Oliver realized that they might have been too hasty.

They didn't have all the information but he also didn't know it would be this bad either.

"How about you call him?" Oliver suggested and that was exactly what she did.

Priscilla engaged Kyle in a conversation but Oliver was taken aback by the state of this place.

However, he soon felt a hand on his gun and Oliver reflexively defended himself by swinging his arm back but it collided with something that had far less body mass than he assumed.

This meant the force he exerted was for an adult, not a child but Oliver knew right away the moment his hand collided.

It hit the child right in the face, sending him tumbling before Oliver placed his hand on his holster to make sure his gun was still there.

Priscilla looked at it unfold and once again, didn't react showing she had more experience in navigating these situations than Oliver.

"I-I'm so sorry!" Oliver apologized, attempting to help the boy up but the boy ran away without looking back.

The fear in everyone's eyes tripled and Priscilla sighed knowing that this was going to be a long day.

The police were pigs or at least that was how some people viewed them and this meant that not everyone had the idea that the police were their friend.

Who could blame them considering they had been abandoned by them for so long or this place wouldn't look the way it did?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 228 - 228: Safety Before Danger.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nothing was stopping Kyle from taking the much-needed step to redeem himself.

He felt lost however he couldn't escape his fate.

Kyle came back home but this place didn't feel like home.

It felt like a prison. The air wasn't refreshing; it was poisonous, but Kyle needed to face this.

Something was standing in his way, what was stopping him from remembering?

Where did this system spawn from and why was it giving him skills associated with the things he lacked during his childhood?

Kyle ran to where the police officers were located because he knew things could escalate if he left them alone.

The people here weren't a fan of the cops and perceived them negatively.

But upon Kyle's arrival, he saw that Priscilla had everything under control but there was no ambulance in sight.

"What the… Where is the ambulance!?" Kyle was furious but Priscilla didn't look bothered by his tantrum.

"Where are they?" Priscilla asked, ignoring his request.

Kyle knew there was no need to get all worked up because Priscilla was the kind of person who was in complete control of her emotions.

Oliver looked worried about the situation, Kyle could tell with a single glance that he was the empathic one among them.

"This way," Kyle led them to the corner in which the fight occurred.

He was worried that the damage he had done to the man could potentially leave him brain-damaged but he had a little sister to take care of so if Kyle took him away from her.

It was only a matter of time before she died as there would be no other means for her to survive.

Kyle didn't know about this or he would have taken a different approach but he had a choice to make in the end.

Kyle led them right to the child and her unconscious brother, the child had a wide smile on her face as she was munching on something.

"Hello Jasmine," Kyle greeted the child and she turned away with excitement in her eyes.

"Kyle!" Jasmine exclaimed, running right at him, she had 0 survival skills if he was this trusting of strangers.

It was understandable considering the way she lived her life but this also showed her brother's inability to protect her.

If he was a junkie, there was no way he could protect his sister when he was only worried about his next fix.

Jasmine hugged him and Kyle looked over at the officers, trying to give them an explanation but there wasn't any to be given.

"Are these the doctors?" The child questioned but this was proof of her innocence.

She stared at them with a look of curiosity but Kyle understood it was his duty to educate her about these things.

"Those are police officers and they are here to help your brother," The moment Kyle muttered "police officers," He noticed Jasmine tense up.

This wasn't a new word to her, she had this and immediately ran to her brother.

"DON'T HURT HIM!" Jasmine exclaimed with her arms outstretched like she was forming a barrier that rejected anything outside of it.

"Jasmine, it's not like that. They are here to help," Kyle reassured.

"LIAR! POLICE ARE BAD!" Jasmine exclaimed and tears welled up in her eyes but Oliver stepped forward.

Kyle didn't know what he had planned but felt safer with Oliver handling this situation as opposed to Priscilla.

Oliver was more in touch with his humanity rather than Priscilla.

He stepped up to Jasmine and the way she was trembling, it was like her little body would crumble at any moment.

"It is fine… We are here to help your brother," Oliver reiterated.

But his voice softened and thankfully, the girl was still on the naive side so she was easily swayed by words.

"You promise? Pinky swear!" Jasmine exclaimed but Oliver had a kind smile.

She wanted a pinky swear and got it, Oliver did it and that was enough to gain her trust.

She stepped aside and Oliver gestured for Priscilla to come over.

They examined the unconscious man and Kyle found himself feeling anxious.

He didn't want more blood on his hands and the thought of taking this girl's brother from her would make him feel guilty for the rest of his life.

It was something that he wouldn't be able to move past.

"Okay, it looks like he will be fine. You did some harm to him but it isn't as bad as it looks," Oliver said.

"But we cannot know the full extent of his injuries until we get to the hospital," Oliver added but Kyle could tell by his tone that this wasn't something that he needed to worry about.

Or could it be that Oliver was simply trying to reassure him?

Kyle felt a smaller hand crawl into his, it was Jasmine.

Kyle realized he couldn't leave her here alone and would have to take her back with him.

At least, until her brother was alright.

But he was a junkie, Kyle didn't know how safe Jasmine would be with him.

Oliver gently lifted him and placed him in the back of the police car.

Despite Priscilla's opposition to coming here, she helped her partner in every way possible.

This was the nature of their partnership, just because they didn't agree didn't mean they wouldn't do their best to offer support to each other.

"Do you want to follow us?" Oliver asked, revving the engine.

"We will be right behind you," Kyle reassured him.

Oliver zoomed off and Kyle was quick to call an Uber but no one accepted his request.

Of course, they won't and this prompted Kyle to chat with one of the drivers via the app.

It was a difficult conversation but Kyle offered to pay double the price.

And luckily, he had nothing but good reviews from the various drivers that had previously worked with him.

This was his saving grace because the driver soon arrived and thus concluded his journey back home.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 229 - 229: Jasmine And Kyle.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

They arrived at the hospital, and he was taken in, but Priscilla and Oliver stayed behind alongside Kyle. Jasmine stood awkwardly, looking around at the room filled with people, but she saw a lot of things she had never seen before.

"Kyle, we will need to ask you questions about what happened to him," Priscilla began but Oliver had to step in.

"Now isn't the time, Priscilla. Leave it for later," Olive informed his partner that there was a time and place for these things.

Priscilla kept quiet but Kyle was aware that she couldn't read certain social queues so this was something he didn't particularly mind.

"It is fine…" Kyle said before looking at Jasmine, she was so entranced by everything she saw that she didn't even pay attention to the conversation they were having.

"We got in a fight, he tried to rob me," Kyle said but Priscilla was suspicious by the degree of the wound that he had sustained.

"There is no way he stayed conscious after several blows… You went overboard and could have killed him," Priscilla informed him.

Kyle kept quiet because there was nothing else to say, she was right.

He couldn't control his rage and nearly destroyed a family even if it was in self-defense but the question was, when did it stop being self-defense?

Oliver didn't intrude on the conversation either because Priscilla was asking all the important questions even if the timing didn't favour them.

"I got carried away and nearly killed a man…" Kyle said, taking accountability for his action because he knew he was in the wrong.

"But I didn't," Kyle added but the sense of relief that overcame him when he said these words was evident.

The conversation couldn't go further as a loud rumble was heard. Kyle looked down and realized that it came from Jasmine.

Why the hell was it so loud? Even adults couldn't make such loud noises but this was also proof of how hungry she was.

"Are you hungry?" Kyle asked her and she nodded with a smile.

"Food, food, food!" Jasmine repeated with a big smile on her face, a smile untainted by the world but how?

Kyle didn't know how she was able to be so happy despite living on the streets in one of the poorest and most dangerous neighbourhoods in the country.

Kyle looked at Oliver for approval and he gave him an approving nod.

These people were police officers and not his friends, they did bail him out of a sticky situation.

Kyle had to give them the respect that came with their badges and this was something Oliver appreciated.

Kyle left with Jasmine, who was holding his hand tightly like he was taking her on a tour.

Kyle noticed she looked at the uniformed doctors with curiosity and realized she had no idea what they were.

"Those are the people that will help your brother," Kyle said and Jasmine smiled before turning to him.

"REALLY!?" Jasmine exclaimed with happiness in her eyes but this only drew the attention of everyone around them.

Jasmine quickly ran to one of the doctors but not every doctor was friendly, this was a highly stressed job and Kyle knew this.

"Doctor, is my brother okay?" Jasmine asked a random doctor but the doctor was confused about who she was talking about.

She looked at Kyle before returning her eyes to the girl and saying.

"I'm sure he is alright!" The lady responded with enthusiasm.

Fortunately, the doctor they had run into wasn't a piece of shit and treated Jasmine like a kid.

Optimism was a thing everyone needed in their lives regardless of how grim the reality was.

"You hear that!? He is fine!" Jasmine exclaimed before running back to Kyle.

Kyle smiled at how excited she was and this reminded him that not everyone that was exposed to the same circumstance would turn out the same.

"I told you…" Kyle responded.

"Now they can fix Mama and Papa next!" Jasmine said but Kyle wasn't about to break the news that they were dead to her.

Her brother might be a junkie but it was clear that he managed to shield her from the death of their parents.

That was something that Kyle could respect because it showed that he had his sister's best interest at heart at least.

Kyle took her to the cafeteria and knew he could get her some much-needed food.

If she lived on the street, there was no doubt that basic meals would be luxuries.

Kyle knew he had to get her something that was healthy, he could treat her to snacks later as he was aware it must have been some time since she ate anything remotely healthy.

Kyle got something for her and they both returned to the table, Kyle wasn't a fan of hospital food but this had to do.

Jasmine was salivating but never attempted to take a bite out of the food in front of her.

Mashed potatoes with a little stew in the middle but this was the best meal in the world to a girl that was used to eating scraps.

"Let's see who can finish their food first!" Kyle urged her, playing his favourite game.

And Jasmine didn't need much encouragement as she dug her spoon into the mashed potatoes.

"THIS IS YUMMY!" Jasmine's face lit up before stuffing her face.

Kyle watched with glee as she devoured the food in front of her, pretending to compete with her.

But she finished her food in no time, Kyle had asked for a smaller potion due to her size but she exceeded his expectation.

Jasmine's stomach was swollen and it didn't take up to three minutes before she was fast asleep.

"Poor thing, she must have been tired," Kyle thought to himself as she laid her head on his lap and Kyle was scared to move.

He didn't want to wake her up from her slumber and decided to stay still until she woke up.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 230 - 230: Girls Night Out.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Calista was back trending online, and with this came more attention. No one on earth didn't like attention.

There was something wrong with all of this, but Calista didn't care, as she knew it could positively influence her reputation.

Calista was going to use Lorenzo to rise to the idol she knew she could become.

But she hadn't gotten Kyle's approval just yet and had no idea how he would react to this considering she had already betrayed him once.

She didn't know if Kyle had forgiven her either because they hadn't spoken for a while.

Lorenzo was in a relationship and there was no telling how this rumour would affect him but it was a good cover.

The world was more accepting of homosexuals but there was still a stigma that came alongside it. More so, she had no idea how Lorenzo's relationship with his boyfriend or what arrangement they had but it was strange that no one was able to bring up anything about his relationship the moment he started to trend which meant that it must have been kept a secret.

Sex sells and especially with thirsty women, men weren't the lustful creatures as society painted them out to be, the true perverts were women.

Calista didn't care much about this as it would help their brand so there was no such thing as bad publicity.

She was in contact with Ella and Ella wanted to meet up, Calista was cautious because Kyle had made the connection.

She couldn't afford to slip up and with the attention on her, she knew she might have to change her neighborhood as well.

She couldn't entertain people in her home anymore but there was a sense of comfort that came with it.

She proposed they meet up at a suite in the city, a very expensive suite and this could also serve as a good place for her to show Ella the kind of lifestyle she could expose her to.

Calista liked Ella but their friendship was based on the wrong reason.

She got ready but Ella had told her she wished to introduce someone to her, this was what sweetened the pot.

Calista hoped that this person was Jane but she didn't know how Kyle would respond to this.

She couldn't aggravate him but she had plausible deniability because Ella never stated the person's name.

It took a couple of hours for them to eventually meet but Calista was going all out as she drove her Lamborghini as this would grant her special treatment by default.

She went ahead of Ella to get the place ready and this included booking a room to have a 'girls' night' out.

Calista arrived and like she expected, she was treated like a celebrity but it was clear that they had no idea who she was.

That was to be expected, not everyone would know her because she was relatively new to the scene but money was one language that everyone recognized.

She was given the VIP treatment and she entered the five-star hostel but the elegance within the hotel was something that she didn't expect.

She has been to some expensive places herself over the years but this took the pick because she could afford it.

Ella and her friend arrived shortly after but the place was way too big that Ella got lost the second she stepped foot inside.

She had to shoot Calista a quick text and to her relief, she got a response right away.

Ella was led by one of the waitresses, the waitresses wore clothes that were more expensive than what Ella and Jane wore combined.

This not only showed that they were well paid but their image was just as important.

Ella and Jane followed the stunning lady who could easily pass as a model.

Everyone here was on another level and Ella realized she was not only underdressed but this place was something she wouldn't have been able to afford in a million years with her previous salary.

But that had changed with her recent payout and she was glad that she could or she would have been self-conscious the moment she stepped into this place.

She might be underdressed but it didn't mean it was out of her price range.

Jane's eyes descended upon Ella for the first time and she couldn't believe she was even prettier in person than in those doctored pictures online.

But Calista was drawn in right away by Jane's blue eyes; however, the sundress she wore wasn't anything impressive but it helped bring out her petite frame.

This was an example of how expensive things didn't necessarily guarantee it would look good on you otherwise this sundress had no reason to look this alluring on Jane.

"Hello, Calista!" Ella began the conversation prompting Calista to get on her feet to hug her 'friend', it was a firm hug and Jane stood there awkwardly.

"Ella! I'm so glad you could make it," Calista said before breaking away from the hug to give Jane some of that attention.

"Are you going to introduce me to your cute friend?" Calista snuck in a compliment and this was a very good first impression because Jane flushed almost immediately.

There was something about when a pretty woman complimented you, it hit you differently than when a man did the same.

Of course, Kyle was the exception in this case as Jane was head over heels in love with him. But regardless, this compliment made her gush and it had nothing to do with her sexual orientation either.

"This is Jane, my friend who became a sister," Ella said with a wide smile but Calista walked towards her.

"Jane! Oh my God! I have heard so much about you," Calista said, grabbing her hand in hers.

"M-Me too!" Jane stuttered, clearly surprised by this reaction but felt even more intimidated by the younger lady in front of her.

"She is beautiful…" Both ladies thought in unison.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 231 - 231: A New Start.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was playing the role of a father to a girl he had just met. He didn't understand what her purpose in his life was, but this was something he had felt before.

It was the same feeling when he held Cassandra's baby.

Jasmine's eyes soon shot open after resting for a couple of minutes and instantly smiled at Kyle.

At around that time, there was a doctor that approached them which surprised Kyle because this meant that the doctor was aware of his whereabouts.

However, this was a different hospital than the one he was used to but a new place could do him some good.

"Big brother…?" Jasmine called out to Kyle but her eyes were still drowsy so she could barely see the man in front of him.

"Are you good?" Kyle asked, disregarding what she had said.

"Kyle? Is my brother fixed?" Jasmine questioned but the way she spoke was like he was some machinery that was having parts replaced.

This was far from the case but Kyle needed to know the situation of the man so he could see if he could relinquish Jasmine back to him.

"Are you the one responsible for the patient that was brought in by the police?" A man in glasses questioned to which Kyle nodded to confirm this was the case.

"I have some good and bad news…" The doctor said before glancing at Jasmine before returning his attention to Kyle.

"Can we speak in private?" The doctor requested and Kyle realized that this must be serious.

"Jasmine, wait here for me, okay?" Kyle asked her and she nodded with a smile, oblivious to what was going on.

Kyle walked a couple of paces away from the child and was ready to receive the news the doctor wished to tell him about.

"Is he going to be okay?" Kyle asked, the worry in his voice evident because his actions no longer affected just the both of them but Jasmine as well.

"He is fine, he is suffering from mild concussion but nothing to worry about even though he has a few facial fractures so we will have to keep him here for some time," The doctor informed Kyle making Kyle wonder what the bad news could be.

"I can cover the medical bills if that is the problem, I'm aware he has no insurance," Kyle said without being prompted, assuming that to be the bad news.

"That is great but that isn't the problem, we have discovered some strong illegal substance in his bloodstream. I'm afraid it was at dangerous levels as well, it is a miracle his heart didn't give out…" The doctor said, looking over at Jasmine.

She had the same dirty clothes as him and the doctor could make an educated guess that they were related.

"I see…" Kyle responded, realizing that this man's reckless behaviour was eventually going to leave Jasmine alone in the world.

"I will handle it," Kyle responded before taking out a black card and handing it to the doctor.

"That should cover everything and I want you to hold onto it should any other charges come up. I know this is unorthodox but I believe this matter can be kept private, can't it?" Kyle asked.

The doctor knew what he was driving at and not everyone had a strong moral compass.

The doctor was hesitant but he took the card from Kyle, Kyle patted him on the shoulder before returning to Jasmine.

Jasmine was his priority however he was the reason they were in this predicament.

But Kyle established that he was going to be alright and couldn't have Jasmine looking so dirty for much longer.

This was why he returned home with her and understood how easy it would be for someone to just take her without repercussion.

This wasn't any way to live life so why the hell did she have that smile on her face?

They arrived at his apartment and Kyle saw Jones and Aiysha standing outside, directing the workers on the finishing touches.

Kyle knew he had caused that family enough damage and kept his eyes peeled to his front, pretending he hadn't seen them.

However, they didn't hide their gazes because he was with a child and they wondered where the child came from.

"Hey man…" A voice said and Kyle took a deep breath, it was Jones.

"If you're going to hit me again, can you wait until I take her inside?" Kyle asked but Jones could tell this wasn't sarcasm.

"About that… I'm sorry…" Jones apologized.

"It is fine, you needed to get it out of your system. I understand," Kyle responded without looking back.

He wasn't going to drag on the conversation when he didn't need to, he needed to keep his distance from this family before he ruined them.

Kyle could tell Aiysha expected him to acknowledge her but Kyle didn't bother with this as she was the cause of all of this to begin with.

He was also aware that this apology might simply be their way of making sure they didn't lose the contract they had with him even though that was impossible considering it was signed in ink.

It would make sense to be on good terms with the person you're working with

Kyle finally got in and Jasmine's jaw dropped the moment she saw his place.

WOAH! THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!!!" Jasmine screamed at the top of her lungs.

This elicited a smile from Kyle.

Kyle knew she would feel more comfortable for a woman to bathe her and wanted her to start understanding boundaries when it came to such things.

There was only one woman that came to mind regarding this and that was Cassandra.

Kyle picked up his phone right away and gave her a call.

But all it took was a second, he took his eyes off her and before he knew it.

She had touched everything in sight and it was at this moment Kyle realized that this was going to be a lot harder than he had anticipated.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 232 - 232: Calista Makes Her Move!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Calista had no idea Ella wasn't oblivious to her lies but Ella didn't understand the point of the lie.

She had her doubts and hoped that this meeting would help her clear things up.

It had to but Kyle was the main thing that connected all of them.

They had a good time and the food was delicious, nothing was stopping them from having a good time.

"This is so much fun!" Calista exclaimed and the other two ladies with her shared the same feeling.

Jane was relatively quiet, she felt like a third wheel but Ella was just as loud as Calista.

Calista had an aura that drew people in or could it be her looks were responsible for this?

That was a possibility but Jane wasn't going to speak unless spoken to.

"We should definitely do this again!" Ella responded and Jane suspected that these two might have had a little too much to drink.

"Should I stop them?" Jane thought to herself but she was hesitant as she didn't know how either would take it.

She looked over her shoulder to see if she could call for help but she was on her own.

"So Jane… Tell me about yourself!" Calista asked her out of the blue and this question caught her off guard.

"A-About me?" Jane repeated, surprised that Calista was taking an interest in her life but considering what Ella had warned her about.

"Yess~ Any boyfriend, any family?" Calista questioned, slurring her words and Jane knew this might be a chance for her to know what she wanted.

But she didn't know how to go about it, this wasn't her forte.

"Well… I have a boyfriend…" Jane said sheepishly but Ella was observing Calista secretly.

She wasn't as drunk as she was letting on but this was a way to get Calista to lower her guard and go right for Jane.

"Oh my! Is he rich or handsome?" Calista asked, this felt like a typical conversation between ladies.

"He is both!" Jane exclaimed, momentarily forgetting her task because an opportunity to talk about Kyle had presented itself, and she wanted to show him off.

"Tell me his name! Maybe I know him!" Calista urged but this was what Ella found strange.

Why was she pretending not to know Kyle despite her research confirming that she did know him?

But Ella kept quiet and realized Calista wasn't as wasted as she thought.

However, Calista thought the same about Ella and that was why she made a move on Jane.

"H-His name is Kyle…" Jane responded and Ella couldn't believe how easy it was to get information from her friend.

She had thrown their plan out the window and was now gushing about Kyle shamelessly like she was willing to tell anyone who would give her a listening ear.

"Damn it, Jane!" Ella thought to herself.

"Kyle… You mean the owner of the nightclub?" Calista asked but there was something wrong with this information because this was the first time Jane was hearing about this.

"Owner?" Jane asked with a nervous smile.

"Shit!" Ella thought to herself because she expected Kyle to have told her by now but the fact that he kept this information to himself until now bothered her.

"I think you might have the wrong one. The Kyle I know owns the JPD Agency," Jane responded with a tinge of nervous laughter.

And that was when Calista's face changed into shock but this didn't go unnoticed by Ella.

"She didn't know?" Ella thought to herself even though Calista tried her best to hide it.

"I must be wrong then," Calista said but her playful tone was hatched down a bit and none of this made any sense to Ella.

If she didn't know that Kyle owned it, why the hell was Kyle with her in the first place?

Why was she so interested in him and this brought about the all-important question, what was their relationship?

-

Kyle was with Jasmine in the apartment, she had taken a shower and gone to bed.

She looked so peaceful and Kyle wondered what she had gone through in her life but whatever life awaited her on the street.

Kyle wasn't going to let it come to pass and knew he had to take preventive measures to stop this from happening.

He went out in the meantime to get Jasmine some clothes, he couldn't let her stay in those filthy clothes, especially after showering so Kyle had her wear the towel like an overgrown dress.

He returned shortly after but had something for her to eat when she woke up already prepared.

Kyle had no idea what to make for her but thankfully, his system filled in that role as all he had to do was search the internet and retain all the information regarding nutritional meals for kids.

Jasmine was extremely malnourished, it was a miracle she wasn't dead in the first place.

Kyle walked towards his apartment but ran into Aiysha in the hallway, he wasn't a fan of this and knew this was only temporary.

He tried to walk past her without saying a word but Aiysha knew she needed to apologize.

She had a role to play in all of this and it wasn't all on Kyle because she could have stopped it at any moment.

The fact that she walked in on him naked for whatever reason, Kyle knew whoever told Jones would hold the power of trust.

This was why it didn't cross his mind to inform Jones about the situations he had found himself in but lost a little respect when he realized that Jones wasn't the man he had made him up to be in his mind.

He broke that image the moment Jones told him he had cheated on Aiysha and the conditions for him being unfaithful.

Kyle watched Jasmine and knew he didn't have it in him to take care of her but accepted that this might be beyond him.

However, the possibility that Cassandra could take on this responsibility was low because she had her son and was currently fighting for custody.

And Kyle couldn't return her to her brother, not yet.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 233 - 233: Babysitter?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was in over his head but the idea didn't make him recoil in fear because he didn't have a father present in his life but this child needed a proper life.

But a scream in his room made Kyle dash there, the kid was screaming and thrashing around the place like a demon had entered her tiny body.

Kyle noticed she was still asleep so this must be a night terror.

He knew not to wake her up aggressively and sat at the edge of the bed, placing his hand on her head.

It was hot, like her body was giving into something it shouldn't be but it was normal.

There is a state where your body is on high alert and your immune system works overtime but the moment the environment changes.

You're hit with all kinds of problems but Kyle knew it was too early to draw a conclusion but he wasn't going to let it escalate either. And vice-versa.

Kyle rushed to get a towel and placed it over her head to dampen the fever.

He had an idea how to do this because he took care of himself when he was little, especially when he fell sick.

Of course, that only pertained to sickness that he could treat himself.

Despite his environment, Kyle never got seriously healed but this was only because his immune system was stronger than most due to the environment he was raised in.

"She is burning up…!" Kyle thought to himself but he heard the doorbell ring soon after.

Kyle wondered who it could be but whoever it was, there was a chance that they could help him.

Even though Kyle had the necessary knowledge to deal with this.

"I'm coming!" Kyle exclaimed before rushing to the door, he hoped it would either be Calista or Jane but neither had called to inform him of their arrival.

Kyle didn't even look through the peephole and instantly opened the door to see who was behind the door.

And he saw someone he didn't wish to see, it was Aiysha. This woman had caused him enough problems so why couldn't she respect him enough to stay away from him?

This was driving Kyle nuts and he didn't wish for something like this to derail him.

His first thought was to slam the door on her but that would be too much, he had to deal with this civilly.

"What can I help you with?" Kyle asked but Aiysha looked hesitant to speak.

"I heard screaming and wanted to see if everything was alright?" Aiysha asked but once again, she was dressed in revealing clothes.

"What the fuck is her problem!?" Kyle thought to himself but was this some sick game that Jones and she liked playing?

"Everything is fine," Kyle responded but the tone he used, Aiysha got the message that he didn't want her here.

"Look Kyle…" Aiysha began, knowing she owed him an explanation for what had happened.

"You don't need to explain yourself but-!" Their conversation was interrupted as Jasmine screamed once again.

Kyle rushed back inside but Aiysha trailed behind him because this was escalating rather quickly.

But this also showed she was no longer in survival mood, Aiyhsa saw a damp towel over her head and realized that the kid must not be feeling well.

"I-It is fine Jasmine, I'm here!" Kyle said but Aiysha stood back and could hear the fear in Kyle's voice.

"We need to get her to the hospital," Aiysha said but Kyle shook his head to dismiss this.

"No, I don't want her to go through that," Kyle said because Jasmine had the notion that the hospital was to fix people and if she went there.

She would assume that she had something that needed to be fixed.

"Move aside," Aiysha instructed, placing her hand to feel her temperature. Despite Kyle having all the knowledge to deal with it, he looked at Aiysha hopeful.

"Well?" Kyle asked Aiysha but she sighed as she slowly took off the piece of cloth on her forehead before scooping her up.

"Hey! Where are you going?" Kyle asked.

"To the shower, I need to have her sit under it," But as Aiysha carried her, Jasmine's eyes narrowly opened.

"....Mama?" Jasmine muttered but she was too weak to say any other thing.

Kyle began to wonder if it was the food she ate at the hospital but that wasn't possible.

Jasmine's eyes closed right away but Aiysha didn't hear the words that escaped her lips, it came out as a muffle.

Kyle watched Aiysha take her into the shower and suddenly, he found himself in a position he didn't wish to be in.

Aiysha had managed to not only get into his house but was now helping him with the kid.

He didn't want any more misunderstanding with Jones either but this was out of his control.

He waited for Aiysha and the shower was fixed so there was no risk of them running out of water. But would that be enough?

-

The ladies had fun outside despite their ulterior motives. Jane was gushing about Kyle revealing information to Calista that she was oblivious to but it hurt Calista's pride because if Jane knew all of this about him then there was no telling how close these two were.

Calista at that moment perceived Jane to be a threat and it was only a matter of time before Kyle threw her away.

However, she found it strange that Jane was unaware that he owned the nightclub despite Ella's awareness.

But Ella never spoke about Kyle in a suggestive way to imply she was involved with him as well.

It was time to call it a day because Jane hadn't caught on and didn't take Calista pointing out he owned the club to heart because she knew Kyle would tell her whatever he wanted to at his time.

She wasn't in a relationship with him and she trusted him enough to know he must have had his reasons for doing whatever it was he was doing.

It wasn't that Jane didn't connect the dots or couldn't but she didn't bother doing so.

The ladies called it a day and Calista offered to meet back up at her place but both of them declined because they were spent.

Ella was also wary of Calista, she was a lot trickier than she had thought.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 234 - 234: Counter Offer?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle waited patiently and the moment Aiysha came out of the bathroom, he could see that Jasmine was looking a lot better.

Her reddened face had reduced and Kyle was visibly relieved.

"How is she?" Kyle asked and Aiysha gave him a reassuring smile.

"She is going to be fine but make sure to get her some medicine too but the worse should be over," Aiysha reassured him.

She must have been sick for a while because there was no way that something this serious would sneak up on her in the blink of an eye despite leaving a polluted environment.

"Thank you so much, Aiysha," Kyle showed his gratitude but he wasn't comfortable with the clothes she had on, more now that it was wet.

"... But I have to ask you to leave," Kyle continued and Aiysha looked sad.

She couldn't believe how things turned out but this was something that couldn't be helped as she was the one that failed to establish proper boundaries with Kyle.

Kyle only dabbled on the dance floor she allowed him on and never tried to force anything she didn't already permit.

"We need to talk," Aiysha knew things could be fixed or at least that was what she believed.

Jones had reacted the way a man would react but this started as harmless flirting.

It wasn't supposed to escalate the way it did but this ironically meant that there was no such thing as harmless flirting as long as this possibility exists.

"Talk? Aiysha, do you not know what is going on?" Kyle couldn't believe how clueless she was or if she was hoping for cheap optimism.

Kyle missed the time when no one noticed him because now, it seemed like everyone's eyes were on him.

"I understand and my husband might have overrated-!" Aiysha was cut short by Kyle or more accurately, the chuckle that escaped his parted lips.

"Overreacted? He reacted as any man would… What if you came here and I had my way with you? Would his fist slamming against my face be justified?" Kyle asked and Aiysha went dead quiet.

"Don't say such things…" Aiysha said but Kyle began stepping towards her to which Aiysha matched his steps by backing up.

"Hey, what are you doing?" Aiysha asked but in truth, Kyle hated that she was pitying him.

"This is what your husband feared might happen," Kyle said but he wanted to know why Aiysha was trying to make her husband out to be the villain in this situation.

"Kyle, stop it. This isn't funny," Aiysha said right before her back hit the wall.

But why was she coming to a man's house wearing what she was?

She could easily have covered up, Kyle didn't care about her body positivity because she was now making situations more charged up than they needed to be.

"Who says I'm playing?" Kyle said before leaning in towards her as if going for a kiss.

He expected her to slap him, just like her husband had so he could drive home his point but that slap never came.

No, Aiysha froze and Kyle didn't know if it was because of fear or if she truly wanted this.

However, he gave her the benefit of doubt and assumed it was because she froze, it wasn't an uncommon response either.

"I'm sorry," Kyle apologized before backing up. She had helped him out and this was how she was repaying her.

"It is fine, I knew you wouldn't," Aiysha said, giving Kyle a reason for her not moving away.

"You knew, huh? Why are you so sure?" Kyle asked, to which Aiysha said with a slight smile.

"It is because you're a good person," Aiysha was certain, her voice unwavering and Kyle realized she truly believed what she was saying.

"I'm a good person, huh?" Kyle thought to himself.

-

Isabella concluded her meeting with Nakamura but there was something that wasn't sitting right with her.

She wanted to know how he got the information he had but also entertained the possibility that this merger was to eliminate competition.

This was common practice in this industry but Isabella wasn't sure how to handle it.

There was no doubt that Kyle would support whatever decision she did decide to take.

Even if it was one that ultimately changed the name of said company.

Nakamura made it clear that he didn't support it and gave a valid reason but that was him protecting his interest.

Isabella called Kyle and wondered if it was going to go unanswered once again but to her surprise, Kyle answered.

"Good evening sir, I hope this is a good time?" Isabella requested before she pressed on with the matter at hand.

[[It is fine, is there any problem?]] Kyle responded right away.

"I think it is better if we meet in person, can we speak in person?" Isabella asked and this was the right call considering how important the situation was.

[[I'm afraid I'm far more occupied than I wish right now… Are you sure it isn't something that can happen over the phone?]] Kyle asked for an alternative.

[[I hope this isn't about the merger?]] Kyle requested and Isabella's mouth clamped shut.

Isabella was surprised how these people got their information but Kyle was the owner so it wasn't entirely surprising.

"It is, sir," Isabella responded but was scared that this might have rubbed Kyle the wrong way because of his tone.

[[Here's my counter offer…]]

And what Kyle said next left her speechless.

[[How about I buy them instead.]]

Kyle said but this would take billions to achieve.

There was no way that Kyle had billions just sitting around.

She understood he was a multi-millionaire but a billionaire was a bit of a stretch because there was no way someone with that much wealth would be unknown to the world.

"Y-You want to buy it…!?" Isabella was astonished by this proposal.

[[That is correct. How does $2,000,000,000 sound?]]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 235 - 235: Jones' Offer!?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Aiysha left Kyle alone with Jasmine but Jones saw his wife exiting his apartment, his eyes meeting Kyle's at the door.

Kyle thought about closing it and leaving the man to his insecurities but this was something that could be talked about.

If there was a chance at reconciliation then he owed it to himself and Jones to give it a try.

It wouldn't make sense to end a solid friendship over a misunderstanding.

"Jones…" Kyle called out, prompting Jones to stop in his tracks and face his direction.

"I need your help, mind lending me a hand?" Kyle said and Jones shared a look of confusion with Aiysha but this was a good chance to fix things with Kyle.

But there was no doubt, it was a gradual process but Kyle had slowly established himself as someone out of their league.

This played a role in their relationship, one could say Jones was intimidated by Kyle.

Jones walked towards Kyle without saying a word but Kyle caught a glimpse of Aiysha's worried facial expression.

Who knows? Maybe Kyle was the reason that the passion in their marriage would be rekindled.

Jones walked in and Kyle closed the door behind him.

"Hey man, about earlier.." Jones tried to immediately apologize.

"The only thing that I will be mad about is you didn't hit me with your full strength," Kyle said because Jones could have easily dislocated his jaw if he put his back into it.

"It is just… my wife, she is very important to me," Jones said but Kyle realized that Aiysha must have cleared the air.

"I know and you are to her," Kyle reassured him. He knew about Jones' insecurities as he had opened up to him.

"You didn't do anything wrong, you know? If anything, if you didn't hit me. I would have respected you less," Kyle said and Jones was visibly relieved by all of this.

He knew that Kyle had every right to be angry and that forgiveness was a luxury.

"The kid…" Jones said, pausing before he could air out his true thoughts as he didn't know where his relationship currently stood.

"That is a long story!" Kyle said with a look of disbelief because his life in the past 24 hours had been something right out of a movie.

Jones knew not to push it and wanted to know why his wife was there even though he didn't say a word. Kyle caught on.

"You're wondering why Aiysha was here, aren't you?" Kyle questioned to which Jones nodded to confirm it.

"No worries, it was to iron things out. The same reason you're here right now," Kyle responded but Jones still looked uneasy.

"You know…" Jones began but stopped right away like something was stuck in his throat.

"Yeah?" Kyle responded, giving him the floor to express himself as he had no time for the suspense.

He would much rather watch over Jasmine but Aiysha had managed to break her fever so it was only a matter of time before she recovered.

"I know this wasn't a one-sided thing," Jones said but Kyle raised his eyebrow upon hearing this.

"C'mon, man. Are we still on this?" Kyle asked, visibly exhausted by this conversation.

"That's not what I mean…" Jones said. Kyle kept quiet, leaving the floor for him to express himself.

"My wife, Aiysha… I know things could only reach that stage if she allowed it," Jones began.

"I have tried my best to make up for my sins of the past but there is a part of me that thinks I'm not worthy of it," Jones continued and Kyle realized what this was.

This wasn't Jones seeking his forgiveness, this was Jones connecting the dots and admitting the role his wife had to play in this.

Kyle wasn't the first man to make moves on his wife but he was the first that make her falter, the first to make her hide the truth from him.

There had to be a reason for that and it was simple, it was because Aiysha allowed it.

"I think my wife has a thing for you…" Jones said with his fists clenched but Kyle chuckled at this.

"What is funny?" Jones questioned, feeling defensive.

"Of course it is, do you think people don't find others attractive simply because they are married?" Kyle proposed the question.

"Ask yourself why you cheated. What matters is if you act on it," Kyle informed him.

He was surprised that Jones was just reaching this conclusion like it was some big revelation.

"I'm not judging you. You never thought your wife would cheat once upon a time because she couldn't but now that she looks like this… It scares you," Kyle informed him.

"You're right. I'm a fucking mess!" Jones looked tired of his insecurity because he would always think his wife would want to get back.

"I don't know man… The fact that she kept it away from me meant that she considered it…" Jones knew Kyle wasn't at fault but he needed somewhere to put his anger.

"You don't have to worry about it, I will be out of your hair soon enough," Kyle informed Jones that his worry was temporary.

"You don't get it… That wouldn't change anything, she did CONSIDER it…" Jones said and it was the principle behind it rather than the act itself.

As it proposed the question, what else was she keeping away from him?

"So what are you saying?" Kyle asked Jones because it sounded like Jones had something in store.

"Kyle, I know what I'm about to say might sound crazy but I think I will feel better if it is you…" Jones said.

"Why does it sound like you're about to ask me to sleep with your wife?" Kyle said jokingly because he remembered that Jones had given Aiysha a free card.

Jones would rather she used that one card on someone he knows rather than someone he didn't.

"Say sike right now," Kyle said but the look on Jones' face said otherwise.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 236 - 236: A New Toy...?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle heard the most absurd thing known to mankind because why was he offering his wife up like she was some property?

Aiysha's refusal to consent left much to desire, but Kyle couldn't tell for certain if this was the case.

"You assume I'm interested…" Kyle responded. He had no plans to bulge because he understood how this would do irreversible damage should it go south.

The last thing he needed was to have her develop feelings for him as that would prove tricky and might also force him to use the Discard card he was given by his system.

"You're a man, Kyle," Jones said before having a seat, Kyle thought this was a test and if he accepted, Jones would have his answer.

"Why are you even offering this right now after beating my ass?" Kyle raised a brow.

"I cannot satisfy my wife sexually, I hate to admit it but that has been a problem in our marriage. And if she let it go this far with you then it is only a matter of time…"Jones paused, stopping himself from saying.

"Why ask her to sleep with another man so that you can keep her?" Kyle was confused by this thinking because he had no emotional investment towards her.

The thought of another man touching her didn't sit right with him so why was Jones willing to gamble with the mother of kids?

"Family…" Jones responded with a defeated smile.

"... And if you don't do it, what if someone with worse intentions does?" Jones questioned.

This was a flawed logic because marriages were built on trust and Jones had shown his distrust for his wife multiple times.

This was the consequence cheaters faced, they become paranoid because they put themselves in situations their partners found themselves in and assume how they would act in the same way their partner would.

No one ever got away with anything, there were always lasting effects on future relationships.

"You people are strange…" Kyle muttered under his breath.

"Excuse me?" Jones questioned, surprised by this response.

"It is nothing…" Kyle knew best not to air out his true thoughts or this might further complicate the situation.

"Like I said, I have no interest in your wife… And I have no idea why you would want to share her but here is a warning…" Kyle said, leaning in towards Jones until he was mere inches from his face.

"... And should the day come that I touch her, she will cease being yours. Unlike you, I do not share," Kyle warned him and this sent a chill down Jones' spine because the look in Kyle's eyes was something he had never seen before.

"So should your wife put herself in a situation where I can have her, I will not hold back," Kyle added and for some reason, Jones felt his heart thumping anxiously.

This man before him had just told him that he would take his wife if she allowed it but this was Kyle's way of making Jones revisit what he was saying.

If he continued with this mindset, it was only a matter of time before another did this exact thing because no woman wants a man who is willing to share her in any capacity.

It might look good and she might agree to it but deep down, she would lose respect for said man.

Before the conversation could go on, Jasmine made a noise that made Kyle spring to his feet and rush to the room without hesitation.

Jones was startled by his movement but this made him curious as she trailed behind Kyle, only stopping at the entrance of the room.

"Is everything okay?" Jones asked, noticing the child on the bed. She looked a lot better than when she first came in prompting Jones to have an answer as to why his wife came here.

"She is better now," Kyle said. Jasmine was awake but she was still feeling out of it.

Kyle allowed her to rest, he knew that taking her to the hospital would be the best course of action but there were signs of healed bruises on her body alongside other things that prevented him from doing so.

There was no doubt that child protective services would get involved and they would take her away from her brother, putting her in a system that would do more harm than good.

"Jones, I want you to think about what you want in your marriage. If you aren't willing to cause harm to the people that wish to take her from you then I don't think you know what it means to have a family," Kyle said without looking at him.

Kyle was schooling Jones despite him being much older than him but Jones knew Kyle was right.

He had to get it together but part of him knew that this was the only way to level the playing field in their marriage despite him doing more than enough to make up for his past sins.

"I understand," Jones responded but once again, there was an air of submission in his voice.

It was like they subconsciously perceived Kyle as their superior due to his superior social standing as of this moment.

"Now, want to tell me what the hell is up with Tasha?" Kyle asked. There was no way that Jones wouldn't know about her if their relationship was as transparent as they let on.

"Man… She is trouble, my advice is to stay away from her," Jones warned Kyle.

The conversation had been changed successfully to something they could both relate to.

"Ha! I knew you would say that" Kyle chuckled, some things never changed.

Tasha was a strange woman but there was no doubt that she was attractive, if he was going to replace Calista he needed to find someone freakier than her in that department.

She had lied to him already, the only thing that made her worth anything was her loyalty to Kyle which she had now lost.

But Kyle needed to see if Tasha was a woman he could tame in the first place.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 237 - 237: The Takeover!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Isabella was shocked by Kyle's proposal to take over the Agency that just tried to buy them out.

This was something that wasn't within her calculations but it made her even more curious to know who Kyle was.

Not only was he the perfect actor but also a billionaire with that much money to spare.

There was no way that Isabella wouldn't have heard about someone so rich but how did he get access to this information?

That was the big question because if they knew to reach Kyle first, there would be no need to inform her about this offer.

Isabella immediately checked her contacts because this was going to be one of the biggest takeovers in recent times.

Kyle matched their market price but it was up to the shareholders that would ultimately decide.

The power didn't rest in one person's hand, unlike Kyle with his Agency.

Isabella managed to reach her contacts but there was a slim chance that this would be successful unless Kyle was willing to grossly overpay.

This would get them to consider and even with that, it might not be enough.

Kyle needed more than money to sway this in his favour and the first thing he needed right now was to establish who the shareholders were.

Isabella knew this already, she wasn't a novice when it came to this and Kyle was about to benefit from her expertise.

Isabella was excited and could already envision the name of her Agency on theirs.

It would be a dream come true and would no doubt catapult JPD to the top of the rankings.

But it would also make others wary of them, as not all rivals attempted to buy out their competition.

This business was cruel and they were about to find out the hard way.

Isabella texted Kyle all the information that she managed to gather as she knew that was his preferred method of communication.

"Carly, mode come in," Isabella told her through the landline for office communication.

"Yes, boss!" Carly responded prompting Isabella to kiss her teeth before dropping the phone.

Is/abella had an imposing figure yet Carly, despite being her secretary, had a healthy relationship with her.

This allowed them to interact on a level that blurred the line between superior and subordinate but Carly understood her place regardless.

When Carly entered the room, Isabella handed her a piece of paper with information scribbled.

"I need you to get this to Veronica," Isabella instructed her.

Carly knew it must be serious if Veronica was involved, Veronica was a true professional that has worked with some of the best names but for some reason, she did Isabella favours without any fuss despite her busy schedule.

Carly had never seen Isabella send her any sort of payment either and this was why she was coming up with her little theory.

And that was they were secret lovers, that would fit the trope she spends hours reading in her spare time.

-

Kyle unwinded with Jones, breaking apart the wall that stood between them caused by his association with Aiysha.

Kyle understood that Jones wasn't a secure man and was scared that he could lose his wife at any moment but it wasn't his duty to fix him.

This was a journey he had to embark on himself because Kyle had plans to leave this building.

-

Jane and Ella returned home but Ella was worried about Calista's motive however Jane didn't share this same concern.

She thought the date went splendidly as a matter of fact because she didn't care if Calista was trying to get into her head.

It was only effective if she reacted. In the end, it was she that Kyle had chosen so there was no need to be worried about any other woman.

"Hey, what do you think about Calista?" Ella asked Jane.

"I think she is great, a great listener and conversationalist!" Jane had nothing but praise for her because Calista hadn't shown her anything that would make her view her in a bad light.

"I forgot who I was asking…" Ella thought to herself. She wasn't surprised that Jane couldn't pick up on this.

Jane was far too innocent to detect manipulative behaviour that others would have otherwise picked up on due to the simple fact that Jane thought everyone had the same kind heart as her.

"So Kyle is the owner of the club," Jane said and Ella thought she was going to be mad because he kept this away from her.

She wanted to explain the situation on Kyle's behalf but Jane's facial expression said otherwise.

"Amazing, isn't it? Kyle is so amazing!" Jane boasted and Ella realized that she didn't take him not telling her personally.

Ella could tell her that she was aware but chose to keep it to herself because there was no telling how she would react.

Jane was becoming more unpredictable since meeting Kyle but this was the first time she had seen her friend truly in love.

This made her patterns harder to read, the fact that she gave up her body to Kyle showed how much she trusted him.

Ella had a smile on her face, she couldn't believe she thought that Jane would react negatively to having information withheld from her.

"Kyle, you really did a number on her," Ella thought to herself but something was disturbing about all of this.

And that was the nature of Calista's relationship with Kyle but she wasn't going to tell Jane anything until she had concrete proof.

-

Nakamura was done with his meeting with Isabella but he had already told Kyle about the attempt of taking over because he was the head of the operation.

However, Kyle had explicitly told him that Isabella was more than capable of handling this.

This was why Nakamura met her, he knew he couldn't influence Kyle but what about Isabella?

Unfortunately, he failed at that but he could tell by her body language she had plans of her own.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 238 - 238: Who Are You?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The day came to an end and Kyle watched over Jasmine like if he took his eyes off her, a spirit would drag her to the afterlife.

He was paranoid but there was no need for concern because Jasmine was sleeping peacefully.

Kyle couldn't believe how things unfolded but he was glad that he found Jasmine otherwise there was no doubt that her lifespan would be short considering her brother was still using.

He focused on escaping his reality and left his sister trapped in this world.

Kyle knew he couldn't return her to her brother in his state.

However, Kyle also knew this was an opportunity to fix this family as he planned to find help for her brother.

He took out his phone to see what was going on but there was nothing of note that he didn't already know.

Kyle knew the takeover was something that he needed to initiate but had no idea how much he would need to do so.

He needed a more efficient way to multiply his money, he couldn't be sending these women billions of dollars because even that would raise suspicion.

There had to be a way and Kyle knew he needed to figure it out soon.

"Huh?" Kyle thought to himself, he received a strange message but wondered who it was from.

He tried to see the number but there was nothing shown, it was a private number.

"How the fuck do you want me to respond if it is a private number!?" Kyle muttered under his breath in irritation.

[[They are watching you.]]

This was what the message read but Kyle had no idea what they were talking about because he hadn't drawn any attention.

The only person that could do something like this was Cleopatra but something told him she was too busy to do something like this.

Cleopatra might be crazy but he had leverage over her, mutual self-destruction was assured if she played her cards because Kyle was certain she must have made some powerful enemies with that mask of hers on.

There was no way they weren't dying to find out who she was but Kyle was also impressed that she managed to keep her identity hidden amongst such powerful people.

But he also couldn't believe his luck that he stumbled upon this information, Kyle had to figure out a way to use Cleopatra.

However, he couldn't let Ella know about it because he was certain she wouldn't support it, not that he needed it.

Kyle wasn't stupid, he knew she picked up on something when he returned to that room and tried to play it off.

Kyle knew he had to be careful with Ella, unlike Jane, who noticed these things.

She was a lot sharper than he initially gave her credit for.

But this text message was strange, however, that was Kyle's future problem.

Kyle wondered how Cassandra was doing, she was the most recent addition to his harem.

A surprise he didn't mind as it would make things a lot easier but he was also glad that Aiysha hadn't been registered into his harem despite his conversation with Jones.

It showed that she had no emotional attachment to him which made what Jones was saying less probable.

Kyle knew he had to do his research about the Agency that tried to buy him out.

"I wonder the motive behind this…" Kyle thought to himself as there were other agencies with far more promise.

The Gifted House was ranked 67 in the United States, it was among the very best in the world and this made it all the more suspicious why they were interested in acquiring JPD.

Unlike JPD, this Agency was transparent and this included the owner of the Agency.

Kyle scrolled through their site and the contact information was there for all to see.

He knew he could acquire this but it would be way above his current net worth.

He had to give them an offer they absolutely couldn't refuse and only had one shot at this.

Kyle sent an email to their team, it was still unknown how he got the information even though it was believed that Nakamura spoke to him about it.

Otherwise, Kyle wouldn't be taking this route to gather the information he sought and would have simply asked Nakamura.

Kyle was aware he could turn his $2,000,000,000 into $100,000,000,000 with a single transfer.

"There is something fishy about this, it doesn't add up," Kyle thought to himself.

This Agency was too big and the message he got just now about something watching him.

Kyle had this shaky feeling that these two events were connected and something a lot bigger was going on. He wasn't connecting the dots just yet.

-

"You say his name is Kyle, is that it?" A masculine figure said, speaking to a phone.

[[That is correct, he is the owner of the JPD Agency but I have not heard that name before.]] The voice responded from behind the phone.

"Are you sure, there is nothing about him? For a lady of your expertise, I would expect a better answer…" The masculine figure shrouded in shadow responded.

The thing about Kyle was that he didn't exist in the records until recently, he had no form of identification nor birth certificate until he was taken into the foster system after his mother's suicide.

This was when he was registered into the system so he had a footprint but they had to look in the right places.

[[Hold your horses… I didn't say I couldn't complete the task.]] The person on the other end of the phone.

"Tell me what I need to know," The man demanded, it was clear by his tone that he had no time to waste.

[[Kyle… Kyle Garcia… Kyle Walker and for the final one, Kyle Wright.]] The voice informed him,

"An orphan that became a billionaire? Fascinating…" The masculine figure said as a ray of light revealed the smirk plastered across his face.

"Lady Cleopatra would be pleased to hear this,"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 239 - 239: 2 AM, A Visitor.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle had no idea what was going on behind the scenes but since he knew Cleopatra's identity, she was doing everything in her power to eliminate that leverage.

The fact that she couldn't find anything about Kyle online verified that he was hiding something because there was no way someone just spawns out of thin air with that much money with no trail.

However, this was what happened but it wasn't something that could be believed.

It was well into the night and Kyle hadn't slept because he didn't want to doze off and leave Jasmine when she might need him.

He couldn't risk it but thought back about what Jones proposed, it was a strange offer but it could only be made if the possibility did exist.

Kyle was attracted to Aiysha, there was no doubt about that but there was a line some people shouldn't cross.

However, his changed behaviour came at the revelation of Jones' infidelity in the past as well as his insecurities because Kyle was avoiding her just fine until then.

Kyle was exhausted, it was already past 2 AM and his body was barely functional.

But he heard his doorbell ring, there was no way that this could be good but he wasn't too worried because this might be an area where crime was common but it didn't compare to where he lived as a child.

He could handle whoever was behind that door unless it was a trained hitman assigned to take him out which brought him back to the strange message he got.

Kyle became paranoid all of a sudden but the voice behind the door made him realize it wasn't the worst case scenario.

"Hey Kyle, are you in there?" A lady said behind the door and Kyle recognized her to be Calista.

It had been a while since he had seen her so it was no surprise she was here.

She must have missed him or something along those lines. Either, this was her crossing the line.

She must have come here to apologize or try to make it up to him for the sins she had committed.

Kyle didn't care because he knew the role that Calista played in his life and wasn't too bothered if she stayed or not.

He had a potential replacement in Tasha but with Jasmine in the picture, Kyle knew he couldn't expose her to just anyone or it could influence her in the wrong way.

That was something he couldn't gamble with because he knew the life that she had been exposed to already.

Jasmine deserved to live like a kid and Kyle knew first-hand what the foster system did to him.

Kyle opened the door and saw Calista standing right in front of him.

"What do you want?" Kyle was tired and had no time to pretend that he enjoyed her company at that moment.

"Kyle, I came to apologize…" Calista said but who comes to someone's house at 2 AM just to apologize?

Kyle began to wonder if Calista was the person the stranger had warned him about.

No, that couldn't be it but the possibility remained.

"Please don't tell me you intend to use sex as a bargaining chip?" Kyle sounded almost disgusted, a tone that Calista picked up on.

"No… I came to tell you everything," Calista confessed and this caught Kyle's attention because he assumed that what she wanted to tell him might uncover the secret behind that text.

Calista has not only proven to be untrustworthy but far more cunning than he initially gave her credit for.

Nothing was stopping her from spewing even more lies but Kyle was curious about what she had to say.

He stepped aside and let her into his home, the good thing about the time was that no one saw her come in.

Kyle sighed because the chances that this would end up with his cock deep in her guts were high but there was time for everything.

"I'm listening, spill," Kyle said but Calista was surprised by how cruel he sounded.

This wasn't the sweet Kyle she was used to seeing but it would be ridiculous to expect he would still treat her the same even after she had betrayed him.

This was her cup of tea and she had every intention of gulping it but seeing this side of Kyle sent shivers down her spine.

Calista began to tell him everything, including her meeting with Jane and Ella.

The moment Kyle heard Jane, he became visibly tensed and shot Calista a death glare.

Calista felt like he was going to reach for her throat and rip out her lungs, she had no idea when she took a step back for her safety despite knowing Kyle would never lay a hand on her as she had already given him reason to do so.

"You met Jane? What is the meaning of this?" Kyle asked, he didn't care about anything else she had told but not Jane.

Jane should never have entered the equation and Kyle realized that he had allowed Calista to become too comfortable.

She shouldn't even have the audacity to do such a thing and only did it because Kyle had given her leeway.

"I-I can explain…" Calista tried to defend herself but Kyle wasn't having any of it.

"Calista, have you forgotten what you are to me?" Kyle's cold voice echoed in her ears.

'A piece of flesh to satisfy my lust, that is all…" Kyle was straightforward with her because regardless of what he said.

He had introduced her to a lifestyle that she wouldn't be able to find anywhere else so it was her loss and Kyle knew that she was already bound to him.

"Jane, on the other hand, is everything you wish you could be… And unlike you, I have more use for her than her body," Kyle's words shot out like venom.

"But the question is, will you gather your self-respect and leave or will you drop it and remain," Kyle proposed. Calista had hurt him in the past, it was his turn to do that to her by lowering her self-esteem.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 240 - 240: A Desperate Plea!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was with Calista and a part of him didn't want her to know of the existence of Jasmine otherwise that could potentially give her a reason to hang around longer.

Aiysha had already done all that was required for the child so there was no reason for another to show said interest.

Who knows how she would use this information against him?

Kyle sighed as he watched Calista beg which was pathetic considering what he had just said.

Any woman with self-respect would have walked away but if it came at such a cost, then what value did self-respect truly hold?

This life was all about survival and there was nothing that was going to stand in the way of it.

Especially after finding out that Kyle was behind her recent success.

She wasn't going to sabotage her entire career, there was too much on the line for this relationship to just end.

"Calista, why do you lower yourself to this degree?" Kyle had to ask, he wanted to know the inner workings of her mind because he wasn't impressed with what he was seeing.

"It is because I'm in love with you, Kyle. I haven't felt this way about anyone before," Calista confessed but Kyle knew she was an actress and playing the role of a woman in love shouldn't be all that difficult.

However, Kyle noticed that the affection bar wasn't affected which told him that this might be the case.

"So why did you lie to me?" Kyle asked and Calista kept her mouth shut for a second, trying her best to compose her thoughts before letting it loose.

"I didn't know what else to do but I wanted to know everything about you. I wouldn't go that far if I didn't care about you at all…" Calista spewed.

Once again, this tallied up with her actions because she had no other reason to do what she did. It didn't benefit her in the long run either, she helped Kyle out and carried her.

"Is that so…" Kyle responded, sounding unimpressed but a part of him liked what he was seeing.

She was so pathetic, grovelling and begging him to take her back but this was fitting for her.

This told Kyle that the plan he had in mind was coming to fruition.

Revenge was best served hot, they said but Kyle was having fun striping her of not only her clothes but dignity as well.

"Yes, Kyle…" Calista said, walking towards him before leaning forward while standing on her toes to whisper these words.

"I love you," Calista said but Kyle knew she was about to weaponize her body to get a reaction out of Kyle.

Kyle was horny because Calista remained as sexy as ever, this didn't reduce how attractive she was physically.

"Let me show you how much I love you…" Calista said, sliding her hand up and down his chest until it eventually made its way into his pants.

Kyle quickly grabbed her wrist to stop it from going any further, he had to take control of this situation or she wouldn't get the message.

"What are you doing?" Kyle asked but this wasn't going to stop Calista from doing what she had in mind.

She quickly placed her other hand on his crotch and the first thing she noticed was he was hard as steel.

"You poor things… You must be so stressed." Calista said and Kyle knew this would happen from the moment she entered his home.

This was why he tried to get rid of her but didn't expect her to be this desperate.

"Calista, that is enough…" Kyle tried to resist but he had pent up energy within him.

"No, no… Please don't throw me away. I promise I will be good from here on out," Calista pleaded.

Kyle could tell how desperate she was and it was sad but there was something that told him she was no longer putting on an act.

"Throw you away?" Kyle asked, confused by this wording because there was nothing that prompted such an extreme statement.

Calista had no idea when she began to cry but these weren't crocodile tears, there was something damaged about her.

She let go of Kyle's crotch and began to sob uncontrollably, Kyle looked at her before sighing.

He had no idea how the situation escalated to this but wasn't going to give in.

"Calista, I'm not throwing you away. I just need time alone to process things. Even if we stop being intimate, I would always look out for you," Kyle reassured her but Calista didn't believe a word out of his mouth.

He was getting rid of her and doing so gently so he wouldn't need to face the aftermath.

"I will do anything…" Calista repeated in a low tone before pulling an object out of her bag.

At first glance, it didn't look like much but upon second glance, Kyle realized he was staring at a knife before placing it at her neck.

"What the fuck are you doing!?" Kyle questioned. He wanted to call her bluff but had no idea how stable this woman was.

"Well, Kyle? Do you still need me?" Calista questioned, this wasn't a bluff. She planned to take her life if he said no.

Kyle always assumed she was just a cunt because of her looks but never did he think she would go this far.

This was something that shouldn't be happening but a part of Kyle wanted to see how far she would go with this.

"So if I tell you to take your life, you would?" Kyle asked to which Calista nodded without hesitation.

Her dream was right in front of her, there was no way she was going to forfeit it and lose the person at the helm.

Kyle smirked wickedly as he muttered under his breath.

"Interesting…"

Calista was hopeful that this would convince him that she meant business but wasn't aware that Kyle was going to test her.

"Slit your wrist for me, Calista," Kyle said but there was something in his eyes that sent shivers down her spine. It bore a striking resemblance to the picture she saw of him as a kid which ironically, wasn't real.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 241 - 241: Toxicity Or Love?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle asked Calista to slit her wrist and something told her he wasn't bluffing. There was nothing behind his eyes and she instantly regretted proposing such in the first place.

But she wasn't going to back out, Calista brought the knife down on her wrist and pressed it hard enough to draw blood expecting Kyle to stop her.

However, Kyle didn't and it was almost like he was in a trance and Calista decided that she had to stand on business or Kyle wouldn't take her seriously.

"What are you waiting for?" Kyle asked but this was what hurt Calista's ego, the way he was looking down at her like she was some sort of roach.

In the heat of the moment, she dug it deep enough for it to cut through a decent amount of flesh but that wasn't all.

She attempted to drag it vertically to rip open her flesh and make it near impossible for Kyle to stop the bleeding should she proceed.

Of course, Calista didn't think this far ahead and was overcome by adrenaline.

Fortunately for her, Kyle grabbed her wrist and prevented her from completing the motion that would have done irreparable damage.

"How sad…" Kyle muttered under his breath, looking at her wrists before bringing it to his lips and planting a soft kiss on it.

Calista was a fanatic but this was over the top even for her but Kyle knew he could use it to his advantage.

The last thing he needed was an upcoming actress dying in his apartment and putting all eyes on him.

"Don't pity me…" Calista responded before gently yanking her hand away.

"How could I not? Poor Calista, did Daddy not love you enough?" Kyle questioned but he was mocking her.

"Stop it…" Calista warned but Kyle wanted to see how far he could push her.

To his utmost surprise, her affection bar remained despite the abuse she was getting from him.

"I'm sorry Calista… I have had a busy day and I think I might be taking my frustrations out on you…" Kyle decided to take a different route as he had confirmed what he wanted to do.

"I-It is fine! I will be here to help you however I can," Calista's eyes lit up because she knew this was positive news for their relationship.

"Are you sure? Be careful with what you promise or I just might test it," Kyle said, staring at her wrist.

Calista knew what he was insinuating but he was justified because it wasn't lost on Calista how pathetic she looked.

-

Aiysha was in the room with Jones, they hadn't been intimate in days until they could sort out what was going on in their marriage.

Aiysha didn't cheat but there was something fundamentally wrong with what had happened between them.

They lay in bed but Aiysha was wide awake because she worried her marriage was beyond repair. She was self-aware enough to understand she played a role in how her marriage unfolded.

Jones offered to move out until they had resolved their issues because this is one of the pillars of marriage. It was trust and they no longer trusted each other.

"What did you talk to Kyle about?" Aiyhsa finally mustered the courage to have this difficult conversation.

"I told him I was sorry for hitting him. It wasn't in my place to do so," Jones responded but there was an air of tension lingering.

"It isn't your fault," Aiysha responded, almost relieved that they could sort things out among themselves.

"I also told him that he could…" Jones paused as if something got stuck in his throat and realized that this was a big deal.

"He could…?" Aiysha repeated, waiting for him to complete his sentence.

"I told him he could have yo-!" Jones couldn't even complete his sentence before Aiysha flinched.

"You did what!?" Aiysha screamed at him. She had been nothing but faithful and trying her best to remain so. She told him everything but this was disrespectful and over the line.

"Hear me out at least! You owe me that much!" Jones shouted.

"I don't owe you anything! You didn't think to talk this through with me!?" Aiysha barked at him.

She was furious and rightfully so because the last person that she expected to do this was her husband.

"It just slipped out…" Jones said but Aiysha wasn't going to let him off the hook.

"This is the problem. This has always been the problem! You don't think about how your actions affect others! You just do and expect everything to be alright. Just because you think what you do is right, doesn't make it right," Aiysha made her feelings known, raising her voice at him.

"I can't even look at you right now! Do you want me to fuck him? Is that it?" Aiysha was furious and the angrier she got, the more of a mistake Jones realized he made.

This would explain Kyle's reaction to his offer as well but he was going to do everything in his power to make his marriage work.

But he knew now wasn't the time to talk, he needed to let her get everything off her chest.

Aiyhsa took a deep breath and remained silent for a minute. She needed to get her emotions under control.

She knew that Jones might have crossed a line but he was still her husband.

There had to be a reason behind such a stupid decision and Jones caught on that his wife was giving him space to explain himself.

"I think it is best we have this conversation when we both calm down…" Jones said before getting up and heading to the living room to spend the night.

"Where do you think you're going?" Aiysha asked, forcing Jones to stop in his tracks.

"I'm going to sleep in the parlour…" Jones responded.

"Boy, get your ass back in this bed!" Aiysha threatened, it had been ages since he heard her speak this way but she only did it when she was mad.

However, they had a rule. Regardless of how they feel after a fight, they will always share the same bed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 242 - 242: Karma?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The night came to an end with nothing much going on, Calista ended up passing the night there after Kyle had administered first aid to her wound so it wouldn't get infected or fester.

Calista wasn't aware of the child in his house but Kyle didn't want her to stay the night, however he couldn't risk something happening to her on the way as he would be the last one to see her alive which would naturally be shady and bring unwanted attention to him.

Jasmine woke up and felt better than she did yesterday.

It was the smell of food that snapped her out of it and this was when Calista became aware of her presence.

Jasmine walked towards the kitchen and just stood at the door, staring at Calista.

"Who are you, kid?" Calista asked but Jasmine was in a trance, she was beautiful and this was the first time she had seen someone this pretty up close.

"That is my daughter…" Kyle appeared out of nowhere, Calista was surprised he could keep his hands off her but this must be the reason.

"Y-Your daughter?" Calista tried to hide her shock but didn't do so quite well.

Jasmine looked up at Kyle with a confused look on her face.

"You are not papa," Jasmine said bluntly, oblivious to the joke and Kyle's smile soon changed to embarrassment. Jasmine had left him hanging.

"Jasmine, play along," Kyle whispered to her.

"You want to play?" Jasmine said out loud prompting Kyle to sigh in defeat.

Calista couldn't hold in her laughter as it escaped her barely parted lips.

Jasmine noticed the bandage around Calista's wrist and rushed towards her.

"The doctors can fix you!" Jasmine exclaimed but this was a simple cut that shouldn't require such an action.

Jasmine was feeling a lot better, whatever Aiysha did must have worked wonders because there was no way he would have been able to do this alone.

Kyle already made sure of all of this but had no interest in answering Calista's question because he didn't know what Jasmine was to him.

She was just a child he picked up on the road but saying this would raise alarms as it wasn't legal to snatch up a child on the road and keep her.

He was also trying his best to keep her away from law enforcements so this was something he had to take into consideration.

The less people that knew about her, the better it was for him. At least, until the situation had been sorted out.

Kyle was surprised Calista was cooking to begin with, he expected her to be out that door as soon as the sun came up because of what happened the morning before dawn.

However, she opted to stay but Kyle knew all this was a ploy to get back into his graces but it was a gesture that came in handy because Jasmine now had something to eat.

Kyle watched her eat like a mad dog and all he could do was smile, he didn't know how she was fitting all of that food into her small body.

Calista snuck a peak at Kyle and couldn't believe this was the same man who had told her to harm herself.

The switch was amazing, it was like Kyle had multiple masks he wore to fit into any situation he found himself in.

"Are you okay?" Kyle caught her staring at him but the malice she sensed of him that day was nowhere to be found.

Whoever this child was, she needed to find out more about her.

-

Jane and Ella had a much-needed time together but Jane was missing Kyle.

She didn't want to seem clingy so she tried her hardest to stop herself from texting him even though it physically hurt not to do so.

Ella left the house in the morning because she had to make a living and knew she couldn't do so sitting at home.

The fact that she was from a rich home and had access to some of that wealth might be the opportunity she needed never to work again.

The fact that Kyle took a chance on her despite not knowing anything about her was a good testament to where his heart was.

She knew he did it for Jane but judging by the dynamic of their relationship. There was no reason for him to go this far for her because he already had her in his pocket.

This meant all he did was because he wanted to not because he had to, which made him one of the few people to ever do that for her.

She was worried about Calista and knew that even if Jane didn't see her as a threat, there was no telling how far she was willing to get her way with Kyle.

Kyle was at the top of the food chain and there was no way that others wouldn't try to claim a seat beside him.

People that would make Calista look ordinary but Ella also knew there was a chance that Kyle had been intimate with her.

He was a man after all and there was no way he wouldn't have thought about it at least once and Calista trying to subtly mark her territory was a give away.

The problem was when did something occur between them, was it before he started seeing Jane or before?

The timeframe mattered the most because if it was before then it wasn't their business but if it was after, Ella knew that there was no way he was stopping because of Jane.

She had her fingers crossed and allowed her best friend to remain oblivious but she also caught on that Jane missed Kyle a lot more than she let on.

This was why she gave her one suggestion before leaving for work.

"Surprise him,"

But would this single piece of advice be the thing that destroys this relationship as Calista was currently with Kyle.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 243 - 243: Interlude
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle had a lot going on but knew he had to keep tabs on Jasmine's older brother because there was no telling how serious his condition was.

This wasn't about the injury Kyle inflicted on him but rather the drug abuse he had subjected his body to.

However, before any of this could happen, his doorbell rang, informing him of an unannounced guest.

Kyle sighed. He had enough of all of this and knew he had to make active plans to sell his home to a selected few, as he was becoming a public figure.

If his home was easily accessible, it could spell bigger problems shortly.

"I will get it," Calista said because Kyle was still stuffing his mouth with all the food he could eat.

Kyle didn't think too much of this and gave her the go-ahead because what was the big deal if she was in his house?

Calista answered the door and part of her wished it was Jane so she could rub it in her face but this wasn't the case unfortunately as the person behind the door was revealed to be Aiysha.

A lady she had a run-in with already and left a terrible first impression but Calista wondered why she was here.

"Is there a problem?" Calista began the conversation but Aiysha had no time for some confrontation, it wouldn't bear any fruit.

"I want to see Kyle, is Jasmine alright?" Aiysha asked right away, looking past Calista like she wasn't even there.

She liked Jane a lot better but wondered why this woman was here when it was clear that Kyle was involved with the other lady.

However, this was none of her business and she wasn't going to comment about it either.

It was one of those things that was beyond her control but she had to find a way to humble this woman before her.

Jasmine soon entered the fray and while she hadn't seen Aiysha, she recognized her voice.

She walked towards the door and stared blankly at Aiysha for a whole minute without uttering a single word.

Jasmine walked past Calista, grabbed Aiysha's hand and led her right to Kyle.

Calista couldn't stop her or say a word because she was still on the fence with Kyle and had no way of telling the importance of this woman in his life.

However, there was one thing she noted, this lady was attractive upon closer inspection.

There was no way that Kyle's body wouldn't respond to such an attractive lady but Jasmine was what worried her.

Aiysha was brought to the kitchen by Jasmine and even Kyle was shocked to see her.

She had no reason to be here but it must be because of Jasmine.

She must have come to check if she was doing alright, even Kyle was surprised by how well her body responded to the treatment.

Although she had a slight fever, her immune system was showing that it was stronger than that of the average person.

"How is she doing?" Aiysha asked Kyle as Jasmine returned to her seat to continue her meal.

"She is much better, thanks to you," Kyle confessed. Calista heard this as she came to join them but it felt awkward with her there.

"I'm glad to hear that, I came to check in on her," Aiysha said to which Kyle flashed her a smile.

"Thank you very much, Aiysha. I mean it, if you need anything, let me know," Kyle showed his gratitude and it was genuine.

Calista found herself getting jealous because this woman had something she didn't possess.

A nurturing instinct which came from motherhood but the ring on her finger told her she was married.

Aiysha realized this was the same woman who informed her husband about Kyle's condition.

But this was only part of the reason she was here, she wanted to speak to Kyle regarding what her husband had said to him to clear up any misconception.

However, this would have to wait, unfortunately.

-

Ella had gone to the Agency to speak to Isabella about a plan to produce a song.

She had the means to but knew she needed the go-ahead from Isabella as she was no longer an independent artist.

She was the person who spoke on behalf of her band as well, they had gotten their cut and this was a reminder that they could earn a living doing this.

This was good as it reignited some spark in the band but Ella worried that money might change the motive of her band.

If money was the thing that brought some spark into their lives then there was a chance that it would distort their reason for making music.

Ella knew all of this was a possibility but had to trust her band not to lose sight of the goal they all shared.

However, she knew how a person's past had a habit of sneaking up on them so she had to come clean to Isabella so she understood what she was getting herself and the label into.\\

She couldn't be the reason why Kyle's agency suffered due to her poor choices in life even though her deceased parents had given her a way out of poverty.

A card she wasn't sure she needed due to how long she had been doing this in the first place, she wanted away from her past and had done so much work on herself to be able to stand on her own two feet.

All that wasn't about to be undone but the idea that she had that option relieved the stress on her shoulders.

"Good morning Carly, is Isabella in?" Ella asked to which Carly nodded with a bright smile

"She is but let me inform her that you are here," Carly was being professional but her aura was inviting.

"Thank you, Carly," Ella responded but she was nervous for some reason because this felt like a big step in the journey she was about to take.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 244 - 244: Cleopatra's Ties?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The morning began and everyone went about their day with Calista finally leaving Kyle and Aiysha alone.

She had things to attend to and these two would be alone eventually but there was something that was something happening between those two.

Jasmine was sleeping soon after, she needed all the rest she could have but Aiysha stayed behind to talk to Kyle.

They were seated across each other, careful to keep their distance as they filled the air with small talk.

"You said you wanted to talk to me," Kyle began the conversation.

"Yes, I do but I don't want you to take this the wrong way," Aiysha began and Kyle immediately caught on to what she wanted to say.

"It is fine…" Kyle said. If they were as transparent in that relationship as he thought then Jones must have told her what they discussed.

"I know my husband might have said some things that might have been misinterpreted but I wanted to make sure that you understood he didn't mean it literally," Aiysha said.

Kyle was getting drained by this couple, it felt like they were going around in a circle.

"Do you know what's funny?" Kyle asked, drawing Aiysha's attention.

"I don't think I want you as bad as your husband thinks… As bad as you think," Kyle added and Aiysha's ego shattered upon hearing those words.

They kept going on about him hooking up with her without ever wondering if Kyle wished to.

"I-I'm glad to hear that," Aiysha said but her voice cracked, she was astonished because of the way Kyle looked at her.

It reminded her of the time she was a fat woman with people looking at her.

It made her feel small even though this wasn't how Kyle intended it to be.

She knew what he meant but had gotten so used to everyone looking at her like they wanted to screw her brains out that she forgot how it was to be looked at like this.

It was easy for Kyle because he had the ability to mimic any character he had seen portrayed on screen and all he had to do was play the part of the cool disinterested character.

The erotic books that women seemed to be addicted to also seemed to have at least one of these characters and it spilt into the media.

Kyle realized how wonderful this skill was, it was a lot more handy than he thought because it allowed him to escape these sorts of interactions.

"Tasha, on the other hand, I think we will get along just fine," Kyle added and Aiysha wanted the ground to swallow her up as she felt the confidence she had used for years to build begin to crumble.

She built her body into a temple so she would never have to fight for the validation she starved of all her life and this should be good news as it would help establish healthy boundaries.

So why… Why did her heart clench at the mention of Tasha?

"So Aiysha, we're good. You and your husband have nothing to worry about," Kyle smiled, adding a faint smile.

-

Cleopatra wasn't sitting idle and knew she had to do something regarding all of this because there was no telling what could happen should things escalate.

She had the means to find out who Kyle was and did just that, there was no way he wouldn't exist in the system especially since he grew up in the system.

She gathered information rather fast showing that there was a level of wealth one would reach where the laws no longer applied.

One that even Nakamura was yet to reach but there remained an unanswered question.

That was how Kyle came about his wealth.

"Kyle, just who are you…" Cleopatra thought out loud but there was a man on his knees, sucking on her toes.

This was no doubt a humiliation ritual because Cleopatra was fully clothed and this man looked like he could be on the cover of Vogue's magazine.

"That is enough, you pig," Cleopatra said before kicking him hard across the force, sending the smaller man flying.

She knew that there was no way Kyle came about his wealth legally and these establishments of his that popped out of thin air were suspicious, to say the least.

She couldn't wrap her head around it but it was something that she knew she had to accept, the possibility that Kyle had acquaintances in the underworld.

This was a place no normal person could mingle in without selling a part of his soul but how did he get into contact with Ella and Jane?

She wasn't worried for her sister's sake, of course as this was solely personal.

However, she made progress in discovering who Kyle was and that had to do with his last family.

The only past family of his who remained in the country as the others had relocated.

The man she kicked was on his knees with his bloodied nose, the look in his eyes genuinely looked like he hated her but what was he doing here if this was the case?

It was simple, money. This was the power of money as it could make any situation possible.

Cleopatra looked at the man and he quickly looked away but all this elicited a smile from her.

"It looks like I still have to punish you…" She muttered under her breath and the man looked genuinely frightened.

There were chains and binds on the bed but this wasn't for pleasure, it looked like it was for torture.

"I-I'm sorry! I didn't mean to!" The man tried to plead his case but there was something strange about this entire situation.

If he didn't enjoy it, he could always walk which meant he couldn't even if he wanted to.

That was the case as this showed a glimpse of how sadistic Cleopatra was but not only that, it also showed that she might be associated with people from the underworld as well which wouldn't be a surprise.

If this was the case, Kyle had made an enemy he might not be able to defeat with his system and his skills alone.

You can't outrun a bullet, after all, you are no Barry Allen.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 245 - 245: The Meeting.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle knew it was time to take this to the next level, as there was no telling when it would end.

This was why he had made inquiries about purchasing a house. No, mansions.

Jasmine was left with Aiysha as Kyle went about his day, he didn't want her to see her brother just yet as he didn't know the dynamic of their relationship.

It could either make or break what he was trying to do but he couldn't babysit as he had a goal to achieve.

Kyle knew Nakamura was using him but there was no doubt their relationship was beneficial.

He set up a meeting that Nakamura immediately accepted because he understood that Kyle was a person whose limit was the sky.

Only a selected few could resist the offer but it showed that it wasn't money Kyle was after. He was far too ambitious to want something that mundane.

An ambitious man was the most dangerous person in the world because there was no telling what he was willing to do to achieve it.

They picked a secluded area that only the richest of the rich could afford which meant Kyle had made sure to tell Nakamura to keep his assistant away.

Whatever he wanted to discuss with him, he didn't want the information to reach any third party.

They met and Nakamura noticed something right away, it was the way Kyle carried himself.

He looked far more confident in how he carried himself.

Nakamura had a hidden smirk as he realized he wasn't wrong about this man and was glad he made contact with him when he did.

"Kyle, it is good to see you again," Nakamura greeted him, offering his hand for a handshake.

A gesture Kyle willingly returned.

He gave Nakamura a firm shake but it was clear he was dictating the course of their relationship going forward.

"Nakamura, I'm glad you honoured my request. Forgive my choice of meeting, I have heard wonders about this place and wished to see it for myself," Kyle was learning the etiquette of the elite.

"Wow, he has changed so much," Nakamura thought to himself or was he always like this?

"Now, for business… We have concluded the movie that tied us together and I'm certain you're aware of the attempted takeover of my Agency," Kyle began, not even waiting for a waitress to come over to their table to take their order.

He had no time to dilly dally and Nakamura couldn't contain his smile because this man reminded him of him when he was younger.

"The movie has indeed concluded but I believe we have discussed our future relationship, have we not?" Nakamura asked, pausing briefly to allow Kyle to digest what he had just said.

"... And I'm aware of the attempted takeoff-!" Nakamura was interrupted by Kyle, who called the attention of the waitress.

"Nakamura… I'm aware that you came to my Agency to give unsolicited advice to my CEO?" Kyle cut him short and Nakamura had no idea who he was talking to.

This wasn't the same person he spoke to just weeks back but maybe it was because Kyle no longer needed to impress him that his true colors were beginning to show.

"That is correct. I'm a businessman, I was simply protecting my interest," Nakamura responded but he could tell Kyle didn't like this with a single look.

"Don't do that again, understood?" This was all Kyle said and Nakamura could feel the power dynamic change.

There was no other answer he could give but to comply and that was exactly what he did.

Nakamura nodded like a good boy and Kyle gave him an approving smile.

"I'm glad we are on the same page but now I need your connections to know what it would take to buy out the Agency that attempted to buy mine," Kyle said.

Showing the waitress what he wants with Nakamura doing the same.

"The Gifted House is currently valued at approximately over $100,000,000,000 due to its heavy influence in some of the world's most renowned talents today," Nakamura said.

He expected Kyle to react to the value but he didn't.

"So if I was to offer them double that, do you think they would sell?" Kyle asked but this hypothetical situation sounded like he could make it a reality at the snap of his fingers.

"Owning 100% rights is almost impossible but you can buy the shares of the shareholders there," Nakamura advised but there was one thing he left out.

These people had protection and not from the police because when he became too big.

You attract unwanted attention so there had to be a mutual understanding between them and those that had the potential to disrupt their operations.

"Is that so?" Kyle asked, sounding almost sarcastic.

"That is so…" Nakamura responded.

"Are you telling me there is something that money cannot buy?" Kyle asked but he could tell Nakamura's mouth had become tighter which was unlike him.

He was keeping something away from him and Kyle didn't like that.

"Say, do you think Distort would be able to turn down such an offer?" Kyle asked, indirectly threatening him.

"You never know until you try," Nakamura didn't bulge because if there was anything he knew better than the back of his hand. It was a shit test.

"Nakamura, what do you know about the woman in the mask?" Kyle asked but he noticed something out of place.

It was just for a moment but Nakamura looked unsettled for a split second.

"I know there is nothing good that comes from her… And she takes her privacy very seriously," Nakamura responded, this sounded like a warning for Kyle not to dig further.

"Is that so?" Kyle responded with a chuckle to quickly dispel the building tension but Nakamura had on a straight face.

"This is not a joke, Kyle," Nakamura added because he knew that if Kyle became too curious.

It wasn't just him that his actions would affect.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 246 - 246: New Contact?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle had made his intention known, he had a life under his belt and learned the necessary means to defend himself against any potential threat.

He was done with Nakamura and was walking back to his car but Kyle's eyes were constantly looking around so he wouldn't be taken unaware.

Kyle knew he was becoming a big deal and it wouldn't be an exaggeration to think someone could put a hit out on him.

He entertained this possibility but the thought didn't cripple him with fear, quite the opposite.

This new world he was stepping into was dangerous and had no idea what kind of influence Cleopatra had but it was enough to frighten Nakamura.

This meant that whatever he found during his search was enough to instil the fear of God in him.

Kyle knew Cleopatra was dangerous, she had to be to maintain the wealth she possessed but how dangerous was she?

And how far was she willing to go with Ella getting a chunk of what their parents worked for, there was a high chance that she would begin to see her sister as an enemy.

And that would inevitably put Jane within firing range, something he couldn't let happen.

Kyle knew it might be time to speak to Cleopatra directly but he had no means to reach her.

Kyle drove to his establishment headed by Nate to see how it was going, it felt like it had been forever since he had seen the man who had become an important part of his plans.

Nate held it down and Kyle couldn't have asked for a better partner but it was too early to say where Nate's role would come to an end.

"Kyle! It has been ages!" Nate jumped off his feet but Kyle was surprised he was here.

He never came here without Nate being present begging the question if he was attending his classes.

Kyle had already granted him leave with full pay so he could treat this as a part-time job until he had the time to immerse himself in this line of work.

Nate had recruited an Onlyfan model and Kyle was curious to see how that would work out as it was a niche crowd she appealed to which meant there was potential for it to grow if exposed to a wider audience.

Men would do or entertain anything as long as it was presented erotically even though Kyle had his doubts.

"Nate, I'm glad you are. Things look like they are going well here," Kyle commended his friend.

Ever since getting the system, his life changed drastically to the point that it almost came to an end.

"What can I say? I like to get things done!" Nate was excited and Kyle could tell this wasn't an act either.

"Oh right, before I forget. There was someone that came looking for you not too long ago," Nate said before rummaging through his pockets.

Kyle stood there patiently, waiting for Nate to get whatever it was he was looking for.

"There you are…" Nate muttered under his breath before retrieving a business card.

Kyle collected it and stared at it for a couple of seconds but there was nothing on it.

Just a number and this put him on guard as he still had that warning ringing in his head so he had to be careful not to be caught up in anything that could implicate him.

"You say this came in this morning? Can you tell me what the person looked like?" Kyle questioned.

Nate placed his finger below his chin, trying his hardest to recall any information that might help Kyle but for some strange reason, the person had on a face mask.

That wasn't necessarily bizarre as there were people who wore them to protect against the environment and weather.

This could be the case and that was exactly what he told Kyle, the man who became not only his superior but friend.

"I see, thank you very much, Nate… I will check this out later, how is Kelly settling in?" Kyle asked about their latest investment.

There had to be some positive step in their business in terms of revenue even though he wished his system would grant him something that would allow him to earn passively.

This would encourage him to put up even more establishments and would reduce the pressure to spend on beautiful women as there would be other means to earn that money.

Kyle looked at the number in his hand before squeezing the card and tossing it away.

Nate noticed this but before they could go any further, Kelly walked in.

This was the first time Kyle was having a good look at her and if he was going to judge a book by its cover.

This was going to be one freaky book but Kyle could sense that Nate liked her enough to hire.

He would never have guessed that Nate was into such girls, to begin with.

"Not bad, Nate… Not bad," Kyle thought to himself, the girl tried to greet him but Kyle removed himself from their space.

He left Nate alone with her as he had no interest in getting to know her, he already had enough drama as it stood.

And the number he had was etched into his memory.

"What is his problem?" Kelly questioned, rolling her eyes as she thought he was looking down on her due to her line of work.

"Everything… That man is just amazing," Nate praised his boss but it was almost like he was talking to himself.

"Are you good, sweetheart? It sounds like you're in love," Kelly said to which Nate quickly snapped back. He had let his intrusive thoughts out in front of the baddie.

"Hahaha! Of course I do, he is my brother!" Nate doubled down, there was nothing to be ashamed of because this man changed his entire life.

But unknowingly, this made Kelly grow curious about the kind of person he was.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 247 - 247: Hello Kyle...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was making major moves, trying his best to tie up loose ends but something told him he was about to enter the darker part of this world.

Kyle was ready for this new phase of his life because it was necessary for him to conquer the dark side of the industry if he was going to accomplish his goals.

Kyle didn't waste time in calling the number given to him and it went straight to voicemail.

"Hm…" Kyle already left the building and was on his way to see Cassandra but he got the same feeling he did when Clarence was watching him.

Kyle wasn't going to make the same mistake as he entered his car right away but through his rearview mirror.

He could see a car parked right behind him, the car wasn't there when he got in, boxing him in.

Kyle knew he was in potential danger but had to remain calm in this situation as it had the potential to escalate.

Kyle remained in his car because there was a good chance others were lurking around.

He knew this was calculated and wasn't a random occurrence but remaining calm was the only thing he could do.

However, the car pulled away and drove off, leaving Kyle puzzled about what just happened.

"Am I overthinking it?" Kyle thought to himself.

That was likely the case as it was the only explanation but Kyle knew he couldn't become the strongest man in the world if he didn't tame the underworld in the process.

"This is going to get complicated…" Kyle muttered under his breath but before he could pull off the driveway, a knock on his door was heard.

"The fuck!?" Kyle muttered before turning his head towards the direction it came from, the fact that he couldn't see the person prior showed they knew the art of stealth because his attention was peaked.

Kyle had two options, he could leave this person in the dust and drive off but something told him this wouldn't be a good idea.

Kyle lowered his window but at this moment, he wondered why he had no weapon to defend himself against potential threats.

There wasn't much he could do if a gun was pulled on him and Kyle was beginning to understand this was going to happen a lot more often if he planned to dip his feet in that water.

"Can I help you with something?" Kyle questioned but the man in the black suit and shades simply gestured for him to unlock his door.

Kyle was skeptical because he looked like someone right out of a secret agent movie with the way he was dressed.

Kyle popped the door open and the man casually entered before opening a laptop, pointing it in Kyle's direction.

"Ummm… Hello to you too?" Kyle said but the man didn't say a word.

He noticed what was on the laptop screen, it was a call but Kyle wondered what happened to phone calls.

"This is a bit extra…" Kyle thought to himself but he knew it was connected to the card, if so, why didn't the person just call him back?

[[Hello Kyle, I have been wanting to meet you.]]

The voice greeted from the other end, the bass in his voice felt unnatural to the point that Kyle thought it was being altered.

Kyle didn't respond because he wasn't sure what this was and had his fill of bad misfortune to blindly leap into this.

[[I understand your hesitation but this is for my own safety/]]

The voice said but what did he mean by this? Why would he need protection when he was connected?

"Is that so? Who are you and what do you want from me?" Kyle got right to the point because he wasn't comfortable with this entire situation.

He assumed these were people from the Agency he attempted to buy but this was too sneaky to be that.

[[You will know who I am very soon but the question is… Do you understand that you're a man that have some powerful people's attention.]]

The voice said and all that came into his mind was Cleopatra, did she send this person?

Kyle knew he had to remain calm and not jump to any conclusion until there was definite proof.

"You're the one that sent the text…" Kyle said and there was a loud silence that followed.

[[You're perceptive, I give you that. But that isn't the purpose of this conversation.]]

"Get to it, I have things to do," Kyle responded right away. He needed to maintain his frame because if he faltered for even a second, it might be the end of him.

He had to give off the impression he wasn't to be messed with.

[[Impatient, are we?]]

Kyle knew he had to tread carefully because one wrong move could put whoever was on the line on the offensive.

The last thing he needed was enemies and also knew he needed allies, this couldn't have come at a more convenient time.

"I know I have gotten the attention of others due to my wealth but what of it?" Kyle responded, finally answering his question.

[[You do not exist in any database nor can we trace your bank account. The only people I know that go to such lengths are people with secrets to hide.]] The voice said at the other end.

"I see what this is… They want to see who is backing me," Kyle thought to himself.

"What can I say? I have powerful allies," Kyle responded but there was silence.

[[That is false… You have NO allies.]] The voice responded showing they had done thorough research.

[[... Unless you're talking about Jane, Ella, or Nate…]]

This was when Kyle's blood ran cold, whoever this person was had done their homework or they shouldn't know about these names.

"What do you want?" Kyle asked, showing willingness to negotiate.

[[I want us to meet.]] The voice said.

"Then why don't you come out here and say hello?" Kyle mocked, looking around but something soon invaded his nose.

[[Don't worry, I will bring you to me.]]

The voice responded and Kyle realized the man behind him had sprayed something that soon made him lose consciousness.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 248 - 248: A Glimpse Into The Underworld?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was knocked unconscious by whoever was in his car but the truth was, he wasn't oblivious to what could happen.

He had seen the Squid Games. This was sketchy, but even with that, he managed to hold his breath long enough and pretend to be passed out by pressing his face into the passenger seat he had collapsed in.

He did inhale the gas but it wasn't enough to knock him out, Kyle wanted to see who this person was and if it was something he needed to worry about.

He was on his guard but he had no means to defend himself should a gun be pulled on him. He had watched a few movies and self-defence but was it applicable in a real-life situation?

It was difficult to know if this was accurate but Kyle wasn't going to gamble his life on this.

They had moved his body to another car and drove off, Kyle memorized the turns and interval between those turns thanks to his Total Recall.

This allowed him to know where they were taking him even without his eyes, which was smart if he wanted to call for help.

The car came to a stop after a few hours and Kyle was certain they had taken him out of LA.

Kyle might have known the way but this was a place he had never been to.

"Stay still, Kyle…" Kyle thought to himself and the trunk of the car which he was dumped in opened.

They had placed a bag over his head so he couldn't see but once again, Kyle had to remain completely still or he risked giving himself away.

He was placed on something soft but Kyle realized they didn't bind him meaning they weren't treating him as a prisoner.

He heard distinctive whispers but they weren't audible due to the distance it echoed from.

"At least they are smart enough not to talk within my immediate vicinity," Kyle thought to himself.

He snuck a peek and noticed that he had been dropped in an apartment, not just any apartment, a fancy one at that.

Kyle quickly closed his eyes back and before he knew it, the door opened and just by listening to the footsteps, Kyle instantly knew this must be the boss.

"Huh? Is this him?" A voice asked but it was that of a woman however this wasn't the person who Kyle spoke to over the phone.

Kyle could feel her inch closer towards him until he eventually felt her breath brushing against his skin.

"Hm…" She muttered under her breath as she inspected him but the door opened once again and Kyle could feel the entire room atmosphere change the moment the figure entered.

The girl that was inches from his face backed away.

Kyle slowly opened his eyes, pretending to come to it and the man before him was covered from head to toe in tattoos but that wasn't his most intimidating feature.

It was the large scar above his right eye that alerted Kyle that whoever this was, he must have been through some hard times.

"Where am I?" This was the first question that came out of his mouth as this was a kidnapping.

There was no other way to phrase what these people had done as a crime after all.

"I apologize for my methods but rest assured, you're safe," The man's voice was exactly the same as it was over the laptop.

The room had a mini quake, to say the least but this allowed Kyle to relax because his body language supported this message.

"It is fine, I understand…" Kyle responded but why was he here?

"I know about your rise to power and I have to say, I'm surprised I am just hearing about you…" The man said before lighting a Cuban cigar between his thin lips.

"You smoke?" He asked Kyle, waiting to hand him a cigar but Kyle politely declined.

"I want to know who you work for, Kyle," The man got to the point but the tone in his voice told Kyle that all it would take to ruin this was one wrong answer.

"I have no affiliatio-!" Before Kyle could complete this sentence, an object was thrown in his direction but Kyle was prepared for this.

Not only was his physical body able to keep up thanks to all the exercise he had put his body through.

Kyle dodged the object at the last minute and it hooked right towards the couch he was sitting on.

Kyle immediately unhooked that same knife and attempted to throw it towards the person responsible, which was the girl who had invaded his personal space earlier.

But a gun was pulled on him, not just any gun, a golden Millikin Colt Dragoon Revolver that cost over $2,000,000.

"Don't mind my daughter, she is overzealous but you're in my home… Put that knife down or I will bury you," The man threatened with a smile but even his smile looked twisted.

Kyle felt his heart skip a beat, this man was the real deal, he was a real killer.

He spotted the daughter with a twisted smile on her face as if she was baiting him so her father would kill him.

"I was just returning it, I have no intention of spilling blood," Kyle said but the way he moved caught the man's attention.

This wasn't a regular rich kid or he wouldn't have such reflexes. Kyle noticed his body language shift ever so slightly, he was more on guard than a second ago.

"Now I understand how you killed Clarence," The man said and Kyle froze the moment he heard that as there was no reason for him to know that.

Kyle thought about playing dumb but it would give the wrong impression, there was no way he would make such a statement unless he had the evidence to back it up.

And Kyle knew if he denied it, it would give a bad first impression.

"You could say he stepped on the wrong foot. He might be alive if he stepped on the left one," Kyle responded, taking the situation lightly.

An awkward silence followed and the tension that followed was evident with the guards' hands on the hilt of their guns.

"GAHAHAHAHA!" The man laughed out loud. He was amazed by Kyle's composure despite the situation he found himself in.

But Kyle was beginning to realize this had nothing to do with Cleopatra or any of the theories he had drawn up.

This had to do with Clarence, this man must be associated with him in one form or another.

But it worried him he knew about Jane and Ella which means there was a good chance he knew why Clarence was killed.

Either way, Kyle had found a way to peek into the world of darkness.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 249 - 249: New Partnership With...!?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle knew nothing about these people yet they knew a lot more about him than he realized.

If things went wrong, Jane would be caught in the crossfire, and he couldn't afford that at that moment.

It would complicate things a lot more than needed, but his dodging the knife thrown at him seemed to impress this man.

The lady's attempt to make her father take his head had worked to his advantage.

"Are you the one who sent the text?" Kyle asked but the man raised a confused brow in response to this.

"A text?" He repeated but Kyle quickly brushed it off so as to not raise suspicion with a potential ally.

"Forget I said anything. You asked if I was working with anyone earlier. Do you want an honest answer?" Kyle questioned.

The way he composed himself despite a gun on the table right in front of him.

If that trigger was pulled, that would be the end of his life but Kyle was no longer frightened by this possibility because he had just demonstrated something that no one thought he had.

In all honesty, Kyle was surprised he could do that himself so it wasn't one-sided.

"Kyle, I want to offer you something…" The man said and Kyle leaned in to show he had his full attention.

"I'm listening," Kyle responded, the seriousness on his face showing he didn't take this lightly.

"I want you to work for me," The man offered but this was something that Kyle had vowed never to do.

He was never going to work under anyone ever again but there was a potential partnership here however Kyle needed to know the full scope of what this man had to offer.

The man brought out a suitcase and slid it across the table, Kyle was puzzled at this offer.

"What is this for?" Kyle questioned, visibly confused by this gesture.

"In there is $50,000,000 and all we require is using your strip club as a secondary outlet for our operations," This was all he said and something told Kyle he didn't want to be asked what they do.

However, they weren't the ones with the power, he had to remind himself of that.

"What is this operation?" Kyle asked but the man's eyes held no hesitation.

Unlike Nakamura, this mane exuded a completely different aura, one Kyle couldn't get a read on.

"A little trafficking, nothing serious," The man responded like he didn't just state one of the most common crimes currently plaguing the world.

"Sex trafficking?" Kyle repeated, pretending to be in thought and wearing his Godfather's face.

"Wait, this might be a good opportunity to…!" Kyle thought to himself before stretching out his hand.

"You have a deal but I have terms of my own," Kyle offered a counter.

"Is $50,000,000 not enough?" The man asked, clearly willing to add more if Kyle wasn't satisfied.

"I don't need money but there is something I want," Kyle responded.

He was careful not to accept anything that could tie him to these people even though it was in hard cash.

He knew that once he collected that money, there would be no going back as it would be equivalent to him selling his soul.

"State your price," The man said, puffing out smoke from his lips in the process.

Kyle looked over at the girl who attempted to trick him into being killed, he could always ask for her but in most Mafia movies he watched; the father had an unhealthy relationship with his daughter, spoiling her to a fault.

If these people were into sex trafficking, there was a way he could put a stop to this evil as he had direct connections to Priscilla.

However, there was a good chance that these men had people in there.

"I want a partnership," Kyle muttered and the man leaned back in his chair, clearly amused.

"Partnership? You want to be associated with this world?" The man questioned, letting out another huge gust of smoke.

"That is right and I want you to show me how it works," Kyle said as he had plans of his own.

"I need you to prove it to me," The man said and Kyle spotted a smirk from the corner of his eyes.

"Prove it to you? Should my cooperation to your operation not be enough?" Kyle questioned.

"Not even close. You're asking me to bring you in and I need to know you have the means to do what I would require of you," The man said sternly, looking Kyle right in the eyes.

Kyle could see it in his eyes, this man was the epitome of evil and Kyle couldn't comprehend why he was so scared.

"The fuck…!" Kyle thought to himself and had to second guess his decision to carry on with this.

However, this was something he would encounter frequently if he was serious about this.

"What do I need to do?" Kyle questioned. And without his skills, he would have been a hot mess but thanks to it, he was able to mask it.

The man looked over at the man who had knocked him out and without saying a word, he came towards Kyle and handed him a piece of paper.

Kyle took it and saw the contents within but all it contained was an address/

"I don't understand…" Kyle questioned however showing those skills he displayed earlier gave the false impression that he must be accustomed to such a life for such skills to manifest.

Clarence was once an ally to this man but gone against his wishes and this was why he didn't take it personally that Kyle had killed him despite the influence and finances to hire one that specializes in this.

"You will once you do. I need you to understand what you're asking for," The man said however Kyle didn't even know his name.

They had spoken for quite some time and this man had controlled the tempo of the entire conversation.

"Before I do, tell me your name," Kyle asked and the man slung back in his chair.

And words that came out of his mouth left Kyle's mouth wide open.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 250 - 250: Maybe I Need To Get Laid?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle accepted this man's offer and decided to visit the address but not empty-handed.

He was tempted to ask Priscilla to accompany him but she wasn't a friendly person and if she found out he was involved with anything illegal, there was no doubt she would carry out her job.

This was what he discovered about her, she didn't take crime on any level lightly.

Kyle knew he needed the police on his side but also some dark forces because there was only so much the police could do.

He wasn't going to go empty-handed either, Kyle went back home to get ready, wearing a hoodie that covered his head, concealing his entire appearance.

Kyle also wanted to check in with Jasmine, she lived on the street so something told him she would be fine staying at his home alone.

And the moment he entered his home, he saw Jasmine sleeping on the couch but the shower was running in the bathroom.

Kyle raised his eyebrow in suspicion because come to think of it, Jasmine would let anyone in without hesitation.

Kyle was already paranoid as it was and knew he had to be careful or Jasmine could become a bargaining chip.

Not that he should care but Kyle wouldn't be able to live with himself if something happened to her because of him.

He didn't make a sound and opened the bathroom door, it could be one of his ladies as well so there was another possibility.

Kyle looked in and his body instantly relaxed because it was Jane, she had arrived after Calista left which also made things easier.

"Who is there!?" Jane screamed but had soap in her eyes so she couldn't see but Kyle didn't give a verbal response.

He watched as she desperately tried to get the soap out of her eyes and realized she had no survival skills.

If he was an intruder, this would have been the end of her but it was to be expected considering her limited exposure to such a thing.

Kyle smiled and noticed it was only a matter of time before she wiped the soap from her eyes so he lunged at her.

He had no idea why but this was a perfect opportunity to test how she would react should a situation like this present itself.

He grabbed her from behind and Jane instantly relaxed the moment she felt his physique pressed against her.

"Kyle?" she muttered, and this caught Kyle off guard, as she could recognize him by his body.

However, it wasn't something he didn't consider; this was his home, after all, so who else would be doing this?

If anything, Jane was the one being dramatic and her nervousness wasn't because she thought it was an intruder.

But the superstition that someone was coming to get her the moment her eyes were closed and with Jasmine just being put on the bed, it was impossible that this would be her.

"Hey, you…" Kyle whispered into her ear and Jane instantly flushed because he caught her amid her shower.

Despite Kyle seeing her naked already, this setting made her feel embarrassed for some reason.

"Y-You are back!?" Jane questioned but Kyle didn't say another word, it had been a while since he had seen her.

She felt his hand crawl up her body and realized that he wanted to have his way with her right here and now.

Jane was in the middle of washing up so she felt somewhat dirty yet Kyle didn't care.

He cupped her breasts in his hand and began to twirl his fingers around her nipples.

"K-Kyle…! I-I am dirty~!" Jane tried to resist but her body responded to Kyle despite her wishes to hold on.

She didn't know why she had no control over herself when he was there but it must be because he was her first.

"You don't want me?" Kyle pretended to be sad and Jane's face instantly looked worried.

"No! That is not what I mean ~!" Jane bit her lower lips because Kyle's finger had slid between her legs, running along her slit.

"I'm glad…" Kyle said but was surprised by how aroused she was considering it had only been mere seconds since his hands touched her body.

But this made it easier for his fingers to slide in and out of her with little to no problems.

"I-I'm going to…!~" Jane whimpered before her legs shook aggressively, drenching Kyle's fingers in her juices as she had an orgasm within seconds.

"That was fast…" Kyle whispered in her ear and this made her feel like a pervert.

She tried to clasp her thighs and legs shut but couldn't. She wanted it.

But this was the beginning of a long day for Jane as she was becoming more sexual.

-

Ella was with her bandmates, they were talking about the potential shows that they could go on, and some were even talking about going on tours.

Ella noticed that they were becoming money-driven but that was expected as that was how a band measures success.

All the great rock stars had the fame and wealth that came with their spotlight.

Ella blanked out during most of the conversation until it ultimately came to an end.

Ella went out to get something to eat but realized she had little to nothing going on outside of her work.

She knew that if everything came crashing down, there would be nothing to return to but her old life.

And it has been ages since she had gotten laid, she wasn't getting any younger and knew once her career kicked off.

The chances of finding a man who didn't just want to benefit from being in the spotlight would decrease but this was a chance she had to take.

"Man, fuck my life…" Ella muttered under her breath but this was one of those things which was outside of her control.

"You and me both," The person sitting beside her replied. Ella turned to see a man who was easily above 6' 6.

"Maybe I need this…" Ella thought to herself and right after, introduced herself to this mystery man.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 251 - 251: The Truth And Nothing But The Truth!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was done with Jane shortly after but slowly realized he couldn't bring this home to her.

He needed to get her somewhere safe

"Are you okay? You seem distracted…" Jane said, cuddled up in bed.

"I'm okay… I think," Kyle responded and for the first time, Jane saw his true face.

"But I don't want to talk about it. At least not now," Kyle responded.

He knew he might need to end things with her to protect her from whoever was watching her.

If he severed all connections, then they wouldn't be able to use her as leverage.

He also thought about hiring bodyguards but they wouldn't put their lives on the line.

No pay was worth that much unless they were military-trained or veterans, but even with that, uncertainty remained.

"Okay, but you can talk to me about anything…" Jane said, hesitant.

"Anything?" Kyle responded to which Jane nodded. Kyle was her first and she had given him the power to destroy her.

She wasn't scared because even if this ended, she knew she wouldn't be able to hate him.

He had not only done so much for her but for Ella as well. For that, she would always be grateful regardless of the outcome.

"Yes… Including…" Jane stopped, realizing she might have crossed a line.

"Including…?" Kyle repeated, stopping himself from completing the sentence.

"O-Other women…" Jane muttered but Kyle didn't act surprised. It was about time she brought this up.

There was no way she wouldn't have caught on eventually and all Kyle did was sigh.

Jane was scared she had ruined the moment but Kyle wasn't going to lie anymore.

"I see…" Kyle responded.

"Y-You don't have to if you don't want to!" Jane responded, the urgency in her voice conveying her desperation.

"No, I want to. I think it is about time you know," Kyle responded and Jane felt her heart drop.

Part of her was hoping he would deny it but even she knew that would be him lying.

"I take it you have met Calista, haven't you?" Kyle questioned to which Jane nodded to confirm this.

"I met her before I did you and we have something going on as you must have guessed," Kyle said and for some reason, Jane wasn't as upset as she thought she would be.

Why? Because he met her before he did her which meant that Kyle had chosen her over someone so beautiful which only served to boost her self-esteem.

"However, you have nothing to worry about," Kyle said, pausing as he looked him right in the eyes.

"A-Are you still sleeping with her?" Jane asked, clutching the short gown she had on.

"Yes, I am," Kyle responded without hesitation.

"O-Oh, I see," Jane responded, attempting to avert her gaze but Kyle redirected her face to his.

He knew it was up to her to stay or leave but deep down, he knew leaving would be best for her but what would happen to the feelings he had for her?

"Maybe this is me being selfish but you're the only woman in my heart. I don't just want your body, I want your mind and soul," Kyle tried his best to reassure.

"But this isn't up to me, it is up to you to choose if you wish to stay or not," Kyle gave her the power to choose.

"W-Why do you still sleep with her when you have me?" Jane asked.

Kyle knew this was a delicate topic and owed her honesty at the end of the day.

He had feelings for Jane and she remained the one person he wanted to keep but if the truth meant he lost her. He would be glad he told her nonetheless.

"There are things I wish to do but I cannot do them with you because I respect you too much. This is why," Kyle responded.

This didn't excuse his behaviour considering Jane thought they were getting closer to a relationship.

"T-Things like…?" Jane asked and Kyle knew Jane wasn't about that life and the last thing he would want is her forcing herself to fit that.

That was why multiple women existed. If one couldn't fulfil his need, others could.

And if Kyle wasn't able to satisfy their need, he would understand if they chose others to satisfy it.

However, Kyle satisfied every need they had. Not a lot of men could handle the financial burden that came with multiple women.

Heck, most men can't handle one which made it harder for them to find someone like Kyle.

This gave Kyle certain privileges the average man didn't have.

"I want you to think it over. If this is something you can or can't handle. I would like you all to get along," Kyle said. Before Jane could respond.

Kyle placed a finger across her lips to stop her from speaking because he didn't want an answer right now.

No, he wanted her to think about it and left the house soon after to undertake the task given to him by that strange man but not before checking on Jasmine.

She was busy with one of the numerous games he had on his consoles even though they weren't age-appropriate. At least not all.

Kyle knew that this was going to be dangerous but this was the consequence that came with the life he chose.

He ran into Jones in the hallway, things were still awkward between them, even more so since he discussed letting Kyle have sex with his wife if he wished to.

"Hey buddy," Kyle broke the ice and Jones looked relieved he did because he didn't know how to otherwise.

"Hey Kyle, you look great man," Jones responded with a smile.

"I would hope so with the day I have planned," Kyle chuckled.

"You and I both…" Jones responded, already sighing.

"I never said you looked good," Kyle responded and this caused Jones to laugh out loud.

They were getting along but this was partly because Kyle didn't hold him to it.

Kyle understood the situation best but this was the least of his problems.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 252 - 252: Vein Of The City
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was on his way to his primary assignment and something told him he was being watched.

If the person who had sent him that message wasn't the man he met then there was a good chance there was someone else in the picture.

He wasn't sure who but either way, that person seemed to want to help him or at least this was what he concluded.

Kyle arrived at his destination but he wasn't foolish enough to use his original car and opted to rent one from a nearby car dealer.

There was no way they would refuse him due to the amount he offered. He paid enough to buy it three times over, but this was why they allowed him to skip the necessary paperwork.

What was the saying about money? What money cannot do, more money would do it.

Kyle parked the car and tried his best to control his breathing, he knew this might escalate into a life-or-death scenario.

This was something he already had experience with and wasn't too eager to relive it either.

He noticed someone come out of the warehouse, he had on gloves one would see in a hospital.

"Please God, don't tell me they are harvesting organs…" This was the only thought in his head but who could blame him?

This was the mafia you were talking about, there couldn't be anything good that comes from them.

Kyle got out of the car and waved the man down in the distance.

He had to be confident and if they were expecting him, he was safe for now.

The guy he waved down approached him.

Kyle knew he had to find a means to protect himself and that would be getting a gun.

But if he came here and they frisked him, it would give the wrong impression.

"Are you the one the boss sent?" The man asked, he had a cigarette between his lips.

No, that wasn't a cigarette, the smell was something different.

"I wouldn't be here otherwise, would I?" Kyle responded, looking him right in his eyes.

They were bloodshot and his pupils looked dilated but Kyle wasn't going to look away.

Why? He had many characters he could draw from to pass himself off as a killer.

The man couldn't hold Kyle's gaze and instantly looked away the moment Kyle assumed character.

He wouldn't have gotten this far if he didn't have this skill and would have most likely gotten killed by the Mafia boss.

"My bad man, follow me," The man conceded because the idea was a rich boy couldn't be about this life so intimidating him a little would scare him straight.

However, this wasn't the case.

Kyle was led into the warehouse expecting to see a dissected human being on the table or multiple children in cages.

But to his utmost surprise, this wasn't the case.

Kyle saw a bunch of animals being…treated.

"What is going on here?" Kyle muttered.

The man beside him noticed his surprise and couldn't blame him.

This was his exact reaction when he first started but it also showed a glimpse of the humanity Kyle had tried to hide.

"What does it look like? It is a shelter for wounded animals," The man responded but there had to be something they weren't telling him.

Kyle walked around for a second and it didn't take him long to figure out what was really going on here.

There were bags of white substance and Kyle instantly realized this must be a means of smuggling drugs.

It was a genius idea in retrospect because this generation had a fascination with animal rights.

What better way to travel under the radar than to "help" animals?

This meant the people buying must have bought the animals and opened them up to retrieve the drugs so what happened to the animal?

Kyle felt disgusted but how fast he put the pieces together was nothing short of impressive.

He had connected the dots and instantly wished to put an end to it.

"The animals were abandoned, destined to die… We treat them and wait for them to heal before transporting them to our clients. I know what you're thinking but the boss isn't a monster," The man said and Kyle looked at him with interest, waiting to hear what he had to say.

"The animals are treated well but what happens to the animals after they are removed?" The man said, pausing to face Kyle.

"They are treated and kept by the clients, and would be sent to us anytime they want to buy more and the boss adds a bonus depending on how well the dogs were taken care of," He pointed out but what if they wanted to buy in packs?

There was only so much an animal could handle without it impacting their health.

This was inhumane, no doubt but there are not enough animal shelters to care for every abandoned animal in the world.

If it wasn't possible, there would no doubt be animals that suffer at the hands of humanity's cruelty.

This man must have brought Kyle here to show what kind of person he was.

He might be a criminal but he was one with conscience.

But this was one of many distribution methods used by them as they also used the traditional method however at an additional cost.

This was a strange method but it must have been effective because none of these dogs looked like they were in distress.

If anything, they looked happy and this was enough for Kyle.

"What do you need me to do?" Kyle asked but the man was confused.

"We need you to act as our gateway to get this into the heart of the industry," The man said and Kyle instantly knew whatever they were peddling wasn't something as simple as cocaine because the industry had enough of this.

So it must be a new drug; they wanted Kyle to be the one to put the syringe in their veins.

But would Kyle be willing to go this far for the sake of his goals?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 253 - 253: Man From The Past.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Priscilla was doing her job but there was something she couldn't shake off.

Kyle was a strange man but there had to be a reason he was doing all of this and it wasn't because he was a good person.

Priscilla knew she couldn't run it through Oliver because he would just tell her she was overthinking things.

But there was one thing Priscilla trusted above all else and that was her guts.

Kyle was not as innocent as he gave off because Priscilla was aware he was trying to sway their opinion in his favour.

She had started her investigation to find out who Kyle was but he wasn't in the system.

Priscilla was also suspicious because he had killed someone skilled.

There was no way he would have caught Clarence blindsided or caught him off guard with no training.

And that was what was suspicious because there was nothing about him serving in the military or having such training.

If anything, this man was a master at covering his tracks.

Kyle must have thought he was a master of deception but Priscilla was onto him like flies on shit.

Her phone rang shortly after, in the middle of her investigation and it was none other than the person she was investigating.

"Kyle…?" Priscilla thought. It had been a while since they last communicated so this was a bit out of the blue as she had no pending business with him except for the case with the judge since there was nothing new to report– there was no need for this.

Priscilla picked up the phone but there was something she was doing that Kyle wasn't aware of.

She was recording their conversations which she went over at a later time to take note of any inconsistencies he must have said but there were none.

Kyle never slipped up even once which was impressive as she began the process before picking the phone up.

"Is there something I can do for you?" Priscilla questioned the moment she picked up the phone.

[[Damn, is that how you speak to everyone?]]

Kyle fired back immediately, getting tired of how cold she was because she wasn't the only one capable of being rude.

"Kyle, I'm busy," Priscilla responded but Kyle wasn't going to back down.

[[Hey, you know my name… That is progress!]]

Kyle sounded excited for a minute but this was all a show, Kyle was a man with infinite faces.

He could draw on the face of anyone he wanted to and adopt their character to perfection.

Priscilla sighed out loud before looking at her computer screen and knew this was an opportunity.

She wasted no time and started to trace his location to see where he was calling her from, this wasn't ethical but this was what made her such a good cop.

She trusted her instincts and followed them through until they were confirmed.

"Do you have any news for me?" Priscilla questioned but Kyle kept quiet on the other end.

Prsicilla needed him on the phone a little longer to pinpoint his location but to her utmost surprise, Kyle hung up.

"Huh?" Priscilla thought.

-

"That is weird, I could swear I had more power…" Kyle mumbled to himself, he had left the warehouse and wanted to find out what was going on with the investigation regarding the judge.

Or was that it, did Kyle have any intention of telling her the Mafia planned on moving into the entertainment industry with a new drug that couldn't be good news?

Kyle found himself in the middle of a very complex situation and there was only one person he knew who had some sort of links to this lifestyle and that was Ella.

Kyle wanted to ask her questions to see if she knew anything about this new drug but the chances she could relapse were too great a risk.

But this was where trust had a role to play, Kyle had to gamble, he couldn't play it safe.

First thing was first, he needed to find somewhere to power his phone.

Kyle walked into a nearby shop to plug his phone, the person tried to give him lips but there was nothing money couldn't do.

Kyle was charging his phone until he heard a familiar voice, it was the voice of the man that ruined his life or rather, a police officer.

Kyle looked up, hoping his ears were deceiving him but there was no way his eyes were.

"This is…!" Kyle thought to himself because this was no doubt the man Calista had brought to the shop.

He didn't even register Kyle's presence but Kyle noticed he didn't look too good, not that this was his problem.

The man walked out the store and Kyle looked at the cashier.

"I will be right back," Kyle reassured him. The boy nodded because he knew this was a chance to get even more money.

This was enough motivation to keep Kyle's phone safe, this was the advantage of not having a face all over the internet.

Kyle tracked this man down, following him from behind but the man noticed him shortly after.

He turned around and looked at Kyle with a raised brow.

"I-I know you…" The man blurted out but Kyle chuckled at this.

"Of course you should. You ruined my life after all," Kyle responded and the man began to run right away upon confirmation.

Kyle was confused why he was running but it hit him a second later how this must have looked.

"OH! I'M NOT HERE TO HARM YOU! WAIT UP YOU BUFFOON!" Kyle screamed at the man before giving chase.

"WHY THE HELL ARE YOU RUNNING!? AREN'T YOU A COP!?" Kyle added and the man stopped shortly after.

"T-That is right, I am and I have to ask you to stop following me or I will have to use force!" The man screamed.

"Did you just forget you were a cop?" Kyle asked him and an awkward silence followed.

And before he could say another word, the man took off again.

"For fuck's sake!" Kyle cussed before running after him once more.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 254 - 254: Blast From The...!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Cassandra was facing her problems and couldn't believe things had gotten this way, she was supposed to be scared yet here she was, doing her hair to look pretty.

She stared at herself in the mirror and the anxiousness in her heart was no more.

She wondered who Kyle was with, he was a young, attractive man and knew he must be with one of the other ladies he had on his roster.

She didn't even mind and wished they could all get along because this life was lonely. Cassandra had no friends and no one to talk to regarding these things.

She was an older woman and knew younger women wouldn't like the idea of sharing their man. If Kyle was the factor, she could understand as he was an extraordinary man.

Cassandra checked her message thread with Kyle to reread each one carefully to study if he was losing interest in her.

However, she easily got engrossed in it because there were some naughty texts mixed in.

Subtle flirts she had missed when she initially read the message but having a second read only gave her secondhand embarrassment.

Cassandra worried her life was drab and couldn't get any more exciting but this emotional roller coaster Kyle had her on made her heart pound just like when she had her first crush.

She was a grown woman for crying out loud, so why was a man younger than her making her feel this way?

She kept going up and saw a picture Kyle had sent her, it was a simple picture of his face but it made her flush.

She wished Kyle was here but understood he needed to work to maintain his wealth, but that didn't mean she couldn't feel what she felt.

She had a trial tomorrow, the one thing that would conclude everything, but why wasn't she a nervous wreck?

The answer was Kyle and unlike Calista, Cassandra's thoughts were a lot less perverted and bordered on security more than anything else.

She didn't hate her ex-husband, she was indifferent towards him which meant he occupied no parts of her any longer.

For if one hates a person, it means they still lingered in their hate just as they would if they were loved.

But indifference was the death of any emotion in place of said person and Cassandra had reached that stage.

The only thing she cared about was her child and recently, Kyle who came in the guise of her savior.

Cassandra walked out of the house, she was thinking about employment because she couldn't be left at the mercy of another man.

She trusted Kyle but once upon a time, she trusted Justin, so today might be certain but there was no telling how tomorrow would be.

She had to be prepared for that uncertainty regardless of how unlikely it might be.

Cassandra found a strange text she was yet to respond to, it was from an unsaved number.

"This is strange…" Cassandra thought to herself right before opening it, it was a greeting but she was called a name she hadn't heard in ages.

"'Sandra…" Cassandra muttered under her breath. The only people that called her that were her friends from high school but she had long since lost contact with them.

This made her curious who was at the other end of the phone and quickly responded right back.

This message was over a week old already and it wasn't her intention to leave it unread for this long.

She hoped the person would understand it wasn't intentional but to her utmost surprise, her message was read right away.

[[I'm surprised you responded! It is me, Dexter. I wasn't sure if you were still using this number but decided to give it a go!]] the message read.

She knew that name, it sounded familiar but couldn't pinpoint how or when.

"Dexter… Dexter…" she repeated under her breath but realized it was someone she went to prom with.

Dexter was a strange boy, he was socially awkward but he was a sweet boy that couldn't hurt a fly, but that didn't mean flies couldn't hurt you in return.

He was the object of bullying but eventually bloomed in college, he became a top-tier athlete and his physique evolved to something no one could have guessed.

He focused on his body because his looks didn't do him justice, at least until puberty.

The boy grew into one of the most renowned quarterbacks but he kind of vanished soon after his career began, or at least, this was what Cassandra thought as she never was a fan of football."Why is he texting me?" Cassandra questioned, rightfully confused by this and initially thought it was a ploy by Justin to unnerve her.

However, Dexter didn't like Justin so there was no way this could work and considering his status, there was no way he would do something this pathetic.

Dexter always had a thing for Cassandra right from high school because she treated him right before puberty did its work, he was a late bloomer and even after he did, Cassandra didn't suddenly become money hungry.

[[I'm in town and was hoping we could meet for coffee. I know you're married but what is better than catching up with an old friend?]] Dexter acknowledged her marriage and this was indirectly him telling her he was going to respect the boundaries that came with such a commitment.

Cassandra had a decision to make but there was one thing she knew Kyle wouldn't mind and that was her keeping up with old friends.

"I will like that," Cassandra mouthed her response as she typed it down before hitting send.

She omitted the part about her divorce or this might give him the wrong impression.

If anything, it would be better if he thought she was married and Cassandra was experienced enough to know how to not throw a man a bone.

It would do her some good to get out of the house as well.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 255 - 255: Coincidence?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle couldn't believe how silly this man was, he had an imposing aura the last time they met but if he was this kind of person then how did he get scammed?

Kyle wondered how such a way of life was effective, but scammers must have some kind of success rate or they wouldn't still be in the business, would they?

He wasn't going to push his luck and knew not to follow him too deep, otherwise it could easily turn into an ambush.

Kyle already had one bad experience with an ambush that nearly claimed his life, he wasn't going to fall for that a second time.

Fool me once, shame on me, fool me twice, shame on you.

But he didn't have to wait for long because the man ran out of breath shortly after, he wasn't in peak physical condition

."H-Hey! I don't want any trouble, man," the man was breathing heavily, barely able to get his words together, but Kyle didn't suffer the same exhaustion.

"Then why did you run!?" Kyle fired back at him because all of this could have been avoided if he just listened. This was unnecessary but here they were, however Kyle had no intention of harming him.

He wasn't a thug or criminal; besides, he had way too much to lose unlike this man."Because you looked angry…" the man responded, which prompted Kyle to sigh."I don't care what you did. And from the looks of it, you aren't doing so good yourself," Kyle pointed out.He could smell the stench of alcohol linger in the air, no one who was well put together would do such a thing.

"You don't? Why didn't you just say that!?" the man shouted at Kyle.

It took everything in Kyle not to crash out because this had to be ragebait. He took a deep breath to compose himself before attempting any sort of response. Calista hired him for the shakedown but it was illegal impersonating a cop, that would do you some solid years in prison should Kyle decide to turn him in.

"What do you want?" the man asked, but he wasn't aware Kyle wasn't some broke cashier barely making ends meet.

This was why he ran, a man with nothing to lose is the worst kind to have as an enemy.

"How did you do it?" Kyle asked but the man raised a brow, confused as to what he was asking.

"How did I do what?" he repeated after Kyle. Kyle didn't know this man had made contact with Jones and even tried to scam him.

Maybe this interaction would have gone differently if he did but he was oblivious to that information.

"The video, how did you make it?" Kyle added more context and the man sighed."Look pal, I'm not taking underlings…" the man shut him down right away.

"Underlings?" Kyle repeated with a raised brow, he didn't know if he should feel insulted or otherwise."I need your service…" Kyle said but the man looked at him from head to toe and only then did he notice a few differences compared to the last time they met.

The man was a coward when he wasn't taking up a scam and Kyle was disappointed by him.

This was a chanced meeting and Kyle wouldn't have minded not meeting him but he was the one behind that video.

Calista couldn't have done it herself after all but there were ways she could freelance it.

Kyle hoped he could replicate some of that magic and if anything, retain him. Kyle needed all the help he could get but this man was sloppy.

But Kyle knew he could polish him and help him set up measures that would be useful in the future. AI has been a controversial topic for quite some time but even those that condemn it still make use of it as long as it didn't threaten their livelihood.

There was no doubt, AI is the future and Kyle knew he had to get his foot in at the genesis.

There was no one that wasn't useful in this world and Kyle was trying his best to draw from everyone."You cannot afford me, pa-!" the man was cut short as Kyle brought out a bundle of cash.

The man's jaw literally dropped because there was no way a cashier could have this kind of money sitting around.

He began to glance around desperately like this was some kind of setup but no one was paying any attention to them.

"There is plenty more where that came from, now follow me," Kyle turned around without saying another word believing that would be enough to convince the man .And he was right.

-

Ella met with a complete stranger and hooked up or at least tried to but couldn't because the man finished shortly.

One would think an athletic build would increase his stamina but that wasn't the case and the fact he had protection on was even more embarrassing.

Ella raised her hand and gave the man a high five, at least he seemed to think he did a decent job but he was too embarrassed to even meet her gaze.

She couldn't make it past foreplay but a thought snuck into her head despite her not thinking about it or having any prior interest in it.Kyle's length, how hard his boners were and the way it pushed into her stomach.

With that size, she would be feeling it deep in her guts but this was unfamiliar territory

.One she had no interest in staying in as she quickly got the thought out of her mind.

She sighed and realized she might have to wait even longer to get laid but this was a compliment to her as it showed she still had it.

If a man could finish from foreplay, it showed her charms were still in full effect but Ella was glad he didn't have the stamina to make it through.

She was certain she would have regretted it and there was only so much guilt her body could hold."Sighs, that was a waste of time," she muttered under her breath but she planned to enjoy the room she had paid for a little longer.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 256 - 256: New Hire?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jane didn't know what to do with Jasmine because she had never taken care of a child before, but Jasmine was looking after herself.

However, Jane knew that this kid must have been through something traumatic—it wasn't hard to tell with a single look after all.

Those were not the eyes a child should have, but Jane also knew a child was fragile. She couldn't trigger her fight-or-flight response.

This was why she treated Jasmine as she would any other child, but Jasmine wasn't responding like a normal child would.

"I want to see brother," Jasmine muttered, pouting as she wasn't responding to Jane or her instructions.

This was the first glimpse of Jasmine as a child, as she wouldn't always be agreeable, but Jane knew it was important to remain calm.

She couldn't show Jasmine she was getting to her either, and this was why raising a kid wasn't for the weak.

It rewired your brain and everything you thought you knew—they would show you it is a lot easier to apply it in theory rather than reality.

"Your brother? You mean Kyle?" Jane questioned. She was in the dark here and knew nothing of the current situation.

However, she trusted Kyle enough to follow his lead without asking questions.

"Kyle is not my brother… My brother is being fixed in the hospital," Jasmine responded like she was talking about a doll.

"Fixed?" Jane thought to herself. It took her a second to realize what the kid was talking about.

"Oh! You mean your brother is in the hospital. Do you know the name?" Jane asked but was met with silence.

"I-I don't," Jasmine pouted. She looked sad, and Jane realized she was just missing her brother—but more so, she understood why she was living with Kyle, to begin with.

-

The man was in the hospital, but he was awake despite the concussion he suffered.

He was confused, but who could blame him? There was no way someone like him would end up here if he wasn't brought here.

The problem was that he had no recollection of the events that ultimately concluded in this.

He studied the room for a brief moment, but the light was too bright—he still had residue of the drugs in his system.

"W-WHERE AM I!?" he screamed at the top of his lungs, not caring who he disturbed or made uncomfortable.

One would think his sister would have been the first thing on his mind, but Jasmine didn't cross his mind—at least not yet.

"I see, you're awake," a voice said from the corner of the room, seated in his blind spot.

a spot he missed when he was sweeping the room with his eyes.

It was that of a lady, but it wasn't anyone he recognized. The man almost jolted from his bed as he looked over his shoulder and saw a police officer seated there.

"What the fuck do you want!?" the man barked, and that alone told Priscilla about his relationship with cops, but she didn't care.

"I'm just here to ask you some questions…" Priscilla wasn't one to be triggered by words and addressed him as she would anyone else.

This helped her, as her emotions remained neutral during these interactions.

However, the man realized his sister was nowhere to be found, and this made him go into a manic episode.

He began thrashing around, ripping the IVs right from his veins, but Priscilla just looked at him, unbothered.

"I would advise against that…" This was all she said, but the man wasn't going to listen to her because his brain registered her as a threat.

He knew he was a junkie and understood he had illegal drugs running through his veins.

The police must have been called by the hospital to arrest him and take him away from his sister.

This was something he couldn't afford because in the end, she was his sister, and he knew what would happen if she was left alone.

"W-WHERE IS MY SISTER!?" he shouted, but Priscilla didn't respond and just stared.

The man charged at her, and in the blink of an eye, he was pinned to the ground with his arms bent awkwardly, putting him in pain.

He tried to struggle, but that only caused more pain, and Priscilla took a deep breath.

"You need to calm down." This was all she said, but this was a glimpse of her fighting process.

At that moment, Oliver walked into the room with two cups of coffee, but the moment he assessed the situation,

he went into panic mode as the coffee slipped through his fingers. With this, his gun left its holster because he had no idea what was going on, but he also knew Priscilla must be justified in whatever it was she was doing.

And without a second thought, he looked to secure the room, making sure they were the only ones in it.

"What is going on!?" Oliver asked, but Priscilla wondered why men were so over the top. Why was he reacting this way when she had it under control?

"He attacked me," Priscilla said. The man stopped resisting upon realizing there was no escape from this situation.

Priscilla was small, so he assumed she was weak and easy to overwhelm, but this outcome told him otherwise.

"A-Attacked you? Why?" Oliver asked as he put his weapon away. Priscilla got up with the man.

However, his hand was still held in place by her, but she hadn't restrained him.

"I'm not here for you," Priscilla told the man, trying her best to articulate her thoughts in a way that wouldn't set him off.

But before she could reveal why she was there, the nurses rushed in to see what the commotion was about.

The truth was, Priscilla knew there was a lot more to this story, but what was most important was why Kyle found himself in this situation.

There was no way this was a beating that wasn't personal, considering the state of his face—so what made Kyle snap to inflict this much damage?

Oliver could tell Priscilla was in one of her moods and understood right away she must have had a hunch.

-

Kyle had learned what he needed to from this man and understood right away the power of AI.

The man was shocked by how quickly Kyle understood it—he only had to explain it once.

It was either Kyle was a genius, or he had no idea what he was talking about.

Either way, he didn't care because Kyle had paid him for this quick summary.

"Interesting… and you can make any scenario you wish to make?" Kyle questioned, to which the man nodded.

Kyle couldn't believe he hadn't paid closer attention before, but what was the point, considering he was on the verge of ending it all?

He didn't care enough to fight it because he was sane enough to know none of that happened, and money was what the world listened to.

No one cared if you were innocent because you needed money to prove that innocence.

"That is correct," the man responded. He had made more from Kyle than he had from any of his previous clients.

And the fact that Kyle wanted to learn how it works also gave him a sense of pride—but how could he get more money from this situation?

This world was filled with opportunists, and this man was no different. But Kyle didn't care because his money was infinite.

"How about a job?" Kyle asked the man. This caught him off guard because this was a literal crime.

And if Kyle somehow worked with him, then there was no way he wouldn't be associated with him should it come to light what he did.

This was a risk on Kyle's part because he had everything to lose, but the vision he saw was worth every sacrifice.

Kyle wanted him to train a team that could acquire this skill—not to outsource it, but to use it strictly for Kyle and his agency.

Did Kyle have malicious plans? No, at least not on the surface, because if this went well, it would serve as an avenue.

However, there were others in the market that Kyle could hire.

But this man had corruptible morals, hence he would have no problem getting his hands dirty because he would feel indebted to Kyle either way.

And it would be easy for Kyle to deny any knowledge of his past.

However, this was something he was still contemplating because with the power of AI at his disposal, there was no limit to what he could do with it if he was able to refine the glitch.

There had to be a way to make it indistinguishable, and this was the first cog in the machine to bring that vision to life.

However, he would need the help of Priscilla or Oliver to run a background check to see what comes up.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 257 - 257: Kyle Slips Up?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was done and knew he had to go to the hospital to see how things were going with the man he had beaten nearly to death.

Kyle was skeptical, but this was something he had to do regardless.

He sighed because, for someone with all the money in the world, he sure was stressing a lot.

He could have gone somewhere quiet and lived the rest of his life in peace.

But what kind of life would that be?

He had the power to change the entire world, and he needed to accumulate enough power to withstand any potential enemy he might have.

We see it every day—leaders of nations eliminated simply because they didn't share the same ideology as the world power.

Kyle understood the dark side of the world all too well and didn't shy away from it.

He had to dirty his hands to achieve his goal in one way or another.

It was for the greater good, and Kyle was willing to move the pieces around to suit his agenda.

It was only a matter of time before he became a threat, and if he needed to build a reputation in the underworld,

a good reputation and money were far more effective than money alone.

And with the mafia calling, Kyle had that opportunity right at his doorstep.

However, Kyle had no intention of doing what they asked of him because he saw the damage it did to Ella and his mother growing up.

Kyle arrived at the hospital and, to his utmost surprise, saw Oliver was already there.

However, he was alone, and Kyle didn't have any form of relationship with him.

Oliver was the more likeable of the two, but it was clear that Priscilla was the one who called the shots.

Kyle walked towards him not only to greet him but to find out why they were loitering around here.

"Hello, officer," Kyle was friendly and upbeat because he knew the kind of person Oliver was.

Oliver didn't disappoint, as he returned the energy by waving at Kyle.

They brought him here, but the fact that Oliver was here meant they were looking into it to see what happened, despite Kyle telling them.

This inexplicably told him they didn't believe his story.

Of course, the chance that he was here for an unrelated reason was also a possibility.

Kyle was glad he ran into him rather than Priscilla because she was a pain in the ass.

"Hello Kyle, here to see your friend?" Oliver asked, to which Kyle nodded.

"What about you? What are you doing here?" Kyle questioned, hoping for a positive response.

"We came in to check on the patient," Oliver responded, reading no meaning into Kyle's approach—but if this were Priscilla, she would have approached this differently.

They were opposites in the end, and this was why they made such a good partnership.

"Patient? Is there any reason for this check-up?" Kyle asked, trying his best not to raise any suspicions.

But Oliver caught on—he had spoken too much, and the last thing he would want was to be on the receiving end of Oliver's rage.

Nothing was stopping Kyle from seeing the patient, but the fact that it was only him here and no one else told Kyle they hadn't made it a thing at the office.

Did they secure the hospital so he wouldn't escape?

"Where is your partner?" Kyle asked, looking around the room.

He wanted to know her exact coordinates so he could avoid her, but before he had that opportunity, Priscilla came up from his blind spot.

"Hello Kyle, what are you doing here?" she questioned, her voice unsettling, but Kyle had seen worse.

"You took the question right out of my mouth, haha!" Kyle laughed it off, but Priscilla didn't find this amusing.

"I realized he must be worried about his sister, so I came here in person to make sure he knew she was safe," Kyle added.

He could tell something was off about Priscilla; the way she looked at him had changed.

But this didn't bother him as long as she stayed in her lane.

Kyle was about to dip his fingers into dangerous territory and knew the chances of a suspicious Priscilla catching on were high.

Kyle entered the room as Priscilla didn't attempt to further the conversation.

He noticed a few damaged pieces of equipment in the corner of the room.

"What the hell happened here?" Kyle thought to himself.

However, he got his answer as he spotted a wound he didn't remember inflicting.

"Oh. I see, that's why they are here…" Kyle thought to himself—but for the first time in a while, he was dead wrong.

He walked up to the hospital bed stand and quickly checked on the man to see if his condition was getting better.

He knew that there was no way the state would allow him to keep Jasmine but also noted how they could give less of a crap about what happens to them.

They would throw them right back on the street.

Kyle knew he had to find a way to stop the inevitable from happening.

"Your sister is safe…" Kyle told him. He was sleeping—or rather too weak to move—thanks to the drugs pumping through his veins.

Kyle knew he could hear him, so he didn't bother repeating himself because this was something he took upon himself.

A doctor walked in soon after, seeing how close Kyle was to him and also remembering he was among the few who admitted the man.

There had to be some sort of relationship between them, but the doctor had to be sure.

"Are you family?" the doctor asked, but Kyle knew all too well this man only had Jasmine. However, if this was something important, he would want to know.

"Yes, I am. Is there a problem? What happened to my brother?" Kyle asked, the word "brother" sounding as unnatural as the whispers of the wind.

"I'm afraid we have detected something in his system, but we are still assessing the damage it has done to his brain," the doctor had Kyle come over, away from the patient's prying ears.

"Damage to his brain? What do you mean?" Kyle questioned.

He knew people became addicted to certain things, but why did the doctor make this sound different?

"I'm afraid… I have never seen a drug like this before, but it affects the nerves leading to the brain. His neurons are deteriorating at an astonishing pace," the doctor said.

Kyle knew this was bad because it meant whatever this man was taking made him a threat to not only himself but his younger sister as well.

"Is a full recovery possible?" Kyle went right to the point, but the doctor was hesitant to answer.

"I'm afraid I cannot give you an answer, but there is a chance the damage might be permanent," the doctor pointed out.

Kyle sighed, realizing this was going to be a lot more complicated than he initially thought.

"Is that so? Can you tell me the properties of this drug?" Kyle questioned because deep down, he suspected it was the same one the mafia was attempting to make him smuggle into the entertainment industry.

And if he didn't do it, they would simply find someone else to—hence why he didn't reject them.

Kyle needed time to figure out what he planned to do, but either way, the ball was in his court, and one wrong move could cost him his life.

This wouldn't have been a problem a few months back, but he couldn't risk it right now.

He had too much to lose.

The doctor described the elements of the drug and what it did. It had the same properties as the one he had encountered in the warehouse.

"It is just as I suspected…. I want you to do your best to fix him up. I will pay any amount you need from me," Kyle informed the doctor.

The doctor nodded. However, Kyle had made a deposit earlier to establish this trust.

-

"Priscilla, what is going on?" Oliver questioned his partner. He noticed certain habits he had previously been oblivious to, including her body language the moment she laid eyes on Kyle.

He had been with her for most of her career, so he could tell when she became guarded, even if it was subtle.

There was no reason for her to be guarded against Kyle unless there was something she was keeping from him.

Priscilla just looked at Oliver before walking away, and Oliver instantly knew she wasn't going to tell him about it—which he respected.

It meant it was something between her and Kyle. But to him, Kyle was one of the nicest people he knew.

Priscilla wasn't sure before, but everything was confirmed the moment she looked into his eyes.

Kyle might be able to assume different characters, but the look in his eyes would also change to match those characters.

And Priscilla caught a glimpse of this change—Kyle was a threat.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 258 - 258: Dear Old Friend.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle wasn't clueless and picked up on everything that happened. He was observant and knew Priscilla was watching him.

He couldn't afford to slip up, and the best way to keep a dog off your tail is to throw it a bone.

This was what Kyle planned to do, and he had the ingredients to do so.

He left for the waiting room and noticed Priscilla had once again separated from Oliver.

Kyle wondered if he should approach him or leave the hospital; there was something he needed to know.

He needed to know what they were up to, but his phone rang soon after to take away his attention.

It was a text from Cassandra. It had been a while since he had seen her, but that was to be expected.

The women were all on the same page; they were aware of each other's existence.

This would make it easier for Kyle to introduce them to one another because he intended to keep them in his harem for as long as possible.

He didn't answer the text, quickly placing it back in his pocket, and by the time he raised his head, he could no longer see Oliver.

It was like he vanished into thin air, but he wouldn't be able to move that fast to begin with, which meant he must be around.

Kyle moved to find him, but he barged into someone, unable to move out of the way in time.

"I-I'm sorry," Kyle was quick to apologise, as the last thing he wanted to be was a nuisance.

He noticed it was a nurse, but Kyle didn't pay her much attention as he left the area.

However, from his blind spot was Priscilla, watching him, and Kyle had made another mistake.

Cassandra went to meet up with her friend and realised halfway there she had failed to inform Kyle, so she shot him a message, hoping for a response.

There was nothing wrong with what she did, but Kyle had already shown himself to be a possessive man.

She didn't particularly dislike it; as a matter of fact, she liked that he didn't wish to share, even though he wasn't emotionally invested in her.

This agreement was to provide security in the end—nothing more, nothing less.

However, Cassandra couldn't help but fall for him because he made her feel seen and gave her security that her ex-husband couldn't.

But there was one moment that replayed in her mind, which was Kyle's moment with her child.

This was something she couldn't get out of her head, and it was what stirred up feelings in her.

Kyle had given her all the weapons she would need to conquer the battle with her ex-husband to win custody of her child.

Cassandra was glad things were going her way, but this was a much-needed distraction because Kyle didn't want to see her.

If he did, she would ditch this man and go to him without a second thought because he was the one she wanted to please the most, not some old pal from high school.

Dexter was waiting for her, but Cassandra picked the venue where they were meeting.

She walked into a coffee shop and saw Dexter waiting, but in the corner of her eye, she could see that other women were gawking at him.

They wanted him, and who could blame them? He was gorgeous, and Cassandra couldn't believe how good he looked.

Not only was his body one of the best she had seen, but his face was everything he wasn't when he was younger.

The fact that he arrived here first and waited for her showed he truly wanted to meet her.

This naturally prompted her to lower her guard because this was Dexter, the harmless boy she knew in high school, even though she had no idea how life would have changed him.

She sat across from him, waving at him, but she did something that she didn't give much thought to at the moment.

She wore a crop top that showed her chubby stomach, but this was not because of Dexter.

It was due to her growing self-confidence, allowing her to carry herself and her body with more dignity.

Kyle had taught her one thing: it was her body that made him attracted to her, and if someone as rich and composed and amazing as Kyle liked it,

then it must be a plus, not a minus. But this didn't mean everyone saw her the same way Kyle did, as she noticed the glances.

They were all focused on her stomach, but that couldn't be helped, and she had no regrets as she understood there could be several reasons why they were looking at her.

It could be because they thought she was attractive—an idea she couldn't conceive before Kyle.

But most importantly, the look in Dexter's eyes told her everything she needed to know.

"How do you look even better than before?" Dexter was quick to shoot her a compliment.

"Oh my! Thank you," Cassandra blushed, but she noticed his eyes were focused on her ring.

She wore the ring to solidify this illusion.

"You don't look bad yourself," Cassandra fired a compliment right back.

"Thank you, thank you!" Dexter responded with a full-teeth smile, keeping the conversation at a friendly tempo.

"I must say, I'm surprised you agreed to meet up with me," Dexter confessed.

"Why would you say that?" If this were before she met Kyle, she would have been the one feeling lucky, but not anymore.

"Don't worry about it," Dexter dismissed it, but the air around him had shifted—something Cassandra took note of.

The waitress came, and they both placed their orders. They caught up with one another and realised their lives were going pretty great.

But Cassandra didn't like lying, and this was shown at the end of this little catch-up, as she had slipped up multiple times. However, he didn't call her out on it.

Every relationship was complicated, and she assumed hers fell into that category. But why did Cassandra feel the need to tell him the truth if he was going to be a passing character in her life? Did she perhaps wish to maintain their relationship?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 259 - 259: Cat And Mouse.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle didn't spot Priscilla and left the hospital to attend to business as usual, he had to see Isabella.

It has been a long time since they met, but this meant she had everything handled, but he wanted to make bigger strides to take over the company that wished to buy his.

This was a good plan because it alerted everyone and kept the others on their feet.

Kyle knew he had to be careful how he dealt with this because one wrong move could bring everything crashing down.

He had the experience, he had assimilated as much knowledge as he could find on the internet, and this gave him an edge in how to deal with these things.

The truth was, he could have declined the offer to sell, but why did they offer in the first place?

It was a means to remind them of their place and tell them what they thought they were worth.

This was a slap on the face because this was not an offer he couldn't reduce.

There was no amount of money he could not refuse, this was what granted him an advantage over everyone else.

Money was the root of all evil, but what if a man existed who was the very source of that evil?

There was no limit as to what he could achieve, and Kyle understood that just because he had the resources didn't mean he couldn't be sloppy.

Kyle knew he couldn't let his guard down, but Priscilla was proving to be more troublesome than he expected.

He never should have made contact with her or tried to establish a relationship, is what he would have thought in his past life.

But not now because he was smarter and wiser than he was a few weeks back, which gave him leeway to do things he wouldn't otherwise be equipped for.

Kyle arrived at his office but noticed the driveway was just as packed.

The thing with his Agency was that they weren't looking for money, so this gave anyone with talent a chance.

And with their rank, they did so with the assumption it was only a matter of time before the fees triple.

Otherwise, it would crumble as the fees weren't sustainable in the long run, but this created a saturation.

This branch wouldn't be enough to contain this level of business, but this was a good thing because Kyle understood how these things worked.

He wasn't clueless and didn't need to hire someone, but expansion was something that would not only take time, but he felt it was too soon.

He needed the demand to outdo the supply first; this would make any opening like a VIP section in a star-studded club.

Kyle nodded, greeting Carly at the desk, who had gotten used to him, but she didn't let familiarity ruin the respect that came with his position.

"Greetings, sir! I hope you're doing great today." Carly greeted because she knew it was only a matter of time before she got a salary raise.

Kyle noticed there was a line to see Isabella and could already imagine how much work was going on.

She had her hands full, but this was one of those things because even if they were to close right now, they wouldn't be losing anyone.

Once again, demand was everything, and this was what Kyle was trying to achieve at present, but he didn't know how Isabella was handling it all without help.

He hadn't noticed any new hire, which would explain why the line was so long; it couldn't continue this way.

They had to find a faster, more efficient way to process potential applicants.

"Hello Carly, is Isabella here?" Kyle greeted her with a smile.

Carly nodded, but Kyle leaned in towards her, which caught her by surprise.

"I need a favour, can you close early?" Kyle requested that he didn't have the power to ensure this came to pass.

"S-Sure thing, boss," Carly responded, to which Kyle flashed her a smile accompanied by a polite nod.

He went to the office, skipping the line, and all Carly could think about was whether Isabella was in trouble because of whatever it was they had going on.

It must be urgent for Kyle to take this route, but either way, she alerted her superior that Kyle was here so he wouldn't catch her off guard. This was Carly's way of looking out for her/

-

Priscilla was keen on figuring out Kyle, and once she had her teeth on something, she gnawed away at it until she tore it to shreds.

And right now, Kyle was mere inches from her jaws; she could smell it on him, but Kyle was smart.

He was covering up his tracks to perfection, but there was only so long a person could do that.

There would always come a time when they slipped up, and Priscilla knew she had to be there to gobble him up once he did.

She didn't share much with Oliver because she noticed Kyle had made a very good impression on him.

And she had a current case to focus on as well, this was the judge she was about to bring down, but she had noticed the client he was to try had a relationship with Kyle.

The sudden amount entering her bank account to show she was capable of raising him alone was something that had a similar M.O. to what Kyle did with the police station.

This was a long shot on her end, but her hunch was something she never doubted.

This would also explain why he suddenly took an interest in the man, Kyle was using their relationship to his advantage.

And this rubbed Priscilla the wrong way; there was one thing she didn't like, and that was being used to serve the agenda of another.

She was connecting the dots, but she was worried she might not be able to do so in time because this man was always two steps ahead.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 260 - 260: This Is My Dream...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle sat with Isabella face-to-face. She was nervous because Kyle had a serious look on his face, which meant whatever he wanted to discuss must be important.

"What can I do for you, sir?" Isabella asked, but Kyle remained silent for a minute, spaced out as he was lost in his head.

"...Sir?" Isabella called out, snapping Kyle back to reality, but he played it off.

"Say, Isabella, what is your vision?" Kyle asked, prompting Isabella to raise a brow—they had discussed this on their first day of meeting.

However, there was a good chance he might have forgotten, which wouldn't be strange considering how busy he had been.

"My vision is to be the biggest talent agency in the United States," Isabella said, with a look of confusion still plastered across her face.

"I see," Kyle responded, sounding a tad disappointed, as if he was looking for something grander.

"Is something wrong?" Isabella quickly asked, hoping she hadn't said anything that would put her role here at risk.

"Nothing is wrong. I wanted to see if we are on the same page," Kyle said, but there was something different about his demeanor.

It had changed—something must have happened, hence why he was here in the first place.

Kyle had gotten careless. The money made him feel invincible, but Priscilla had shown her morals might not be corruptible.

Kyle hadn't attempted anything yet, but if he did, she would have all the evidence she needed to prosecute him.

This would be Kyle playing his hand, and that was dangerous because he had another problem besides her.

If the Mafia found out he had any association with the police, they would go after his head as well.

He was playing both sides and had to maintain a balance that could cost him his life if broken.

"I—I hope we are," Isabella said nervously, trying her best to mask it, but Kyle saw right through her.

"I'm afraid we aren't," Kyle replied, looking her directly in the eyes. This sent shivers down her spine.

She didn't know what else to say, but her heart told her this might be the end of her role here.

"America is too small a dream, Isabella," Kyle added. Realistically speaking,

it would take an insane amount of money and influence to establish branches around the world.

Even with that, locals of said nations might rebel against it because they are foreigners.

"What are your goals, sir?" Isabella asked, trying her best to understand what was going through his head.

"Everything. I don't just want this country—I want everything else. I want to redefine the entertainment industry worldwide," Kyle said.

Isabella raised a brow—this was similar to what he said when they first spoke,

but never had she heard him talk about conquering the world like he was Genghis Khan.

This made her realise the man sitting here was more ambitious than she had ever given him credit for.

"Do you think you can support my vision, Isabella?" Kyle asked, locking eyes with her again.

Her heart began to race—not out of arousal, but because this man's dream embodied what she thought was impossible.

"I will do my best," Isabella responded, feeling the anxiousness leave her body.

"My dream was too small…" Isabella thought to herself. And despite Kyle giving her full control over the agency,

for the first time, he had shared his dream with her, and Isabella was impressed by the vision he held.

Cassandra was done with her outing with Dexter, and to her surprise, she enjoyed it a lot more than she thought she would, which was something entirely new to her.

It had been a while since she had spent time with another man, and she couldn't lie—she enjoyed the experience.

It was different because they were friends, and there was nothing sexual about their interaction.

The fact that she was more confident played a huge role; she would have overthought their interaction before, which would have led to her insecurities resurfacing.

She returned home, and a text was already waiting for her from Dexter. It elicited a smile from her.

[[Hey, Cassey, I had fun today. We should do this again soon. Let me know when you get home safe.]]

Cassandra was tempted to text him right away, but there was no rush—he would be fine either way.

She wondered what would be an appropriate thing to say because she didn't want to send mixed signals that could potentially lead him on.

If there was one thing she'd figured out about men, it was that they would sleep with a woman if she said yes, regardless of whether they truly wanted to or not.

However, this couldn't be the same with Dexter, because he could get any woman he wanted.

And by any woman, she didn't mean just anyone with a pretty face, but a woman with the status that came with it.

While she tried her best to be an understanding partner to Kyle, the fact that he could go so long without reaching out to her worried her.

She found herself wanting to be a bigger part of his life, but who could blame her? She was once a married woman.

It wasn't strange that she wanted to ravage Kyle with the love that had been abused by her ex-husband.

And this was the only reason she decided to send a text message back to Dexter.

[[Hello Dexter, I had a great time too! We should do it again sometime soon. I just got home, thank you for checking in!]]

Cassandra responded soon after, but she stared at the text—

Analysing it from a third person's point of view, because there was a chance Kyle could stumble upon it in the future.

She didn't want to leave any room for misinterpretation before hitting that send button.

But there was something she didn't—and couldn't—know.

This was the same man who had recently made contact with Ella and would ultimately bring their paths together.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 261 - 261: Dive Into The New World!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was done discussing with Isabella, and they had drawn up a blueprint to bring this vision to life before he left the office.

Whatever was in the blueprint was only known to Kyle and Isabella, his partner.

He knew things were going to get complicated starting today, and the time he could spend with the women in his life would drastically reduce.

But the good news was they all knew about each other, so he no longer needed to sneak around, but Kyle needed an ideal way to handle his relationships.

This was part of the reason he began to look into houses away from here, but the thing about all of this was the media couldn't find out about them—not yet.

He didn't want his image to be tainted by polygamy, as he knew how that would shape his image.

This wasn't the image he wanted to introduce himself to the world with, but he was careful enough to keep his private life out of the media—or his life in general.

It had to be doable, as not every celebrity had their life known. Some even managed to keep their kids secret, so this should be an easy feat considering they were adults.

He had searched for houses that could house multiple families because Kyle didn't want to keep the women in his life separated.

It would also help Cassandra's child, having multiple parental figures. Even those who might not want one could still have the parental experience, should they choose.

This was Kyle's intention, and he checked for updates on available listings, especially the ones he had his sights on.

He wasn't sure if things would go according to plan, because that was one thing life had taught him. Things never went according to plan, but he could adjust to whatever life threw at him.

This was his true strength, and this was one thing Kyle wasn't going to gamble with.

He had put his plan into effect, and the deal with the Mafia he accepted—he had a strong suspicion that Jasmine's older brother was a victim of this drug.

This would show how damaging it is firsthand, but there was no way he should be able to afford it, which meant there was a chance it was distributed for free among the poorer communities.

A place no one would look twice at. And this was exactly what was done to the place he grew up in.

Kyle knew he had to clean up that place so he could bring an end to the destruction and trauma it held.

Kyle knew AI was going to play an important part in the future—there was no doubt about that—but there were bad ways to utilise this.

And one couldn't master the good without understanding the bad.

Kyle planned to utilise both to his advantage, but knew things were yet to take off.

The universe shot him a sign, because soon after, his phone began to ring.

It was the real agent of a person whose number he had gotten from a prominent agency, even though their fees were a bit over the top.

It was something he could afford. There was no doubt that Kyle could find a cheaper route, but what would be the point?

It wasn't fixed in stone, but "the higher the fees, the better the service" was the usual motto.

They only attended to the best of the best, which Kyle qualified for.

"Hello, what do you have for me?" Kyle requested right away, showing they had had previous interactions with one another.

[[Yes sir, we have a house opening in Bel Air, but I'm afraid you face fierce competition in purchasing it, as some high-profile celebrities have shown interest.]]

The woman on the other end informed him, but Kyle had no problems with this approach because this was one way to inform clients they had competition to prompt them into buying.

"Is that so? Remind me how much this house is?" Kyle asked, and the woman at the other end hesitated for a millisecond.

It would have gone unnoticed by anyone else, but not Kyle—he was paying attention.

Nothing was stopping him from buying this mansion; it wouldn't put a dent in his bank account.

[[The value sits at $180,000,000 bu-!]] The lady was interrupted by Kyle.

"That is fine. I will give you $220,000,000 to keep it from the hands of prying clients. I will pay in cash as well," Kyle responded, but this sounded like an impulsive purchase.

There was a good chance she had inflated the price to get something out of the deal, and Kyle overpaying meant she got approximately $40,000,000.

This was life-saving money, and there was no reason she wouldn't use everything in her power to reserve this purchase for Kyle.

Kyle had done something most people failed to realise was the most important thing when it came to sales.

You have to appeal to the handler, not to the seller, because at the end of the day, you get to the seller through the handler.

The call came to an end soon after, and the woman had sent him the account he should send the money to.

Kyle hadn't made any big purchases in a long time, ever since the cars, and was relatively frugal by nature due to how he had to live most of his life.

It was embedded in him, but Kyle was about to let loose—he was about to double his spending and truly relish being a billionaire.

This was the first move, and he knew that once the house was bought, the ladies wouldn't be opposed to living together, because they all had one thing in common.

They all wished to please Kyle. But Calista remained an unknown variable, because Kyle had seen signs that not only know she was untrustworthy.

However, Calista wanted to make it up to him, but Kyle knew right from the start Calista was a deceptive woman—but that coochie was top tier, so he could make certain exceptions for her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 262 - 262: Officially A Homeowner!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle went right away to see the real estate agent, as nothing was stopping him from accomplishing his goals but himself.

Kyle drove to Bel Air, and the air there was different. He could tell right away that there were no middle-class citizens here.

He, however, was aware of this, and the cars on the streets further showed how luxurious this neighbourhood was.

"This place is nice," Kyle muttered under his breath as he drove down the road. Every infrastructure was up-to-date.

"No, nice is an understatement," Kyle thought as he swerved, bent that corner, and realised he had the worst-looking car in this neighbourhood.

If he were insecure, he would worry that his women would fold to any one of these men should they show them attention.

He trusted Jane and Cassandra, but Calista again was an unknown variable.

Calista was driven by money and had already shown she was willing to betray him for less.

The only thing Kyle knew for certain was that she had feelings for him, and that was the one thing keeping her under control.

But what happens when something or someone dissipates her feelings for him?

Kyle wasn't emotionally invested, but this would no doubt sting his ego.

It was only a matter of time before he saw the real estate agent. This was the first time he was seeing her entire body, as it was her face on her profile.

Kyle parked and noticed this was a standalone mansion with its massive estate.

The gates opened up for him, and Kyle drove in. This was like a neighbourhood of its own.

Kyle was confused as to why there were so many houses within this estate, but he was certain the standalone mansion was the main house.

He finally parked his car and stepped out. It took a little over five minutes for the lady to join him.

She drove a 2024 Volvo V60 Cross Country. It was in the upper-middle-class range, but it didn't exactly spell wealth.

Kyle looked at her and noticed she had unbuttoned the top layer of her clothes to reveal her cleavage.

This brought about a quiet sigh from his lips, as this told him she was ready to do anything to secure the sale, including weaponising her femininity.

Kyle eyed her up and wasn't impressed by what he saw. She had a banging body, but not the face to go with it.

It was clear she tried her hardest to present herself professionally while letting the sexiness seep out a little to complement her look.

"Hello there! Mister Kyle, I presume?" The lady was careful with how she spoke, but there was no missing the confidence behind her voice.

"Yes, Tracy, how are you doing?" Kyle greeted her, stretching his hand for a handshake, but his eyes never once made contact with her chest.

This was a professional setting, and Kyle could easily indulge his urges, as this would smash her quota for the year should she manage to close it.

This was why Kyle knew she would do anything to close, including putting her body on the table, which was the sad reality of this world.

They walked into the house, and Kyle was perplexed by what he saw right from the start because the house was not only fully furnished, but the size and smell made him feel like he was gliding on the ground.

"Wow, this is amazing," Kyle commented. The fact that he wasn't interested in small talk showed how quickly he wanted to get this over with.

He had no interest in having small talk or retaining a relationship with her after this was done.

She followed Kyle around, showing him what each room had, but this place even had its own private pool that was almost the size of a football field.

The price was justified because everything in this building was nothing but the best of the best.

"I have to ask, the buildings outside…" Kyle paused as his phone vibrated.

"They come with the house. Would you like to see them too?" Tracy requested, but Kyle shook his head.

"I have seen enough, Tracy," Kyle said in a dismissive tone, fully focused on the phone in his hand, but Tracy looked panicked because it sounded like she was about to lose a client.

Before she could open her mouth and let her fear turn into words,

Kyle saved her from this embarrassment because her phone vibrated, prompting her to take her phone out of her little purse.

She looked at the phone, and to her utmost surprise, the transfer of $220,000,000 had been made.

Clients usually paid in instalments, but Kyle paid everything at once, which showed his financial capabilities.

"I think we're done here, Tracy," Kyle said with a polite smile, and she instantly nodded.

She couldn't believe it was this easy to close this sale, as it took less than seven minutes.

"Yes, sir! We are! If there is anything you want help with, let me know!" Tracy said.

Kyle paused for a second, in thought, and snapped his fingers like he had just figured it out.

"You know what, I will figure it out myself," Kyle said, because he wanted to get rid of everything here. But if he told her to get rid of it all, then there was a chance she would resell them.

Nate had taught him something in that regard, and that was recycling these things to people who truly needed them.

There was one thing the world appreciated, and that was a good Samaritan who fit their image of a saviour.

One who uses his wealth and resources to make the world a better place. And Kyle planned to be that saviour, because if he had this reputation going for him,

it would be a lot easier for other nations to accept his help once this is established, as he would be perceived positively.

Kyle was a good person at heart, and if he had his way, he wouldn't want anyone to go through pain. But he had to reach a certain level to make that come to pass.

He couldn't make a single mistake along the way, because even money couldn't fix a bad reputation.

The deal was concluded, and the documents signed. Kyle was officially a homeowner.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 263 - 263: You Are...!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was done with the first part of his plan, he was moving quickly because, with his association with the Mafia, he needed a place where there was good security.

Even though he knew this wouldn't stop them, it would have some layer of security as living in Jones' apartment would be like throwing yourself in an ocean filled with sharks with a bleeding wound.

Kyle was satisfied with this purchase, but it would have been nice if he had got a rebate; all they had to do was send someone slightly more attractive.

It was a pain, but it was one Kyle knew he had to deal with because he couldn't be attracted to everyone in the end.

This would maintain the balance, and Kyle was well aware that he had to focus on raising his money right now.

This would be easy because Kye had rounded up everything he wanted to do at the moment, because he was entering phase 2.

He had laid down all the foundations, and this was why Nakamura was his next target.

Nakamura might be a deceptive man, but there was no doubt he shared a similar vision with Kyle.

He had his foot in this game longer than Kyle, and just being associated with his name should prove to be advantageous.

Kyle was glad he had this going on for him and knew Nakamura was aware of his growing influence.

Kyle was impressed that he could reach where he was with the limited resources he had.

This was a testament to his power, but something told Kyle he wasn't the only one the Mafia had reached out to regarding their offer.

He parked at a 7-Star Hotel called Intercontinental, which was among the top hotels in LA.

Kyle had another meeting with Nakamura. he couldn't believe how accessible Nakamura had become, but it showed how business oriented he was because a normal man would have allowed pride to come in the way.

Nakamura might be older than him with vast differences in experience, yet he was humble enough to know when to allow someone else to take the helm.

This must be why he was still relevant, but it also granted Kyle a glimpse of how sneaky he truly was, as he wouldn't hesitate to sacrifice Kyle should he get in the way.

Kyle met him, and Nakamura was already there, but this time, Yuki was present as well.

"Hello, Mr. Nakamura, I'm glad you could meet me at such short notice," Kyle began, and Nakamura smiled at him.

"Nonsense, I'm glad we have this relationship," Nakamura quickly dismissed Kyle's gratitude.

Yuki looked on and wondered what Kyle had done to her boss because this was the first time she had seen him like this.

Kyle was a man whom she didn't think much of in the beginning, but right from the start, Kyle was full of surprises.

Kyle sat across from him and gave Yuki a polite nod to acknowledge her existence.

"Why did you want to meet me?" Nakamura questioned, Kyle didn't need to order anything as drinks were already on the table waiting for him to hydrate himself.

This was some of the finest drinks known to man, refined to its purest form, but that came at an insane price tag.

Kyle knew he didn't need to bother with small talks because there was no need to kiss this man's ass anymore.

"At least let me wet my tongue," Kyle said, taking a sip of the drink before him, and it was just as he expected, it was of the highest grade.

"Now, as to why I'm here. Tell me, what do you know about the Mafia?" Kyle requested.

Nakamura's facial expression didn't change, nor did Yuki's; this wasn't a strange name for them, otherwise there would have been more of a reaction.

"The Godfather? Loved it," Nakamura responded, but Kyle knew he was messing around.

He knew a lot more than he was letting on, but his facial expression didn't match his words.

He gestured for him to lower his voice, and this prompted Kyle to look around to see if anyone was eavesdropping.

"I see," Kyle thought to himself. This confirmed what he thought: this man had made contact with them.

"We're in the clear, sir," Yuki informed Nakamura after checking something strange with her phone.

"The Mafia, it looks like they have made contact with you," Nakamura said, but this conversation didn't frighten him as much as the one about Cleopatra.

Kyle took note of this but surely, there was no way Cleopatra was scarier than the freaking Mafia.

"That is correct, and I want to know, how did you deal with them when they came to you?" Kyle asked, but Nakamura looked surprised that he had connected the dots so quickly.

"They didn't interest me. They had nothing I needed," Nakamura said, but Kyle was waiting for the part where they tried to kill or torture him for refusing them.

"And they just let you go?" Kyle questioned, and Nakamura chuckled at this.

"When I came to America, it was to see the land of opportunities for myself. All so great, America and what they had to offer," Nakamura began the conversation.

"But it was never my intention to come here. I personally never liked America if I'm being honest, but I was told to come here by my father," Nakamura added, taking a sip from his drink.

"And I must say, it grew on me. They are far more vulgar than my people, but what can I say?" Nakamura said with a satisfied smile, but Kyle was picking up on something here.

This man's demeanour had changed, and what did he mean by his father sending him here?

Kyle looked at how composed Yuki looked, they were talking about one of the most powerful underworld organisations, like they were a band.

"The Mafia are strong, but there is something that tells me they wouldn't want war with the Yakuza, would they?" Nakamura looked Kyle right in the eyes, but there was something different about the look in his eyes.

"W-What bloodlust?!" Kyle thought to himself as a cold bead of sweat trickled down his forehead.

This man was associated with the Yakuza!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 264 - 264: The Dam.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle had just found out the man before him had ties with the Yakuza, just when he thought things couldn't get any more complicated. If this man had eyes on Kyle, then there was no way he wouldn't know of his association with Nakamura.

Was this why he was chosen? Kyle wondered what that text message was and if it was referring to the Mafia or Nakamura.

Either way, Kyle had to find a way to decipher who sent that text message because this wasn't a life-threatening situation as of yet.

There was no need to panic because he had everything under control in the end.

The meeting lasted for a couple of minutes, Kyle letting Nakamura fill in the blanks.

But there was one thing Kyle still understood: he still had the upper hand. Nakamura wasn't directly in the Yakuza, but his father was the Oyabun, which meant he was the leader of a branch in Japan.

The truth was, Nakamura never wanted that life and was never formally introduced into the Yakuza, but his father couldn't persuade him either, even though this would make him the successor.

Nakamura was given a chance at life when his father sent him to America to establish a foothold in America.

The other members assumed the boss had sent his son out to expand their operation, and this was what was on paper, but Nakamura knew this was his father giving him a chance at chasing a dream he didn't think possible.

However, this didn't mean he couldn't use his father's name to strike fear into the heart of his enemies, which made his reaction to Cleopatra all the stranger.

Kyle was glad Nakamura trusted him with this information, but he had no interest in being in the middle of this.

Should they clash and a war break out, Kyle wanted no part in it, but something told him it was too late.

"The Agency that attempted to acquire mine… Do they have links to the Mafia?" Kyle questioned, and Nakamura's lips parted in complete surprise.

"It is a thought because acquiring my Agency would allow them to carry out their operations behind the scenes without us being any the wiser. But seeing as they had failed, they reached out to me directly," Kyle said, pausing briefly to take a huge sip from his drink to hydrate his drying throat.

"That is just a thought because there is a chance I'm overthinking this, but everything feels connected," Kyle added.

"That is correct, Kyle… You continue to exceed my expectations," Nakamura responded.

This was why he was against it—because he understood the true nature of this acquisition, but of course, he couldn't let them know.

That would be giving them too much information and exposing them to a world they had no business meddling in. However, this changed the moment the Mafia reached out to Kyle, and Nakamura was aware of the kind of man Kyle was.

If the news of Clarence's demise was heard by the Mafia, then there was no way it wouldn't have reached Nakamura as well, but this was information he had no interest in letting Kyle know, because what good would it do except put him on guard?

Yuki looked equally shocked by how quickly he connected the lines with little to no help, but this also made him a threat.

He was associated with the Mafia right now, and this could, in turn, put her boss in danger. Even though the Mafia lived by a code that kept them in line, like the Yakuza, which made coexisting possible as long as they didn't step on each other's toes.

Kyle understood what was going on and knew he should be fine as long as he didn't violate any rules.

Nothing was stopping Kyle from getting the police involved, either, but he had seen enough movies to know that the police couldn't do anything because there was always an inside man.

However, this also showed he had a powerful ally in Nakamura should things take a turn for the worse.

Kyle concluded his meeting with Nakamura and was advised to comply with the Mafia rules, but also warned against buying the Agency affiliated with them.

However, Kyle knew the risks and the danger that came with it. It was up to him, but Kyle had an idea—there was no way he was leaving empty-handed.

Kyle allowed Nakamura to leave first, hanging behind to have a proper meal.

"Oh right, Cassandra," Kyle muttered to himself, his voice indifferent.

Kyle remembered it had been a while since he checked in on her.

He took a quick selfie with a thumbs up and a flashy smile, attaching the hashtag #businessmeetingdone before hitting send.

This was simple but effective because it showed he was thinking about her.

-

Jane couldn't stay indoors with Jasmine all day as she had work to attend to. She thought about resuming early because nothing was stopping her.

But this was something Kyle trusted her with, and there was so much she didn't know.

She soon heard a knock at the door, and before she could respond, Jasmine was already there.

"J-Jasmine! Wait!" Jane tried to verbally stop her, but the child didn't listen.

Jane got to her feet and saw Aiysha standing at the door. Aiysha and she got along, so she was glad to see her.

"Hello Aiysha!" Jane greeted her, and she could tell right away that Jasmine liked her as well.

"Oh Jane, how are you?" Aiysha greeted her, surprised she was here.

Jasmine recognised her, but there was something Jasmine wasn't aware of—she didn't know the relationship any of them shared.

To Jasmine, they were all friends, and this was why she made a crucial mistake in this setting.

"Is Calista coming back today?" Jasmine asked, and the room fell quiet. Aiysha had an idea that Kyle was seeing multiple women, and judging from the look on Jane's stunned face.

She didn't like that name, and who could blame her? Even Aiysha didn't like her and much preferred Jane because she had the values of a partner.

"Calista?" Jane repeated, sounding almost shocked to hear this name, because why was she here, and was that why Kyle was so revved up when he saw her?

Jane tried her best to trust him, but this was a strange thing—the fact that Calista knew about this before her hurt her ego.

Jasmine had tossed a stone, and unfortunately, it hit a dam that ultimately could ruin Kyle's relationships.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 265 - 265: Court Case PT.1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle walked out the door and, for the first time, could catch his breath because there was nothing wrong with him.

He had everything under control, but there was something he had no idea how to do, and that was getting the women under one roof.

That was his major concern, among everything going on in his life; this was what bothered him, which was rather ironic.

He knew he had to pay Cassandra a visit due to the case she was having tomorrow.

If anything, she needed him now more than ever.

Kyle knew this and was not interested in allowing things to dissipate because Cassandra played a role in his life.

She was mature enough to provide the necessary emotional support he needed to navigate through certain life choices.

Kyle used her to fill the role of a parental figure, as this was a part of him that had been missing for quite some time.

She understood more than anyone what it felt like to be a mother, this was the one thing that was taken away from him.

One thing he couldn't experience, regardless of how much money he had, was that Cassandra helped his inner child.

Kyle hopped in his car and drove to her, he had every intention of spending the night there because the court case was early in the morning.

There was no way he would make it in time should he return home, so this was the best decision.

He also wanted to talk to her about the house because she had a child to consider, and Kyle knew he was asking a lot of her, but he needed to make sure there were no loose ends on his side that they could use against him.

Kyle didn't want to drag them into the life he was about to enter, even though he knew it would be inevitable for them not to be associated.

He wanted to at least provide them some level of security, a place where he could protect them or try to.

Kyle arrived there in a couple of minutes, the road was free, and this meant he didn't run into traffic.

He didn't inform Cassandra of his visit either because he already knew she must be missing him, but she wasn't going to be too vocal about it.

She wasn't like Jane, nor was she like Calista; she was something different.

The fact that Kyle was comfortable enough to speak to her about his past was proof of this.

He didn't need to worry about her inability to process it, she simply offered a listening ear without attempting to fix it.

This was exactly what he needed; the balance it provided allowed him to explore things he didn't know he needed to explore.

Kyle pressed the doorbell, but no one answered for a good five minutes, which caught him by surprise.

"Hm…" Kyle thought to himself, he wouldn't have thought too much about this if it were any other day, but in light of his recent company.

This was something he couldn't risk because things had gotten a lot more complicated.

Kyle realised at this moment he needed to enter this house, even if it was forcefully, and he picked the lock with little to no difficulty.

A skill he had learned online, he had acquired little tricks here and there to help in his everyday life, and this was one of them.

He gained entry, but there was nothing out of the ordinary here, prompting him to wonder why she wasn't answering.

However, he got his answer soon enough because she was passed out on the bed.

She must have had a busy day, or at least this was what Kyle thought due to the way she was passed out.

He walked away and headed to her son's crib. He had no idea why, but he found himself in the room of child.

Kyle stood over the sleeping child and just watched him breathe. He was so peaceful but had no idea how evil this world was.

To think he was once this small and innocent was something Kyle still couldn't wrap his head around because he had to raise himself.

If anything, Jasmine's life was a lot more similar to his than this child and that brought him peace.

Why? Because it meant this child wouldn't grow up under the same circumstances as him.

"Kyle?" A voice called out behind, forcing him to turn.

"Cassandra? When did you wake up?" Kyle asked because a doorbell couldn't wake her, so what could? Kyle wondered.

"The baby motion monitor," Cassandra said, and Kyle realised her body was conditioned to subconsciously react to the sound of the baby monitor.

"I see, I was surprised you slept when I rang the doorbell," Kyle pointed out.

"Damn it! I forgot to get it fixed!" Cassandra cursed under her breath, and this revelation made a lot more sense.

"Ah! That makes sense! I was worried for a second there," Kyle blurted out.

"You were worried? I'm flattered, but I don't think there is any need to worry. I can take care of myself," Cassandra tried her best to stand tall.

Kyle looked at her, but not a word left his lips because what would be the point?

He did enter her home unattended, and this would be grounds for calling the authorities on a normal day.

The thing on his mind was the court case, he knew this would be the key to maxing out her affection bar.

Calista responded to money, Jane responded to affection, and Cassandra responded to financial security or masculinity.

These were the different things the women in his harem responded to, and Kyle knew he needed to meet their needs to make it come to pass.

"Come here," Kyle called before wrapping his hands around her waist, grabbing her love handles and drawing her in.

"Did you miss me?" Kyle questioned, and Cassandra smiled sheepishly. She never thought something like this could happen on the first day they met.

If anything, she expected her child to spook him, but Kyle was showing in the life she had built for herself, which already put him above 80% of men, because who would want to deal with another man's child?

She didn't respond to Kyle verbally, but the kiss they shared showed him just how much she did.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 266 - 266: Court Case PT.2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle stayed with Cassandra, and the first thing she did was make sure he was well fed. She went to the kitchen despite clearly still being drowsy from just waking up.

These were the little things that showed a woman cared for a man because she wanted to nurture him.

Kyle smiled to himself. This place felt more like a family than when he was with the other women in his life, making Kyle feel safe.

He knew this was the point of polygamy in the end, it would allow his various needs to be met by different people, so the burden isn't on a single person.

Some people had needs that could be satisfied by a single partner, some didn't, and it wasn't gender restricted.

The key was finding people who would accept such a lifestyle without deception.

Transparency was all it was about, and Kyle was doing just fine being honest with the women in his life.

He told them what they needed to know without going into details that could potentially uproot the security they felt with him.

It was for their good, and they could always just ask if they truly wanted to know, but sometimes ignorance was bliss.

They didn't push for the truth because they would much rather live in the lie.

Kyle didn't care about the other women except Jane, but Cassandra was growing on him.

She was proving to be more than just an arrangement, but acted as his own personal therapist in a sense.

The aroma of the food entered his nose, and his stomach rumbled like a titan had just walked through.

"What smells so good?" Kyle said out loud while heading to the kitchen.

Cassandra appreciated the compliment, but she wasn't flushed by it because this wasn't news to her.

She was the ideal housewife, but with no man to provide a source of income, she had to start venturing into the world.

However, without that, she wouldn't have found Kyle, so it wasn't all bad because, unlike most women in today's day and age.

She didn't have any problem doing this because it would allow her to raise her child.

"It must be the food I'm making," Cassandra responded, all giddy as she finally got to spend time with Kyle.

"Or it could be you," Kyle whispered in her ear, drawing her in with her butt pressed against his crotch.

"Not now, let me finish cooking!" Cassandra said, but Kyle already planted kisses on her neck, prompting her to bite her lower lip in anticipation.

She felt his bulge push against her plump buttocks, and all she could think about was the last time that big thing was between her legs.

How it made her feel, how it made her moan, but she could resist him because her food was something she didn't play with.

She managed to thrust her buttocks backwards with force, sending him stumbling a few inches back.

"I said not now. Besides, I need you well fed or you wouldn't have the strength to go all the way," Cassandra teased, and Kyle just stared at her body.

She was so soft all around, and he stared at her buttocks with the clothes it was in.

She hadn't changed out of the clothes she had worn to see Dexter, but Kyle was oblivious to this.

The lack of physical contact made it impossible for Dexter's scent to stick to her, so Kyle didn't know, and it didn't come to Cassandra to inform either, or it would be more accurate to say she had forgotten.

But Kyle couldn't resist seeing her in that crop top; the way her flesh was exposed sent blood rushing down the appendage between his legs.

Who could blame him? It wasn't like he was starving as he had sex with Jane earlier that day, but it didn't scratch the itch Calista could so well.

This was what sexual satisfaction looked like, but Kyle knew he had to ease Jane through it, considering she was a virgin until recently.

This meant he could not rush or shape her into the woman he wanted sexually, at least not yet.

And with Calista present, he might not have to, as there would be times he would want the kind of sexual intimacy Jane provided, as with all the other women in his life.

Kyle watched her stir the food, and the genuine smile on her face made him feel unsure about how he felt about her.

This was becoming serious, it was no longer no strings attached, but this was normal in all relationships when you have your needs met.

"How're you feeling about tomorrow?" Kyle asked her, and Cassandra instantly stopped stirring the moment Kyle asked this question, but continued shortly after.

"I'm calm, which is a surprise but I don't know why but I should be freaking out," Cassandra responded and Kyle could tell this was the truth.

"It is because you know you will win," Kyle responded, and he could see the smile creep up on her face from the reflection of the window in front of them.

Kyle loved that he could make a difference in her life; he was leaving his imprint on their lives.

A part of him knew this was the only way to leave a piece of himself after he was gone.

He didn't just want to fade away into nothingness when he died because he had the opportunity to leave his permanent imprint on the world and the people in it.

"Don't jinx," Cassandra responded, but judging by her tone, there was no doubt she believed the words that came out of his mouth.

Both chuckled because this was a welcome shift in confidence compared to the first trial, where her ex-husband had the upper hand despite the preparations prior.

It was amazing how much could change with the right lawyer. Not just any lawyer but one with questionable morals.

If Kyle used the other lady, they would have lost, there was no doubt about that.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 267 - 267: Court Case PT.3 [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle hadn't told Cassandra he was spending the night there because he wanted the treatment he would get if he were leaving that day.

Cassandra hadn't permitted him to stay the night either, but something told him she wouldn't refuse him.

She couldn't refuse him because he could smell the pheromones oozing off her skin.

Kyle was glad things were moving smoothly, but this could potentially be the last time he had time with her like this.

Kyle was going to relish it; he ate his fill, and Cassandra took the dishes to the kitchen to wash.

This was a good experience for Kyle; he was being taken care of, and that was something he wasn't used to.

Women tried their best, but they could only do so to the best of their ability, but Cassandra had all the weapons to make him feel this way.

He went into the kitchen at the sound of the faucet running, and it was like Cassandra knew why he was there.

He had waited enough and had an appetite for one more thing, which was her.

Kyle wrapped his hands around her pudgy stomach, which had grown in size due to the food she had just consumed.

Cassandra felt embarrassed for a split second but the way Kyle cradled it was loving and the way his cock got harder the moment he thought it was proof.

Cassandra giggled but she wasn't going to resist, all she did was push her buttocks into it to completely bury his cock in it.

It was big enough to accomplish this feat, and a perverse smile creased his face the moment she did this.

"It looks like you already know what I want," Kyle whispered into her ear, and Cassandra bit her tongue.

She didn't know something like this would ever happen to her again after her failed marriage.

Cassandra didn't say anything as she kept on washing the dishes, allowing Kyle to do what he wished to her in the meantime.

Kyle's hands made their way underneath her shirt, running his fingers slowly along her stomach, embracing the folds until his hand stopped beneath her breasts.

They felt heavy, like they were filled with milk just waiting to be squeezed out of her chest.

Kyle was going to indulge as his fingers clamped her nipples.

"S-Slowly~!" Cassandra moaned. There was no way her body wouldn't respond to Kyle.

He was the only man she wanted, and the fact that her nipples were extra sensitive played into Kyle's hands.

Kyle began to tug at it lightly. It didn't induce any pain, but the sensation it sent throughout her body made her quiver.

Kyle's cock was as hard as steel, pressing against her upper back but even she could feel his precum leaking through his trouser.

It was a compliment of the highest order, and this made her stand on her toes to align it between her legs.

She began to move her hips back and forth with Kyle's bulge between her thighs and pushing up against her crotch.

"Fuuuck! That feels so good! Don't you dare stop~!" Kyle growled, tightening his grip on her breasts.

This forced Cassandra's feet to give way, and she sat right on it, but due to her clothes, it didn't make its way into her.

Kyle smirked because he knew she was on the verge of succumbing to the pleasure she anticipated.

Kyle's hands left her waist as he bent her over the sink. Cassandra wasn't used to being taken aggressively, but it didn't mean she didn't like it.

Kyle pulled down her shorts and his cock nearly slid right in because of how slippery it was down there.

"You fucking pervert," Kyle muttered under his breath before sliding his cock right into her.

But he didn't put it all in, he took his time because he wanted her to feel every inch of his cock entering into her.

Cassandra's position made it worse because it meant he could go deeper than he could ever have done if the position were different.

He slid in the first inch, Cassandra could control herself as it took everything in her not to slam her ass back and gobble up everything at a single go.

However, she wasn't in control and had to do things the way Kyle wanted because she was used to boring sex.

All of this was new to her, and Kyle was showing her a world she had never glimpsed.

Kyle could see her legs shaking when he slid up to three inches in.

"K-Kyle! It is going so deep~!" Cassandra moaned but Kyle squeezed her buttcheeks together like he was trying to see if his shaft would disappear between them.

Cassandra's leg buckled and inadvertently swallowed another two inches.

"You know what? Fuck it," Kyle said before shoving everything into that wet little swamp.

He wouldn't believe she had a kid with how tight her coochie was and the way it curled around him felt like a cave only he could explore.

"K-Kyle! N-No! I will lose my mind~!" Cassandra warned, but felt his hand wrap around her mouth as he took out four inches before slamming it right back into her.

""Oh god… mmm…~!" Cassanadrad had taken this cock before but why did it feel different?

Did Kyle grow bigger? She tried to think but Kyle took an extra inch out before slamming it right back in her sloppy coochie.

The warmth, the slippery feeling, and the ways her inner walls tightened made him nearly blank out because Cassandra no longer waited for him to thrust that monster into her.

No, she was throwing her ass back and hard, the way that buttocks recoiled upon collision was a beautiful sight.

And this was the moment Kyle knew he wouldn't last long, but here came a decision.

Was he going to pull out or not, as she kept throwing it back so hard that Kyle could barely thrust? Something told him she wouldn't let him pull out even if he wanted to.

"I'm going to fill you up!" Kyle moaned before grabbing her waist and slamming his cock into her one final time as his balls emptied right into her womb.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 268 - 268: Court Case PT. 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle and Cassandra ended up fucking all night despite the busy day that awaited them both the next day.

Kyle couldn't care less as he kept shooting his load right into her womb without hesitation.

He wasn't new to finishing inside them because, in truth, Kyle was curious about what he would be like as a father.

He had the money to take care of them, but children could also act as a form of power.

People tend to respect men with families and children, which could open up more opportunities.

However, Kyle was still worried that what he was would seep into them.

Kyle was curious to see if they would inherit the system as he assumed it was a part of his DNA.

Kyle slept off, but Cassandra was the big spoon. Kyle had never known how much he needed this until now.

He melted into her arms, and in his sleep, Kyle muttered the word.

"Mommy,"

A word Cassandra heard, and it broke her heart that someone this kind wasn't loved the way he should have been.

Cassandra rocked him gently, but felt him trembling, this wasn't due to fever or sickness.

It must be what he was dreaming about, and there was nothing she could do to ease his stress.

Cassandra wanted to reach in and absorb his pain so he could know what it felt like to be normal, even for a little while.

Unfortunately, she didn't have such abilities, and this meant there was nothing she could do except be there for him.

Then again, she didn't know how useful that would be due to Kyle being a lot more advanced for someone his age.

This was who he was, and all she could do was comfort him when he needed her, too, but he kept mumbling something.

Cassandra tried her best to make out what was escaping his lips, but it made no sense, no matter how hard she tried.

Cassandra eventually fell asleep because she had a tough day ahead of her, but with Kyle by her side, she just knew everything was going to be okay.

Kyle informed Jane he was spending the night out and asked her if she was okay watching over Jasmine.

Jane had grown to like Jasmine, and Aiysha kept her company, so she had no problem with this request since Kyle made her feel at home when she came to stay with him.

-

The morning snuck up on them, and both of them had no idea how they woke up at the exact time, like their body was synchronised, but the proximity to one another might be what made that possible.

"Good morning, sleepyhead," Kyle greeted her, but Cassandra smiled at the sight of the man she was growing to love.

Cassandra leaned in and planted a kiss right on his lips before planting another on his forehead.

There was no hint of lust in these kisses; if anything, Kyle could tell right away that she had fallen in love with him through her lips.

"Wow…" Kyle thought to himself because he, too, was beginning to see her in a different light.

The way she looked at him, her eyes were soft and inviting.

It drew him in, and this was something Kyle had always been intimidated by, the same way he was uncomfortable when Aiysha looked at him.

There was something intense in the eyes focused solely on him, it made him feel like he was being singled out in a crowded room.

Kyle hated the way he felt, as it made him feel small, even though this wasn't their intention.

Cassandra could tell he was uncomfortable without him saying a word, and averted her gaze right away.

She never realised how green his eyes were, but why was her heart pounding this hard?

She had been in love before, and it wasn't this intense, so what was this?

Cassandra quickly excused herself to check on her son because he remained her priority.

Kyle relaxed his head on the pillow and wondered if there was anything wrong with having feelings for multiple women.

This couldn't be wrong because love was to be given to as many people as possible; this was the purpose of existing.

Kyle smiled to himself because he knew this was bullshit. If he didn't have the financial capabilities, he wouldn't be able to handle these various relationships.

Kyle knew money was how he got into Calista's heart, and it played a major role in how Cassandra perceived him. Visit Мy Virtuаl Librаry Еmpirе (МVLЕМРYR) fоr mоrе.

But Jane was different, he would have gotten her with or without the money.

Kyle wondered what Cassandra thought about him and what would happen once the emotional component wore off.

He had no idea what came over him the night before, but a part of him found itself wanting to get this lady pregnant.

It took an hour for both of them to get ready. Cassandra wore a corporate outfit, but Kyle ordered from one of the more expensive clothing brands while there, as he hadn't brought any clothes with him. Cassandra was going to be with him, so he got her something to wear as well.

She needed to intimidate everyone and show everyone that she had the finances to take care of her son.

Life was that easy, and Kyle made sure to drive her in his car because Priscilla had eyes on him.

She would find out who was associated with her in due time, and Kye had to come clean about the nature of their relationship.

He had told Priscilla about the case, but never did he go into details about the person she would be using to gather evidence, nor the true nature of their relationship.

They arrived at the courthouse, and it was like they were celebrities as there were no heads that they didn't turn.

"Damn. I knew you looked good, but now everyone knows it too," Kyle whispered in her ear.

This wasn't a high-profile case, so it had little to no attention, but one picture online was what it took for it to trend because Kyle's face was no longer an unknown one.

This put more pressure on the judge, and also, Priscilla had the stage set up for her big bust.

And most importantly, he had taken preemptive action to make sure Priscilla had nothing to use against him should the opportunity ever present itself.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 269 - 269: Court Case FINAL
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The court case began, and it looked fair, but the verdict had been long decided, so there was nothing to worry about.

All of this was for familiarity, and the truth of the matter was, Justin had no idea what was coming because he thought this case would swing in his favour.

But the look of disgust that crept up on his face when he saw Kyle was genuinely sickening, and all Kyle did when their eyes met was to wave at him with a broad smile across his face.

The first recess happened shortly after, and Cassandra was all smiles, but Justin could sense something was wrong.

This wasn't what they had agreed on, but it was too late to enforce any sort of influence on the matter, which is why he had to revert to a plan B.

Nothing was stopping this, but desperate times call for desperate measures.

Kyle waved at Cassandra, and she gushed to herself, anyone could tell they were involved, but why was Kyle doing something like this so publicly?

This was an act of self-destruction because it would stick to him, but this was all an act for Priscilla.

Find the source of this chapter at M|V|L-EMPYR.

He needed to give her a strong motive for her case, as she must be wondering why he was willing to go this far.

He had to show her it was because they were involved and hoped this would throw her off his trail, because she must have already pieced together the inconsistencies in his stories.

Kyle already knew the case was won, but wanted to support Cassandra through the process.

But his phone rang and it was from an unknown number, which made Kyle's face contort.

Kyle excused himself quickly because he knew this was a call he needed to pick up.

Kyle picked up the phone outside the court, but the person at the other end of the phone didn't say a word despite Kyle asking who it was.

It was silent, but that was to be expected considering the shady world he had just entered.

But right about when he was to hang up, a voice said one word.

"Run,"

Kyle could tell it had been tampered with because they sounded more robotic than human.

But he wasn't going to run. Kyle was done playing their games and knew he was going to do things on his terms.

Kyle went back inside, but he was cautious for the rest of the case.

The case proceeded shortly after, and in no time, it was time for the final verdict.

The judge must have noticed something because the verdict he gave next shocked everyone in that courtroom.

"I have done everything in my power and decided to award Mr Justin full custody," The man said.

Kyle smiled because this is what he expected to happen, but Cassandra was distraught.

"H-How?" Cassandra was dazed as she looked at Kyle, but he didn't share her worry.

If anything, she caught a glimpse of Kyle's true face behind the mask.

There was nothing more a puppeteer liked than watching everything fall like dominoes.

Kyle caught Cassandra staring at him and mounted.

"Everything is going to be alright,"

And at that moment, Priscilla entered the courtroom alongside Oliver, who looked somewhat ashamed of the situation.

"You are under arrest and have the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be used against you in the court of law," Priscilla said, and the courtroom fell silent.

No one understood what was going on, but they didn't move a muscle.

This was the most entertaining thing that would happen to them all day or even for that month.

The judge laughed at this attempt; this was ridiculous.

"This is a joke, right?" The judge questioned with a chuckle because he was the one who passed judgment so why was this even happening to begin with?

"Wait a minute…You, I know you," The judge said, squinting his eyes as he looked right at Priscilla.

Priscilla looked indifferent, but the thing about this was that it was just them.

There was a good chance it would be swept under the rug. Kyle knew this was a possibility and made sure to close it off.

This was why he decided to make a public appearance, because it didn't just make this their problem, but brought it under the scope of the world.

This made it harder to sweep under the rug because the internet was quick to share their opinion.

It wasn't the judge at the center of this but rather Kyle; and this managed to attract a small crowd outside the courtroom waiting for him.

However, what they saw was a man in cuffs being taken away by Priscilla.

This wasn't just any judge, either so they took out their phone and just like that, the next viral story was on the internet.

Everything was meticulously set up by Kyle, who had gotten more cunning as time went by.

There was nothing the man could do at this point but smile because he had already thought about a thousand different ways to spin this, but out came Oliver with Justin handcuffed.

Someone had sent an anonymous tip showing the judge taking a bribe to help sway the decision in Justin's favour.

This was proof of his involvement, and this was all that was needed to do this.

Justin didn't fight or argue and simply complied because he knew what could potentially happen if he did.

This was what a guilty conscience looked like, and Cassandra jumped to her feet and wrapped her arms around Kyle.

However, this was Kyle's second mistake because Cassandra was certain that Kyle had a hand to do with what just happened.

However, she didn't care at this moment.

Kyle had set Priscilla this man, a respectful man, this case could either make or break her career.

She would owe him, and Kyle intended to cash in because he knew who he was going to feed her next.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 270 - 270: S-Save Me!?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The case concluded and Kyle knew it would be controlled because the people there weren't there for the judge or anyone else but him.

Kyle didn't exit the court through the front door either because he didn't want the attention that came with it.

Kyle had laid the platform for Priscilla to lead and Cassandra gained full custody of her child pending further investigation.

Kyle wondered why he received that message which instructed him to run, could it be they thought the police were coming for him?

That couldn't be it but Kyle had taken a different exit leaving Cassandra momentarily alone to celebrate her victory.

"That went better than expected," Kyle muttered under his breath. He had every intention of making the world a better place and would do anything to achieve this goal, including getting rid of the people who threatened it.

Kyle knew that evil was necessary to get to the light and maintain it.

Even God created darkness to balance out the light, they couldn't exist without the other.

And Kyle was ready to take on that role but this didn't mean he wanted to become some dictator of the world.

Many have tried and failed, it was too grand an ambition but Kyle knew he had the resources to make a difference.

He looked up at the sky and took a deep breath, he loved how his life had turned out but a part of him wondered what would have happened if he had killed himself.

Would that truly be the end of it all or was there something that awaited him in the afterlife?

What would his judgement have been if he was condemned to this fate?

Kyle wondered but from the corner of his eye, he noticed someone was approaching him.

He pretended not to see whoever it was because this would put them on alert.

"Act natural, Kyle," Kyle muttered to himself.

The figure kept approaching him but the closer it got, the faster it became.

Kyle turned suddenly and what he saw at first glance was a man pointing a pistol right at him.

Kyle quickly ducked and this made the bullet breeze past him. Publication courtesy of M|V|LE-MPYR.

"A silencer!? This is a hit!" Kyle knew there was no time to doubt this was an attempt on his life and what he would do in the next second would determine if he lived or died.

Kyle quickly threw his phone right at the assailant's head, this temporarily distorted the attacker.t

There was no way a random hoodlum would use a gun with a silencer attached, this had to be specific.

Kyle rushed towards the assailant before he could redirect his gun and slammed his fist right into the man's face.

This forced him to crash into the ground, losing the grip on his gun in the process.

This gave Kyle the upper hand but he knew better than to try and reach for the gun in this situation.

He had the necessary skills to defeat this man with his hands alone.

However, there was a chance that this man wasn't alone but Kyle also needed to know who had sent him.

He knocked the man out with a solid punch right in his face and Kyle was grateful he had learned some self-defence or he would have been killed.

"That was close," Kyle muttered to himself, standing over the unconscious body of the person who had just tried to kill him.

-

Cleopatra arrived in L. A and the air was something that always made her nauseous.

This place was once a hub for the elite but it had long been "corrupted" by the common man.

America was always regarded as the land of opportunity but this illusion must be the reason why it became so overpopulated.

Cleopatra was staying in one of the most expensive suites in the country.

"I wonder how she does this, this place is filthy," Cleopatra muttered under her breath.

She wondered why her sister hadn't made a move as she had legal claims now.

Cleopatra was aware that her younger sister was someone who wished to carve out a life of her own.

But there was a chance she would try to reclaim what belonged to her.

She studied Kyle because he must be the reason why Ella came back home.

That man was dangerous and she had done her research.

There was a chance he was the one manipulating Ella and she couldn't have him implanting ideas into her innocent sister's mind.

She had security personnel stationed just outside her door.

There was no way someone could have the drop on her without getting past them.

She wasn't worried because she had taken some classes to defend herself from these threats should it come down to the wire.

"He has arrived ma'am," A voice informed Cleopatra from behind the door.

She took a deep breath before reaching for her mask lying on the table right in front of her to protect her identity.

The man who made his way through the door was the same man she had clashed with during that party.

It was the politician running for office but seeing as he was the one coming to see her and not the other way.

One could guess the power dynamic between the two.

"Is that really necessary?" The man asked right away considering the rule of anonymity didn't apply in the real world.

"It is fun," Cleopatra said with a hidden smirk beneath her mask but this implied this man might know who she was.

"I don't mind but you must know why I'm here," The man pointed out.

"You need my support for the upcoming election, I take it?" Cleopatra asked to which the man nodded.

"I'm afraid I have no interest in politics but I can be persuaded," Cleopatra muttered and the politician smiled upon hearing this like it was something he had predicted.

"It is alright, I have taken care of your problem," The man said with a smile but Cleopatra looked confused by this.

"My problem?" Cleopatra asked and the man nodded before whispering something only she could hear.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 271 - 271: Confusion Everywhere.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle had just survived an attack on his life and knocked out the attacker with his superior hand-to-hand combat.

He stood over him for a second but wondered why someone would want to take his life—or even try to—as he hadn't crossed anyone just yet.

Kyle didn't think too much, but what if this was the person the mysterious individual had warned him about?

That would mean calling the police had the risk of compromising him because it would show he depended on them.

What if this was a test? This wouldn't be a good look if the police got involved, and Kyle realized he might have to give this person to the mafia to get the necessary information out of.

Kyle sighed, but he felt his heart thumping like crazy—it was a panic attack because the trauma still played a role. Kyle took a deep breath to calm himself because that was the only thing he could do in this situation.

He took out his phone and thought twice about communicating with a literal crime group using his main line. That didn't look like a smart idea, and this made him realize he needed a second phone, but for now, he could make use of this person's phone to communicate with them.

Kyle took out his phone and realized this person had the number he wanted to reach saved.

"Hm, that isn't suspicious at all," Kyle thought to himself. This was no doubt connected, and Kyle had second thoughts about contacting them with this man's phone.

Kyle realized this might be another test to see how he reacted, and if that was the case, then there was no doubt that there were eyes on him currently, which would mean they would be aware of the phone in his hand.

"What am I truly scared of? If they wanted me dead, I wouldn't be standing," Kyle had to humble himself—there was no way he would escape a well-coordinated hit. If anything, this was too easy to avoid, which meant this must have an ulterior motive.

Kyle took a deep breath and called the number through this strange person's phone.[[Who the fuck is this?]] a voice asked right away on the other side of the phone. He sounded confused for a second, but Kyle didn't say a word because this could all be an act.

He had a choice—engage in a conversation or hang up the phone.

"Who the fuck is this!?" the man Kyle met the previous day barked at his phone, but there was no response—there was only one person's number he didn't have.

That was Kyle, and this is who he assumed was calling him.

"...Kyle?" the man questioned, but this only complicated the current situation further because it sounded like he knew who was at the other end of the phone, when in reality, it was just an educated guess.

[[How did you know it was me?]] Kyle asked at the other end, prompting the man to raise a brow.

"Was I expecting someone else? Have you gotten all the information you need?" the man asked, and Kyle could pick up on his demeanor. This wasn't the demeanor of a man that had tried to kill him, but it made Kyle all the more cautious because what if this person was from the mafia?

[[No, but I need you to come to this location and pick up something for me.]] Kyle responded. The man paused, expecting him to give more context, but the phone hung up and a live location was shared. The man sighed. He knew Kyle was a dangerous man—or at least, this was the impression Kyle gave—and had no plans of messing with him.

"What's wrong, Alfredo?" a man asked him, but Alfredo had no idea what was going on, though he didn't want to get on the wrong side of Kyle. There was no way he wasn't going to listen to him.

The truth was, he had no idea an attempt had been made on Kyle's life, so who hired the hit?Alfredo drove to the location without hesitation, and to his utmost surprise, he saw a phone placed on the unconscious man's body.

"What the hell?" the man muttered under his breath as he closed in on the unconscious body, but what he felt next was the familiar cold steel he had grown accustomed to.It was a gun, and Kyle stepped out of the shadow.

"What is this—some kind of joke?" Afredo questioned, but the confusion on his face was genuine.

Kyle had no intention of pulling the trigger, and in all honesty, the thought of taking another life made him uneasy. But the characters he could adopt made his act convincing.

Kyle lowered his gun because he confirmed what he wanted to confirm.

"Take him away and question him. That man just tried to take my life," Kyle informed Alfredo before handing him the gun.

Kyle didn't care what happened to anyone that attempted to harm him. He had something to not only live for but a future to strive towards.

He could save humanity from themselves, and a hero complex was slowly developing at the back of his mind.

The single act of Nate helping the needy without any ulterior motive was the turning point.

"What do you mean?" Alfredo asked, but he got no response.

"Take care of my problem? I'm yet to encounter a problem I can't handle," Cleopatra responded. This man held an office, yet the way she spoke was a clear indication of the difference in their social standing.

The man kept quiet, but Cleopatra soon got a notification on her phone.

"I think you might want to check that," the man muttered, to which Cleopatra complied. She took a peek at her phone but looked genuinely uninterested.

"What is the meaning of this?" Cleopatra questioned.

"My gift to you," the man responded with a satisfied smile.

He had bought her a private island that required clearance. Cleopatra had attempted to buy it in the past but failed.

However, this man made it happen, showing he had the influence despite Cleopatra being blessed with the wealth.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 272 - In Heat [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle managed to escape the attempt on his life but it would have been successful if the man didn't reveal himself.

Kyle didn't understand why he did it but it made no sense the more he thought about it.

If the Mafia were behind it, there would be a signature to claim that kill.

Rarely did they kill without a mark but a headshot. That was too simple to be associated with them.

Kyle left Alfredo and explained the situation to him but Alfredo was confused that someone would try to kill.

The Don would have made this information known by now that Kyle was with them so no one would make a move on his life otherwise they would have problems with the Mafia.

This was known so who was brazen enough to defy that?

Alfredo couldn't pinpoint a name but luckily for them, Kyle didn't kill his attacker.

Things were getting difficult and Kyle noticed his life was becoming a factor.

There was a high chance he could be killed and the reality dawned on him.

"This is scarier than in the movies…" Kyle muttered to himself and the sigh of relief was proof this was getting to him.

Kyle left the clean-up to Alfredo, he didn't want to know how they got the information from the man because plausible deniability was a thing.

Kyle went back inside to make sure Cassandra was alright as she must be wondering where he went.

He was also her ride back home so he couldn't leave without her either way.

It took a little over five minutes to find her and she was still in a festive mood considering the massive win.

However, she was curious to know how Kyle could manipulate the situation to get her husband arrested.

She knew it was best she didn't know if it was her before Kyle.

Cassandra would have tried her best to get Justin out of this predicament despite them being divorced.

She was that selfless when it came to others but all she felt was relief right now.

Kyle gave a nod to the lawyer because this concluded their business and a generous amount was credited into his bank account.

The man was shocked because Kyle had overpaid but this was to guarantee the nature of their business remained a secret.

The arrest had taken the attention away from him, few to no one remained and Kyle managed to sneak out with Cassandra.

They drove off and instantly, Kyle could tell there was something different about her.

The way she acted, the way she smelled, she was in heat but didn't say a word because now wasn't the time to act out her impulses.

"Cassandra, I want to take you somewhere," Kyle informed her and this surprised her for a second because she was expecting something else to happen at that moment.

"Take me somewhere?" Cassandra repeated to which Kyle nodded and she immediately noticed the road he was taking wasn't the same one he would have if he had dropped her off.

If anything, it was out of town but due to Kyle's financial help, she was able to hire her babysitter for as long as needed.

They drove for close to an hour due to the distance between the courthouse and this place being within that timeframe.

Kyle noticed she was trying to control herself, negating eye contact but for an hour, she looked uncomfortable.

"Hm…" Kyle thought to himself, noticing her breathing had gotten heavier.

He stopped the car in a secluded place and Cassandra looked confused because if this was a horror film, this would be the part where he hacked her to death.

"W-Why are we stopping here?" Cassandra nervously asked because Kyle didn't say a word and stared ahead– at nothing.

"I can smell it off you," Kyle muttered before looking at her.

"You want me, don't you?" Kyle said and Cassandra smiled nervously.

They were out in the open, she had never done anything this wild and had no idea how to initiate.

She gulped, her thumping heart making her legs quiver and Kyle reached for his trousers.

He took out his cock and it was hard as steel.

"... Because I want you," Kyle said, Cassandra quickly looked around because this place might be secluded but cars occasionally passed by it even though his window was tinted.

Kyle began to stroke it gently, looking at her but Cassandra suddenly had no idea what to do.

"Take them out," Kyle said and Cassandra looked at Kyle in disbelief.

She would have thought this was a prank if he didn't have his cock in his hand.

Cassandra took them out and Kyle couldn't contain his smile as his cock began to throb in his hand.

"Do you want to sit on it?" Kyle asked her and Cassandra nodded, spreading her legs as her finger slid into her coochie.

"Use your words," Kyle said in a low tone to which Cassandra gulped.

"I want to sit on it," Cassandra repeated after Kyle and he adjusted his chair to lean back.

Cassandra didn't need to be told what to do and instantly climbed on top of him.

"You poor thing, you must have been starved…" Kyle responded, gripping her buttocks firmly as she straddled him. Kyle couldn't tell if she had a fever or if she was that aroused.

He hoped it was the latter but winning this court case must have sent her hormones into overdrive because her emotions went from an extreme low to an extreme high in such a short amount of time giving her excess dopamine.

"Can I put it in?" Cassandra whispered in his ear, her gigantic breasts burying his face between them limiting the amount of oxygen he could inhale.

She didn't need to wait any longer because Kyle grabbed her by the buttocks and raised her.

Before positioning his cock and dropping her right on top, Cassandra was worried they would be caught because there was no way the car wouldn't bounce up and down when she rode him.

But this was the least of her problems and Kyle's cock made its way inside her.

She didn't understand if it got bigger each time as each time felt different.

"I-It is so big~!" Cassandra moaned but this was something Kyle had grown used to.

"Are you going to satisfy your perverse needs or….!" Kyle was cut short because Cassandra slammed her ass down on him, taking every inch in.

"Damn! I didn't know you were this hungry!" Kyle said because the way she rode him was like her life depended on it.

The wetness his cock sank into could sink any ship but there was something primal about Cassandra.

She stopped thinking at that moment because she was using Kyle like a dildo and kept bouncing up and down his cock.

The pussy juice slid down his shaft with each bounce and the way she tightened up made the friction all the better.

"Hiyaaa… Y-You are so deep~!" Cassandra moaned, her mind going blank because this was the first time she was doing something this naughty.

Out in the public, fucking in a car like they were high school students and Kyle was rearranging her guts

Kyle placed one breast in his mouth and began to suck on it, milk spilling into his mouth.

"D-Don't or I will….!~" Cassandra couldn't complete her words because Kyle bit on her nipple gently before tugging at it with his teeth.

They were so soft and jiggly, this was truly a milk factory if anything else.

"What makes you think I will stop after you finish?" Kyle released her nipple to mouth these words before giving her buttocks a firm slap.

But Cassandra just kept bouncing on his cock and Kyle smiled at this sight.

"You're not even listening, are you?" Kyle muttered before raising his hips to meet her in the air mid-thrust.

"Ahhhh!~" Cassandra moaned but her coochie was way too good for Kyle to last.

If anything, the setting made it a lot more intense than the more civilized way.

"Ahhh… I-I'm going to…!~" Cassandra's speech was all jumbled up.

Who could blame her for the thing inside of her; it took one final bounce for her body to finally succumb to the pleasure.

She came all over his cock but Kyle wasn't done yet, he meant it when he said he wasn't going to stop.

Kyle threw her in the back, her ass was in the front section with him with her upper body at the back.

"Now, how about I use you…" Kyle said, slipping his cock back into her with his hands around her waist because he knew she would need the support.

Kyle proceeded to fuck her brains out for the next five minutes with everyone passing aware of what was going on within the car.

It bounced all over the place but neither of the people within cared about any of this.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 273 - 273: New Home! [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle shot his load into her womb once again, not daring to pull out because why would he?

People only worry about baby daddy drama when they lack the financial capabilities to take care of the child.

However, Kyle had every resource he needed to take care of everything in his life, but this was convenient for him nonetheless, as he already had one child.

"T-That was amazing!" Cassandra said under her laboured breath.

It had been a while since Kyle went to the gym so this was an excellent substitute for all the cardio he had missed out on.

They had to briefly clean up before they could continue their journey.

Kyle was lucky he shot it in her because if he didn't, he would have messed up his car.

Cassandra wanted to ask him where he was taking her but something told her it was a surprise so asking would be futile.

She had all the patience in the world because she got to spend time with him either way.

She couldn't do so freely because he was a busy man who prioritised his work.

"If I didn't know better, I would think you were trying to get me pregnant," Cassandra joked because he kept shooting his semen right inside her.

She understood he wanted to feel her but shooting his load continuously inside could only potentially result in one thing.

"Maybe I am," Kyle responded but he had on a serious face.

Cassandra had to think for a second and wondered if he thought she was on birth control.

That wouldn't make sense considering she hasn't been having sex until now.

"Well, I think you would make me the happiest woman alive if you do," Cassandra said.

Kyle didn't expect this response, he expected her to be a lot more closed off to the idea seeing as what a child with the wrong man could do to a lady.

She already had one kid and a failed marriage, adding another would only make fewer men interested in her.

Of course, it worked in Kyle's favour but he planned to stay unless she broke the rules he had presented to her.

"I met an old friend of mine," Cassandra let slip amid their small talk but this didn't bother Kyle too much because she was a grown woman.

"And what about it?" Kyle questioned but Cassandra wondered how he would react should she tell him it was another man.

Kyle never gave much of a reaction so she was curious to see if this would elicit an emotional response like jealousy.

"It was with a man, an old friend of mine from high school," Cassandra confessed but her focus was glued on Kyle.

She wanted to see how he would react but there was no reaction from him because Kyle knew there was no one in her life that could match the level of comfort she got from him.

Unlike him, she had everything to lose because she could easily be replaced.

A single mother with a child in her thirties? If there was another man she found interest in then there was no way her affection meter wouldn't be affected.

"Oh! You finally left the house, I was worried you would be stuck within those walls," Kyle said with a heartfelt chuckle.

Cassandra smiled at this and this only reaffirmed her decision, she made the right one because Kyle didn't look like he was going to stop her from maintaining the friendships before him.

Even though she was willing to cut them off should he ask for it because they weren't the ones who would take care of her or her son.

"What's wrong?" Kyle asked, noticing her strange body language.

"N-Nothing, I'm just glad I met you," Cassandra said to which Kyle smiled at this.

"I'm glad I met you too," Kyle said as he was finally realizing the role she was playing in his life.

They arrived at the estate and Cassandra looked even more confused than ever.

She couldn't stay here either way because she had to return home to take care of her child.

"Wow, this place is amazing," Cassandra couldn't hide her awe.

They walked into the building and Cassandra thought he wanted to take her on some sort of tour.

This place had that energy and this was the only reason she could think of as of now.

"I'm glad you like it because this is where you will be living starting today," Kyle informed her.

Cassandra looked at him with a raised brow, there was no way he meant it.

"You play too much!" Cassandra blurted out before laughing a little but judging from Kyle's face, this was no joke.

"Wait, you are serious?" Cassandra asked before looking at the estate again.

"Kyle…" Cassandra muttered because this was too much.

The pace at which her life had changed in such a short timeframe was something right out of a movie.

"Why would you do this?" Cassandra blurted out, tears welling up in her eyes.

"It is because you deserve it. You have been through so much so it is only fair your luck starts to even out. I meant it when I said I would take care of all your needs," Kyle informed her and only then did his system respond.

[Ding!] This copy comes from content on *.

[Update in affection bar!]

[Cassandra's affection: 43%!]

Kyle realized his words were what prompted this increase despite the action playing a role in it.

Cassandra threw her arms around him and hugged him tightly, burying her face into his tears.

"If this is a dream, I don't ever want to wake up," Cassandra's muffled voice slipped through her lips.

"Careful what you wish for," Kyle responded.

"I wish I met you sooner," Cassandra said but Kyle's smile slowly faded because there was no way this would have been possible if she did.

He barely had the will to live or take care of himself, more so another woman.

"If you did, you wouldn't be the woman you are today… You wouldn't have given birth to that little handsome devil," Kyle whispered in her ear.

He knew she was overcome with emotions because today was a perfect day.

"A regret in life doesn't make it a mistake. At that moment, it was the best moment in your life. Do not forget that," Kyle shared some wisdom but this also showed he wanted her to let go of Justin.

Even the best people made mistakes at their lowest moment and they shouldn't be judged by that moment alone.

Justin was a repulsive individual but there was no denying he was once the man she wished to spend the rest of her life with.

"Thank you, sweetheart…" Cassandra said before trying to sneak in something.

"... I love you so much," Cassandra blurted out but it came out in a hushed tone that Kyle would have otherwise missed.

[Ding!]

[Update in affection bar!]

[Cassandra's affection: 78%!]

The affection bar shot up once again prompting a smile to crease his face but he didn't say it back.

No, Kyle pretended not to hear her.

-

Jane was left at his home with Jasmine, wondering why Kyle hadn't contacted her for quite some time but also wondered if he was okay.

He didn't tell her much about what he was doing either but Jane thought she would be better off not knowing.

But it found her, this was the side effect of the internet because the court case was soon on Twitter despite it not trending.

The truth was she had searched Kyle's name so her algorithm brought her this news without her particularly searching for it.

"What is this?" Jane thought to herself because that was no doubt Kyle, it wasn't viral but had enough exposure to find its way to her.

It was Kyle but he was with another woman, not as pretty as Calista but she couldn't help wondering if he was intimate with her.

She hated the way this made her feel and was growing insecure with every woman she saw Kyle with.

However, there was something strange about this and this was the arrest that came with it.

This judge was a big shot and this was the only reason why something like this was even trending.

She checked her messages to see if there were any messages she missed but there were none.

She wanted Kyle to keep her in his world even if it was with other women because keeping her out only made her mind spiral.

There was nothing wrong with any of this because Kyle told her about the nature of their relationship.

If it wasn't something she wanted, the option to walk away was present because Kyle didn't threaten her.

She was also certain he would look after her even if their relationship should end but Jane never fought for anything she wanted in her life.

She fought for others but never for her and she knew if she didn't fight for this, then she would only continue to sacrifice for others.

She mustered up the college and called Kyle because, for the first time, Jane wanted to set a boundary.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 274 - 274: 2 Become 1. [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was glad things were going well because Cassandra was more open to this than he expected.

He thought she had established a life for herself there, but either way, things were working out in his favour nonetheless.

She couldn't move right in, and the house was way too big for her alone — not to mention the furniture hadn't been moved.

Still, Kyle had done what he planned to do, and with Justin out of the way, she was all his.

There was no other factor that would come into play that could sway her away from him.

Kyle knew this was just the beginning because it would probably be the last time he had this much free time on his hands. With more responsibilities approaching and more women entering the picture, his days of relative peace were numbered.

"Kyle, I'm not going to be the only one living here, am I?" Cassandra questioned as she looked around the house, her voice calm but curious.

"That is correct. You are not the only woman I have grown fond of, and I wish for you all to get along," Kyle said, despite understanding how women got in such situations.

It wasn't easy to explain this lifestyle to everyone. Most people frowned upon it or dismissed it as unrealistic. But Cassandra seemed to understand him more than others did.

"Oh, I see. I cannot wait to meet them," Cassandra responded, but she didn't sound anxious or insecure.

"You are?" Kyle asked with a raised brow, intrigued by her reaction. Women tend to be possessive, even when they agree to share a man. He wasn't expecting this kind of composure from her.

"I am. I have been worried about everything in my life until now, and I realized my son would be better off if he had more women to take care of him," Cassandra said — and this brought a smile to his face. It showed she had really listened to him, considered his ideals, and internalized them.

"I'm glad to hear that," Kyle said, but this was one out of three dominos that needed to fall before things truly settled.

Kyle got a call from Jane shortly after and raised a finger to excuse himself.

"Hey, you…" Kyle began the conversation, but he noticed Jane was a lot more hesitant than usual. Her voice carried a tension he wasn't used to.

There was hesitation in her voice like she was trying to muster up the courage to say something she'd been bottling up for a while.

"Is something wrong?" Kyle asked, his tone softening. He was genuinely curious now.

[[C-Can we meet?]] Jane requested after a long pause.

"Can it wait until I return? I'm occupied right now," Kyle informed her gently.

[[I-Is it that woman?]] Jane asked, and without hesitation, Kyle responded.

"Yes, it is," he said, knowing transparency was something he needed to grant her. It was the least he could do after everything they'd been through.

There was silence on the line after that. He could sense her wrestling with emotions.

"Is this why you want to see me?" Kyle asked, already knowing the answer.

[[It is.]] Jane finally responded, sounding somewhat annoyed — but this only brought a grin to Kyle's face.

"Jane, can I come pick you up right now? I have something to show you," Kyle offered, surprising even himself with how quickly he was changing course.

It was unexpected, especially since he'd just told her he was busy, but the thought of leaving Cassandra to go see her boosted Jane's ego — even if she wasn't fully aware of that.

Besides, she wanted to talk to him, so this worked out either way. The conversation ended soon after that, but the weight of it lingered.

"Jane! What have you done?!" Jane blurted out the moment the call ended. She looked completely panicked, unable to believe she had actually asked him to come over. Thi-s chap.ter# was upl%oa*d.e!d by the t*e#am at M%|V&L!EMPY&R.@

She paced around the room, wondering what she was going to say to him. She ran multiple simulations in her mind, rehearsing how the conversation might go.

But she couldn't chicken out of this decision. Not again. She had done that too many times before.

She wanted a relationship with Kyle, and while he gave her the freedom to walk away, that didn't mean she had to accept everything handed to her without question.

And just like he had given her an ultimatum, she realized she had every right to do the same.

Jane had to be strong and stand for something. This was the resolve that allowed her to mentally prepare herself for what was to come.

Jasmine was still an unknown factor in the house, but she wasn't alone — Aiysha was watching over her.

"How did it go?" Aiysha asked, implying she already knew what Jane had done.

Aiysha was a married woman, and it was no surprise Jane trusted her judgment when it came to relationships.

Aiysha had a successful marriage to boast about and had become somewhat of a mentor to Jane.

She normally didn't talk about her problems, nor did she ever pry into others' relationships, but she made an exception for Jane — offering advice when needed.

They were speaking in general when Jane used the famous line most people use when they need guidance — asking in the third person.

Jane wasn't comfortable with Kyle's relationships. Even if she couldn't have him all to herself, there had to be an arrangement that kept everyone content.

This goes without question because it was still a relationship where her emotional needs needed to be met.

"Do you want me to go?" Aiysha offered gently. She was unaware of the full polygamous nature of Jane's relationship, but she knew enough to understand Kyle was bringing in more women.

However, it wasn't her place to intrude on his private life, especially since she felt like she was already walking on thin ice around him.

It had also been a while since she'd seen Kyle in the gym, and she hoped it wasn't because of Tasha.

Kyle came back a couple of hours later, and Jane was anxiously waiting for him like a child waiting to be scolded and hugged all at once.

She took a deep breath and walked to the door to greet him, but to her surprise, he wasn't alone.

Kyle had returned with Cassandra, which completely threw Jane off. All the lines she'd rehearsed in her mind vanished.

Aiysha had left soon after the call ended, so Jane had plenty of time to stew in her thoughts — but none of that helped now.

"Hello, princess," Kyle said softly, and Cassandra's eyes flicked toward him. The tone in which he said those words caught her off guard — she hadn't heard him speak like that before.

Jane immediately flushed. It was the first time he had called her that in front of someone else.

Cassandra could instantly tell — this was the woman who truly held his heart. There was no mistaking it.

"Cassy, meet the woman who my heart belongs to," Kyle said, and Jane's face turned an even deeper shade of red.

"Nice to meet you," Cassandra said warmly, stretching forth her hand. But as she moved, her breasts jiggled all over the place, unintentionally captivating Jane.

Jane's eyes widened, and before she could stop herself, the words slipped out.

"Wow, they are so big…" Jane muttered under her breath, then instantly clamped her mouth shut, horrified she'd said that aloud.

There was a pause, a brief moment of stunned silence before Cassandra giggled. That giggle soon blossomed into laughter.

She didn't take offence. Instead, she saw something endearing in Jane's reaction.

And in that moment, Cassandra understood why Kyle would give his heart to this girl before her.

There was something genuine, innocent, and completely honest about Jane — the kind of honesty that didn't try to manipulate or control.

It was simply… real.

The friendly exchange ended on the positive and Jane could tell the woman before her was mature with the way she carried herself but this didn't answer her question on what their relationship was.

The fact that Kyle brought her to his home showed she was someone he held to a certain degree.

Jane remembered this was an important point in their relationship and couldn't succumb to the pressure.

"Um... Can I talk to you alone?" Jane requested, eyes to the ground and Kyle was quick to excuse himself politely.

He went into the other room with her and the air immediately shifted. Kyle immediately knew what this conversation was about.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 275 - 275: Jane's Ultimatum!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was alone with Jane, ready to lend her a listening ear, as Cassandra was occupied with Jasmine.

Kyle knew this setup was perfect, especially if Jasmine were here; she would have Cassandra and co. to take care of her.

It would be the perfect system for a growing child and one Kyle had planned on establishing for the growing child.

He was aware of how important a family could be but the only bad influence he was seeing here would be Calista.

She was the one who had a dangerous mindset and had managed to survive on her own for an unhealthy amount of time.

God forbid she teaches Jasmines this way of life, not to mention there would be another child in that household.

Kyle wanted them to be one big happy family but knew not everyone might be okay with this.

The chances of this happening were low but it wasn't something he wouldn't take into consideration nonetheless.

"What did you want to tell me, Jane?" Kyle asked and Jane's facial expression changed right away.

She had mustered up all her courage and looked Kyle right in the eyes because this was something that could either make or break the relationship.

"I know I cannot have you to myself and I don't think I will be able to handle your needs but there is one thing I know I can handle…" Jane said and the look in her eyes was different.

Kyle smiled at this as it showed Jane was growing, she wasn't just going to be a doormat for him to step all over.

"And what is that?" Kyle asked, part of him already knew what it was she wanted to ask but needed to hear her say it.

"I don't want to share your heart with anyone else. I can handle all of it," Jane blurted out.

Cheating was common in this day and age. If anything, Kyle did what most men would never be able to do because of the responsibility that came with such a decision.

"Jane, is that all? You don't have a problem with other women having me?" Kyle asked but Jane didn't flinch.

Sex was sacred but if it was something she couldn't avoid, she would rather claim a piece of him she knows is only for her.

"OF COURSE I HAVE A PROBLEM!" Jane shouted but quickly covered her mouth.

"I mean, I have a problem with it…" Jane repeated in a more controlled voice.

"... I hate the idea that I'm sharing you in any way but it is who you are. You never lied about it," Jane muttered.

"... And I know I cannot change you, there is nothing I can do but to accept you as you are just as you have me," Jane added.

Kyle had done so much for her and Ella despite the short timeframe he had known them.

He was willing to give them anything and took an interest in her life.

This was something that even men with all the time in the world rarely accomplished.

Kyle gave everyone in his life a choice, the option to leave him should he no longer serve their needs but this didn't just apply to them.

"I see," Kyle said under his breath upon realizing the situation.

He knew where she was coming from but this was something he was going to push.

"You have it," Kyle said instantly and Jane's face lit up but there was something else she wanted to say.

However, she looked more embarrassed saying this despite already talking about a big deal.

"Nothing is stopping you from telling me, you have done a good job so far telling me your needs," Kyle said but Jane had to look away before her lips split open.

"T-The sex… I want you to t-try new things with me," Jane muttered.

"New things? I think our sex life is pretty great," Kyle responded with a confident smile.

"I-I don't mind you being a little rougher…" Jane said in a barely audible tone.

"What was that?" Kyle asked, leaning forward and Jane couldn't repeat what just came out of her mouth.

"N-Nothing," Jane tried to downplay it but Kyle gently placed his hand on her face, caressing it.

"You lie to me now?" Kyle questioned and Jane vigorously shook her head to deny this.

"I-I will never do that!" Jane quickly refutted that and Kyle couldn't believe she was still like this despite them seeing for a while. Help us continue by reading at the source: *.

If it was an act, it shouldn't have been sustained for this long because women tend to give a false perception of their femininity to attract a mate.

Only when that mate was found would they revert to their original self which is oftentimes unpleasant.

"I said you could be a little rough with me if you want," Jane repeated and Kyle chuckled at this.

He knew she lacked the experience and must have gathered whatever knowledge she had through adult films or even erotic novels.

And thought this was what he wanted, Kyle liked it rough but there was something gentle about Jane that he found comforting.

"Is that what you want?" Kyle asked, adjusting her face so she was looking him right in the eyes.

"I-I mean, I want to learn new things with you," Jane said and Kyle chuckled at this thought.

She was truly innocent and this was why he was going to protect her from the world.

"Jane, I got a place and I want you to move in," Kyle said but Jane had a blank look on her face because this was sudden.

She liked where they were living as well and with no prior discussion, this seemed like an irrational decision at first glance.

"What?" Jane asked and Kyle proceeded to explain the logic behind it including informing her of Cassandra's child and the possibility of Jasmine joining their little family.

But there was a problem, Ella couldn't stay with her which meant they would be separated.

"Will Calista be there?" Jane asked and Kyle hesitated for a second because he was aware she didn't like Calista.

"What do you think? Will you be more comfortable with her not there?" Kyle asked because he, himself, had doubts.

Besides, she had a life here and her career was taking off, so buying an apartment where she stayed would increase the chances of being found.

Jane nodded slowly, surprised Kyle asked for her opinion.

"Then it is done, my love," Kyle said and could see the relief on Jane's face.

"But I also want Ella to stay with me…" Jane asked, almost pleadingly.

However, there was only one way this was happening.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 276 - 276: The Butcher!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Things were moving in the background with the man who tried to claim Kyle's life being tortured.

They wanted to extract all the information they could get but there was something this man was more afraid of and it wasn't death.

He kept his mouth shut eliminating this was a hired kill and he must belong to some group otherwise he had no reason to endure all of this pain.

Alfredo found it suspicious because this man must have known the consequences but what was more worrying was who could do something like this?

If they wanted to kill anyone, Kyle was one of the more insignificant targets because they had ways of spreading their drugs in the industry without him.

Kyle was an ally that could grant them influence but he wasn't the clog to their machine.

They could function properly behind him but this had to be a message to the Don.

They would come after anyone who he tries to make an alliance with.

"You refuse to talk? I admire that but no man on earth won't break under the right pressure," Alfredo wiped his bloodied hands with a handkerchief.

The man was in no condition to talk, showing Alfredo was doing a good job of keeping him tame.

"I don't wish to hurt you because there is no point to any of this," Alfredo pointed out because there was no way he wouldn't find out this information even if it took a little more time.

Alfredo sighed upon noticing he was unresponsive before handing him something to drink.

The man was dehydrated and beaten to a pulp, he could understand why he wouldn't be cooperative after holding out this long.

This wasn't a job for him and this was why they had called in the man known as the "Butcher" to come and extract the information he couldn't.

"I feel pity for you, friend… For you will soon beg for death but it shall not come," Alfredo said before heading towards the exit.

But before he could leave the room, the man left him with one final sentence.

"Y-You have no idea what true terror is," The man could barely mouth but Alfredo didn't give him a response.

This was getting complicated and Kyle had been dropped right in the middle of something he had no idea was going on.

It was unfortunate but it wasn't something he was worried about because Kyle had shown he was more than capable of defending himself should the situation call for it.

"How did it go?" One of his men asked but Alfredo sighed in frustration because he pitied the man.

"I'm afraid the Butcher will have to handle this," Alfredo revealed and the moment he did, everyone looked visibly worried.

The Butcher was one of those people you were glad he was on your side or he would make a nasty enemy.

Unlike those who were tortured because they had to, the Butcher treated humans like he would cattle.

Anything that bled was a treat for his axe but he had brought it upon himself as Alfredo gave him an out.

-

Jane and Kyle spoke about Ella but there was no conclusion, if anything, it was left up in the air.

Jane never explicitly said he should but never said he couldn't.

She loved her best friend and knew that any other men out there could potentially hurt her.

And that could make her spiral but there was no way Kyle could do something like that.

She knew he would get other women or even had others so why shouldn't her best friend benefit from this?

This way, they could be together forever but Jane had never given this much thought.

If anything, this was the first time such a thought even crossed her mind because it was up to Ella and Kyle.

But the idea of sharing Kyle with Ella was a lot less upsetting than sharing him with Calista.

And Ella liked Kyle, she respected him more than anyone she had seen or known.

This was something she didn't take for granted but hoped Kyle wouldn't see her differently.

Kyle didn't give her a response either which only increased her anxiety.

Kyle decided to take Jasmine to see her brother in the hospital because this was something that was long overdue.

However, Jane offered to tag along, an offer Kyle didn't object to because he could use the company after such a long day but Cassandra was tagging along too.

She had so many questions but unlike the other girls who would have blurted it out by now.

Cassandra knew better than to do something so impulsive but from the look of things.

This girl wasn't related to Kyle whatsoever and heard pieces of his conversation so that she could draw up her conclusion.

They arrived at the hospital and Kyle expected to see Priscilla and co there at this point because they were a constant sight but they had their hands busy.

Kyle went straight to see the unconscious man in the room but he was doing a lot better because his body was going through a thorough detox.

Kyle knew what was next considering the circumstances but luckily, they had no idea Jasmine was his younger sister otherwise they would have taken her from his care.

And dumped into a foster home, Kyle knew that no system would protect her once she entered there.

And Jasmine had this gleeful approach to life that made her able to withstand the trauma that came with it.

This meant she wouldn't register what was right or wrong should someone do something to her.

Kyle put her in this situation and was going to do everything in his power to grant her the best quality of life he could find for her.

It started with him looking into schools to enroll her in; she didn't exist in the system which made it easier for him to take her under his care without going through an entire process.

Jasmine saw her brother, who was in a sedated state and immediately ran to him to give him a firm hug.

The wounds on his face weren't as bad but the man was coherent enough to know his sister was there.

And the moment he saw her, tears streamed down his cheeks because he thought the worst had happened to her.

The detox was going to be a hard process but this man right here had found renewed hope to keep fighting.

He managed to redirect his gaze at Kyle and could barely recognize him, he was so pumped on drugs that he couldn't think straight.

However, this was the moment of truth because Kyle was about to confirm if it was the same drugs as the one the Mafia intended for him to distribute.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 277 - 277: Please Help Me!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle didn't know how to feel about this, because from this alone, he could tell that this man loved his younger sister.

But this didn't matter because he was a liability right now and should his sister return to him as he was right now.

There was nothing he could do, but Kyle was aware that he needed help, and that was what he was going to do.

He didn't want law enforcement involved and luckily, the doctor also thought it would be best not to report it to the police.

Why? There was no usage of firearms, this was a typical wound from blunt force trauma and the police would only get involved if it was a dire situation.

However, there was no doubt drugs were flowing through his brain and had caused permanent damage to some of his nerves.

If he continued down on that path, it would have robbed him of everything that made him, "him".

The doctor looked concerned because he hadn't seen anything like this in his years of working in this field.

The drug didn't have the calming effect most drugs had, it instead harnessed rage and gave hallucinations to those who took them.

This was a dangerous drug because it left the victim in a state of haze but Kyle had what he needed to know.

There was no way he could give this drug more publicity, if anything, he needed to bring an end to this.

Kyle had time with the man and didn't need to look over his shoulder.

He asked everyone to excuse him as he wanted to talk to the man alone which was understandable considering he was the one who put him here.

He had excused himself earlier to speak with the doctor but the man didn't feel on guard anymore.

"I'm sorry for putting you here," Kyle was quick to apologize, understanding he was the victim in this situation.

He must have been fucked up to the point of not even registering what he was doing.

"Y-You look familiar," The man said through the pain and Kyle kept quiet for a second.

"How much do you remember?" Kyle questioned and the man took a minute to think.

"Last week…?" The man stuttered but he didn't sound sure of it but Kyle could tell he was going to go into withdrawals soon enough.

There was no way he would be fine with a single detox and he didn't want Jasmine to see him when it happened.

"You attacked a police officer," Kyle said and the man looked ashamed of this showing he recalled this event at least.

He must have been scared and confused so Kyle couldn't blame him for his reaction because Priscilla did have an intimidating aura.

"I do remember that," The man whispered even though he was barely audible.

"It is fine, I will sort it out for you. You have nothing to worry about but I cannot allow Jasmine back into your care," Kyle told him firmly.

He wasn't about to send Jasmine back into that world because she might not come out unscathed.

She was lucky because so many terrible things could have happened to her on the streets with her brother nowhere to protect her.

Her brother smiled at Kyle, he understood this man cared for his sister and maybe it was fate that sent him to beat him to a pulp on that day so his sister could have a chance at a normal life.

"You know… She told me about you," The man said with a painful smile across his face.

"I was a fuck up even before my parents died, I had no idea how to raise a kid but I was forced to. I tried my best, you know? I did everything I could do to keep a roof over our head but it wasn't enough. Maybe if I had gotten my life in order sooner things would have been different…" The man paused briefly trying to collect his thoughts.

Kyle just stood there, providing him an outlet to speak up.

"... I gave up but seeing her again in clean clothes reminded me why I hadn't ended it all myself," The man confessed.

"So I want to thank you for saving my sister from a fate I couldn't save her from myself. Thank you for beating some sense into me," The man showed his gratitude as tears streamed down his cheeks.

Kyle placed an arm on his shoulder but he knew he couldn't leave this man to the system either.

He wouldn't get the help he needed and the chances he would turn to crime were high.

"Do you want help?" Kyle asked but the man was confused.

"Help? There is no help for people like me," The man responded, wiping the tears on his face.

"I can help you because I was once like you," Kyle responded and in a rare moment of vulnerability, shared something with this man that no one in his life was aware of.

"... But you have to want it," Kyle said and the man began to sob uncontrollably.

"P-Please… Help me," The man sobbed and this hurt Kyle because he knew this fate could have been his if he didn't get the system.

No, it could have been worse and there was no way Kyle was going to abandon this demon to fight his demons alone.

He was going to arm him with the weapons necessary to fight but he needed to want it.

"I will. You have my word," These were the final words of Kyle before he left that room.

He planned to check him into the best rehab in this country so he could be reintegrated into society.

However, Kyle needed to know how best to handle an addict and luckily, he had Ella to guide him through the process as she was once an addict herself.

Kyle left the room with a smile, this feeling, made his heart pound because he knew this was the right thing to do.

He saw Jane and Cassandra chatting and even giggling amongst one another with Jasmine playing with the toy he got her.

This view right here was everything, this was his family.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 278 - 278: The Question Remains...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Calista's life was on the rise, she was attending press conferences and other types of interviews to broaden her popularity.

There was no doubt her beauty captivated anyone who gazed upon her like she was Medusa except what she was turning to stone was between the legs of her audience.

The truth was she knew how to exploit her sexuality to elicit the maximum support from her male audience.

However, this bred jealousy in the female audience and they were quick to point out her flaws.

There was no such thing as bad publicity, as it only spread her name.

Calista loved the attention and fed off it like it was some sort of drug, she found herself refreshing her feed every few seconds.

But that was when she saw it, Kyle found his way onto that feed and Calista looked confused as to why she was seeing another woman with him.

Calista froze right away, she had no idea why her heart was beating but the uncontrollable thumping in her chest could only mean one thing.

"What the fuck is this?" Calista cussed under her breath.

She was trying to deal with Jane but another lady suddenly appeared.

Unlike Jane, all she needed was a single picture to know they were fucking and Calista realized it had been a while Kyle reached out to her.

This made her angrier because it affected her ego, it was something she couldn't accept.

Kyle liked someone more than her? Inconceivable, Calista immediately scrambled to send him a text message.

However, she took a deep breath the moment the message thread was opened and knew now wasn't the time to lose her cool.

Kyle was taking care of her and was the reason why she was here, the last thing she would want to do was ruin what she had going on.

"Calm down Calista…" Calista muttered to herself but there was nothing else on this woman.

She had no social media nor was she famous so what was Kyle doing with her?

She wondered but there was no answer to this question and Calista soon accepted it.

"I just need to be his favourite…" Calista thought to herself and quickly rushed to her room to put on something revealing.

She knew what to do and in a few minutes, she had on a schoolgirl uniform with a lollipop between her luscious lips.

She took a selfie and sent it to Kyle, appealing to something every creature had been cursed with which was lust.

She waited for a response but it never came, at least not right away and just like that, found herself feeling anxious.

However, she couldn't dwell on her thoughts forever because there were more pressing issues at the end.

The movie premiere was soon and she was planning to attend it but Kyle had no problem being seen with this woman in public.

Then he wouldn't turn her down if she asked him to be her plus one except this time, the world would have its eye on them.

This should send a clear message to the woman in his life she was present and Calista was confident that no one could match her beauty.

This confidence wasn't a result of sheer arrogance but due to her superior genetics even amongst supermodels.

-

Kyle was driving Jane and Jasmine to the mansion he had bought to show them both because they would all be living together should she agree to his terms.

He already knew Ella would be aware of this because Jane was on her phone earlier however Kyle loved Cassandra and was making an effort to get to know Jane.

She was going out of her way and Jane was responsive, they were getting along because they shared the same goal in the end which was to make Kyle happy.

Jasmine acted as a buffer between them and Kyle knew he had nothing to worry about with how well they all got along.

"I was worried for nothing," Kyle thought to himself but looked at Jasmine, curious about her story because he knew she had no one else but her brother in this world.

But she wasn't the only one, there were hundreds if not thousands with this exact fate around the world.

No child should have to go through this and Kyle was slowly realizing the good he had the potential to do with this system.

It wasn't just for his gratification, it had set him up to be the richest man on the planet but he needed to stay alive to enact these changes.

There was one thing the system didn't save him from and that was death.

They arrived at the mansion and Kyle got the expected reaction from both Jane and Jasmine.

Jane had applied for another job in the city but Kyle was able to talk her down.

She didn't need to work if she didn't want to but Jane was adamant on working.

She couldn't just sit at home and live out the rest of her life without any goal in sight.

Cassandra was fine with such a lifestyle because she was a traditional woman but Jane wanted to be able to get the little things for herself or even get something for Kyle as a surprise using her own money.

If she used the money he sent her to get him a gift, she believed it diminished it because it wasn't something she had worked for.

There was nothing Kyle couldn't buy but this didn't mean gift-giving should become obsolete.

Kyle already accepted but Jane also told him she didn't want his help or influence in getting another job.

She wanted to have something for herself and this was one thing Kyle loved about her because it showed her willingness to be an independent entity outside of himself.

But there was one troubling thought on Kyle's mind, who tried to take his life?

This was the one thing he worried about and it made him paranoid, constantly checking his environment like someone was lurking in the shadows.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 279 - 279: Harem Formation.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle showed Jane and Jasmine around. Jane wondered what his goal was because Jane didn't want the extra responsibility of children.

But she got the full story about Jasmine and her situation which only elevated Kyle in her eyes because he didn't need to do what he was doing for her.

Yet, he was, not because he was hoping to gain something in return but out of the kindness of his heart.

"Are you all ready to move in within the week?" Kyle asked because he knew he could get the furniture and whatnot replaced within 48 hours.

And Jasmine could have an education in this place, the best of the best so she could understand this was her new standard of living.

"Are you alright?" Cassandra asked Kyle, Jane was busy with Jasmine in the other room.

"I'm okay… I'm just taking a moment to take it all in," Kyle responded.

Cassandra could tell with a single glance that he was excited this had worked out, but she also noticed the occasional glances at her and Jane when they were communicating.

Cassandra had no problems with Jane nor did she want to have one.

She truly believed they could all coexist and the thought that her son had a support system should she pass sat easier with her.

She wouldn't mind entrusting him to another person she could trust should life decide to throw her a curve ball.

"You didn't know if it would work, did you?" Cassandra asked, holding his arm as she slowly rested her head on his shoulder.

"I didn't but I'm glad it is…" Kyle responded with a reassuring smile.

"Should I be expecting any more women?" Cassandra asked but not in a defensive manner because she was fine if he was.

This was a harem after all and the women were aware of each other's existence when she knew Kyle could have easily kept them in the dark and gotten what he wanted.

This way, there was no trickery and the ones who didn't wish to join this sort of thing had the chance to leave.

Cassandra was anxious because this was her first time in such a relationship but she would prefer this to cheating any time of the day.

Not to mention the sex was phenomenal but Cassandra also knew the scorn of a jealous woman because she was once that woman.

And that was something she wouldn't wish to be the victim of but Jane walked in on them.

She saw how close she was to Kyle and even rested her head on his shoulders. Jane hated this sight but knew it was something she would have to get used to.

Kyle didn't react to her coming in either and acted like it was the most normal thing.

Even though Cassandra was visibly confused as to what to do,

The first instinct she had was to detach herself from Kyle the moment Jane walked in but Kyle's reaction made her change her mind.

"Do you like the place?" Kyle asked and Jane nodded with a wide smile on her face.

She couldn't contain her excitement, and Jasmine soon joined them. However, Kyle knew he had to have her evaluated to see where her mind was.

Especially if there was any lasting damage psychologically and then he would decide if she would be fit to attend a school or not.

Kyle looked at his women and knew he had to go but wanted them to spend some time here together before he returned to pick them up.

The ladies had no objection because they had everything they would need here.

-

Ella was doing quite well for herself but Isabella had spoken to her about possibly replacing her bandmates.

This was the second time she was suggesting something like this and Ella was beginning to consider it.

Why? Her bandmates had lives outside of their music career so it was difficult for them to always be available for practice.

They were good but nowhere near where they needed to make it big and this would be a problem in the long run.

"There is nothing wrong with this…" Ella thought to herself, she knew discarding her bandmates would eat away at her because they had been there with her right from the start.

Ella relaxed on the chair in her apartment, she wondered what Jane was doing right now.

She wondered if Kyle could help her with this little dilemma and Jane trusted her around him even though there had been some tension between them when she returned home.

However, she knew it was because of Cleopatra but the fact that Kyle managed to withstand her evil sister was proof of his strength because many wouldn't.

However, that had to change but while Ella was lost in thought, she got a text from Jane.

Ella immediately opened it but got an epistle from Jane explaining to Ella she wasn't the only one.

Not only that but Kyle planned for her to live together with the other women he was seeing.

Ella's jaw dropped, she suspected this but the fact Kyle came out to say it was what shocked her.

[[What the hell!? Are you okay!?]] Ella couldn't believe the audacity of this man to put her best friend through this.

If he was manipulating Jane in some way, he was going to hear it from her but Jane's response wasn't her freaking out.

She was calm and even laughed about the situation which confused Ella further.

"What sort of black magic is this?" Ella muttered, staring at the message in her hand in utter confusion.

Ella was shaking because she had raised her expectations for Kyle and if it was as she thought then this would mean he tricked all of them.

But before she could send him a message, she got one from him.

[[Hey Ella, we need to talk...]] This was all the message read but there was a sense of urgency behind the message that made her question why he messaged her at this exact moment.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 280 - 280: New Roommate!?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle and Ella met up, but the moment Ella saw Kyle, everything she wanted to say escaped her thoughts because this was one of the few times he had a serious face.

"I know Jane must have told you about the nature of our relationship, and you must have some questions as to why I'm taking your friend so far away from you," Kyle began the conversation as she sat across from him.

"Um… Yes," Ella responded with skepticism, because the way he presented it made her realize Kyle understood where she was coming from.

"I haven't told anyone this before, but an attempt was made on my life," Kyle said, and Ella's face was painted in utter shock.

The way he said this so casually made her question how many attempts had been made on his life.

"What the hell!? Someone tried to kill you?! Are you okay?" Ella immediately asked, but Kyle was composed.

"I am. I managed to fight off the assailant, but this is the problem, Ella… I think I have a target on my back," Kyle confessed, and Ella went into protective mode because she understood the gravity of the situation if someone was after his life.

"D-Do you think it is my sister?" Ella asked.

"Cleo might be a bitch, but I don't think she would be this interested in me—to go after my life. Until I figure it out, I cannot have Jane or anyone I'm involved with get involved," Kyle told her.

There was no hesitation in his voice, and Ella confirmed what she suspected.

"Anyone you're involved with?" Ella repeated.

"That is what I want to talk to you about. You cannot put Jane in such a situation…" Ella said, but Kyle instantly raised a finger to hush her.

"Jane is an adult, Ella. I make no one do anything they don't want to do," Kyle was clear before his gaze softened.

"However, I can promise you that Jane is safe with me. But she did make a request…" Kyle paused.

"A request?" Ella asked with a raised brow, because they had spoken to each other, and Jane had made no mention of such a thing.

"She wants you to move in with her," Kyle said, but Ella was confused because this would mean she would be in the same house as the people Kyle was intimate with.

This didn't sit right with her, and Ella instantly knew she wouldn't be comfortable in such a setting.

"That is a weird request," Ella said before a nervous laugh escaped her puffy lips.

"Is it? I'm a man who has room for more women," Kyle said bluntly.

Ella didn't know what to do with this, considering Kyle came out as a polygamous man—and then she connected the dots.

"Wait, is this what Jane wants?" Ella thought to herself.

"I don't want you to make a decision now. I want you to think it over, Ella…" Kyle said, and the fact she didn't turn him down immediately was proof that she was considering the offer.

"…However, I need to keep an eye on you in the meantime, so you will be staying with me," Kyle said outright.

"Huh? Staying with you? Why would I accept that?" Ella asked with a raised brow.

"Because if anything happens to you, Jane will never be the same…" Kyle paused before leaning into his seat.

"…Neither will I. You're important to me, Ella," Kyle admitted, and Ella couldn't help but feel flattered.

She didn't want to admit it, but this was something she secretly wanted—she wanted what Jane had, but never did she know it would come in this form.

"If you insist…" Ella said, but the thought of living with Kyle felt so wrong. Because despite his arrangement with Jane,

There was no way she would be okay with this… would they?

Ella knew she had to inform Jane of this development and hear directly from her because she knew this would ultimately determine whether she stayed with Kyle or not—even though he had presented a good point.

She also respected the fact that he told her what was going on because he had no reason to.

She was worried about what he said regarding people coming after him, as she knew all it took to change everything was one bullet.

However, she wondered how Kyle was able to fight off the assailant. But then again, he had saved Jane as well, so he had shown his capabilities.

Either way, Ella had agreed to his terms, but there was one thing that remained: could she resist Kyle?

-

Aiysha was glad her family's finances were becoming stable because of the renovated apartment they had worked on.

It shot up in value, and residents flooded in due to it being a steal—but the rooms were occupied.

The renovation was done, and they were enjoying the fruit of this labour already.

But this didn't help with the strain on her marriage. She understood this was something that couldn't be fixed so easily because it was something they had swept under the rug in the past.

Aiysha wondered what came over her husband to even suggest such a thing because if she were going to cheat, she had the opportunity to do that.

There was a misconception here—just because she found Kyle attractive didn't mean she would act on it.

Even though the chances of that happening increased, it didn't mean it would—but Aiysha wondered what was going on with him.

Jones spent more time at work like he was scared of staying home with her, which worried Aiysha.

She hated it when they had disagreements, but she needed to stand her ground so he would get the message.

Aiysha checked her phone and noticed there were no calls or messages from her husband like he usually sent.

They hadn't been intimate for quite some time either, because there was a barrier—and Aiysha was a trainer.

A side effect of that was her high libido, but she found a way to channel that—more workouts. Still, she wondered how long this method would work.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 281 - 281: Meeting With Alfredo.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ella and Kyle went their separate ways, but Kyle handed her a key so she could come whenever she decided was appropriate.

However, he had let Ella in even though he didn't need to—because in truth, Kyle needed someone to talk to.

He couldn't carry all the burden alone, and even though he had offloaded some of it to Cassandra,

He was curious to see how Ella would handle it—and she handled it better than he imagined.

Kyle got a call shortly after, and it was from Alfredo. Kyle didn't want to communicate constantly with these people because he didn't want them to get the idea that they were friends.

However, there was suspicion that his involvement with them was what put a target on his back.

He couldn't be careless, and this was why he decided to get security—not just any security, but the best of the best: ex-military soldiers.

But Kyle knew he had to be careful because while they were loyal to their duties, they often came back broken.

Kyle couldn't afford someone crashing out and doing something that could end up costing him.

This was the one thing Kyle couldn't afford right now, and he didn't need such extreme backgrounds to protect the mansion he had bought.

He had no contacts here, but there was someone he could ask—and that person was Ella.

He noticed she got along with one of the security men stationed at her parents' mansion and asked if she could get him to thoroughly check their background.

However, this was a conversation he would have with Ella later in the day.

Kyle had to go see Alfredo because they had made progress in their interrogation, and he could only imagine the state the poor man was in.

However, he knew they must have done the unspeakable to him to pass a message, and Kyle knew better than to ask about it.

Kyle didn't need to find out how they extracted the information—as long as they made headway, that was enough.

Kyle met Alfredo, but it wasn't at the usual spot in the warehouse.

They chose a neutral venue, out in the open, but they weren't alone.

Alfredo had men stationed around the place where he met Kyle. Kyle had been moving around a lot these past couple of days, despite not having much to do himself.

If he hadn't taken up working out, there was no way his body would have been able to keep up.

"Alfredo, it's good to see you again," Kyle said, to which Alfredo returned the gesture.

"I'm glad you're in one piece as well, sir," Alfredo replied, showing Kyle the respect he had garnered.

"Do you have something for me?" Kyle asked, getting straight to the point.

"We've made some progress. I have no idea who that man is working for, but he must be a powerful man," Alfredo confessed, prompting Kyle to lean back in his chair and sigh.

"It sounds like you have nothing for me, Alfredo," Kyle said, disappointed that this man wasted his time with something that could have been said over the phone.

"Not quite. We know he is associated with one of the other four powers of the underworld," Alfredo added, but Kyle had no idea what he was talking about.

"I think I'll need a little explanation," Kyle said, and Alfredo had no problem educating him on how this world worked—since Kyle was now part of it.

"The Mafia, Gangs, Yakuza, and other criminal organizations make up the four powers," Alfredo explained. But the moment Kyle heard "Yakuza,"

There was only one name that came to mind—Nakamura.

Kyle knew this man was dangerous and would do anything to reach his goals, so it made sense that he would attempt something so brazen.

But what would he gain if Kyle died?

Kyle tried to connect the dots. Why would a trained killer be so sloppy?

There was no way a professional assassin wouldn't have killed him before he even perceived the threat.

Kyle trusted his fighting abilities, but there was only so much he could do against a gun.

He wasn't arrogant enough to believe he could disarm a top-tier assassin.

"It was a message?" Kyle thought to himself.

"Are you okay?" Alfredo asked, noticing that Kyle had gone somewhere in his head.

"I'm fine. Just a little tired," Kyle replied, before refocusing his attention on the man in front of him.

Kyle couldn't shake the feeling that Nakamura was behind this the moment he heard "Yakuza," because it was the only logical explanation for why a random person would try to take his life.

He wasn't funding the Mafia—he was just helping them distribute. And he wasn't the only one they had in mind for such a task.

The other studio that attempted to buy them out was a good alternative. Kyle knew they wanted to use his agency because it was still relatively small, even though it was gaining popularity.

"Thank you, Alfredo," Kyle said, showing his gratitude. But Alfredo was surprised he didn't ask what had happened to the man they had interrogated.

However, he understood why Kyle wouldn't be interested in the small details and let it be.

"Tell me about the goal of this drug," Kyle asked, trying to understand their motive.

"It'll be the next cocaine, man," Alfredo said with a smile. But Kyle knew there had to be a mastermind behind such an abomination.

Alfredo paused and looked at Kyle with a raised brow.

"You're interested in this," he said.

But Kyle didn't hesitate or panic. He simply looked him straight in the eyes.

"Do you plan on withholding information from me?" Kyle asked, his tone threatening. He knew he had to play the part to get results—and remind Alfredo that he was below him in the pecking order.

"N-No, I wouldn't do such a thing. But I've already told you what it does," Alfredo replied, confused.

"Then tell me why it hasn't hit the market despite it being more addictive than cocaine.

If such a drug existed, the public would gobble it up—unless…" Kyle paused.

"…The negatives outweigh the positives. And like a crook, you need me to package and sell a defective product to the public," Kyle pointed out.

And judging by Alfredo's reaction, he hit the nail right on the head.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 282 - 282: Ella Moves In!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle knew he had to put a stop to whatever the Mafia had going on but was also worried this was something Priscilla couldn't handle on this scale.

If it went wrong, there was no doubt she would lose her life.

Kyle had to think about this carefully but for now, he has bigger problems on his hands.

Nakamura was proving to be more dangerous than he had anticipated.

He might be associated with the Yakuza but this didn't mean he belonged to them.

Nakamura used his connections to put him in positions he shouldn't have otherwise been able to.

This would also explain how he rose to where he was in the entertainment industry despite having no ins.

Kyle couldn't rush into any decision and had to think everything through to draw up a new strategy to face this new threat.

He needed to rest his head because this day had proven to be quite tiring, he wondered if Ella would take him up on his offer.

Kyle parked in the driving lot and noticed Jones was nowhere to be found, Kyle noticed he was rarely home these days but he had learned his lesson.

He wasn't going to put his nose where it didn't belong because the last time he did, it bit him in the ass.

Kyle left Cassandra, Jane, and Jasmine in an unfamiliar place but it was a place where crime was almost nonexistent.

They could order food from any nearby restaurant as well because money wasn't a problem for any of them.

They didn't need to worry about it but this was only to get accustomed to this area.

Kyle approached the apartment but noticed Aiysha was seated on the steps, waiting for her husband but had a cigarette in hand.

"I didn't know you smoke," Kyle said despite contemplating if he should have just walked past her or not.

Aiysha quickly put the cigarette away, Kyle could tell she was spaced out moments ago and his voice was what brought her back to reality.

"Kyle?" Aiysha muttered under her breath but her voice sounded tired, Kyle could tell she was going through something.

His instincts screamed at him to leave it be but she had helped Jasmine so there was no way he could abandon her in her own time of need.

"That is my name last time I checked," Kyle said with a smile before sitting beside her but made sure it wasn't too close.

"Want to talk about it?" Kyle offered his listening ear and Aiysha was hesitant for a second.

"You don't have to if you don't want to," Kyle added because he could understand why she wouldn't want to reveal it to him considering how complicated their relationship had gotten.

"It is Jones…" Aiysha muttered and Kyle's silence allowed her to know the floor was open for her to express herself.

"I think my marriage is ruined," Aiysha said in a low tone but her voice was shaky.

Kyle knew she was the kind of woman who prided herself on her successful marriage and this was part of the reason she chose to better herself.

If it was pulled from beneath her, it would shatter her world and destroy her foundation but there was no doubt Jones loved her.

Kyle knew they would be fine but there was something that needed to be addressed.

"I don't think so…" Kyle said, pausing briefly as Aiysha turned her head to look at him.

"I have seen a man in love and Jones meets that standard. You both are going through a rough patch," Kyle said.

"Rough patch? I have been through that but this feels different," Aiysha confessed.

Kyle knew giving her advice wouldn't work, he needed to speak to both of them together.

"You know what? How about you both come to my place tomorrow so we can iron all this out?" Kyle suggested.

He kept on being nice to them despite his social status and how much he had helped them.

"R-Really? I don't want to take up any more of your time with my drama," Aiysha said.

However, Kyle knew this was his fault and none of this would have happened if he never befriended her.

He should have kept his relationship with her to a bare minimum but seeing as he was going to become a big part of their lives.

It made sense he would want to know the kind of woman Jones married because this was transitioning into a deeper bond.

And a woman was the representation of her man but either way, this was all Kyle needed to say because shortly after, Jones pulled up.

However, Kyle was nowhere to be seen when he did but this had been a draining day.

Kyle needed some alone time to rest and he finally had it.

There was no Jane, there was no Jasmine, he had his house to himself once again.

Kyle had no idea when he drifted off into a deep slumber but this was proof of how tired his body was.

Kyle soon woke up and to his utmost surprise, an hour had passed even though this was meant to be a thirty-minute nap.

He walked to the kitchen to get a cup of water, he was still dizzy and it was a miracle he didn't trip.

Kyle knew he needed to be hydrated because there was no way he was going to wake up again until the next day once he hit that bed.

However, he saw someone bent over right in front of him, she had on loose shorts but her butt cheeks swallowed them up.

It was what one would expect a woman to wear in her home but Kyle was in a hazy state of mind so it took him longer to put one or two together.

"Huh, Ella?" Kyle muttered and Ella immediately jumped up, turning to face Kyle in a single move.

All Kyle saw were her nipples begging to jump out of her loose baggy shirt and Kyle realized she was making use of the washing machine in his kitchen.

The shirt she had on wasn't hers either, it was his and boy, did it look good on her.

She didn't look embarrassed to be seen in this state and simply sighed.

"I hoped I could do this without waking you up," Ella said but her eyes soon glanced down at his crotch and there it was, Kyle's hardened cock staring right at her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 283 - 283: Lead Me Not Into Temptation.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was staring right at Ella and the same way she wasn't embarrassed to be seen in what she was in was the same way Kyle didn't feel self-conscious about his erection.

There was nothing he could do about it, it was normal for the body to respond to such a sight but acting on them was a different thing altogether.

"Are you going to stare forever?" Ella questioned, returning her focus to his eyes because this was nothing she hadn't seen before.

"Hey, you came," Kyle was partially surprised because he didn't expect her to come to a decision so fast.

"You're welcome," Ella blurted out but all Kyle did was chuckle because he knew why she was there.

"What is so funny?" Ella questioned with a raised brow.

"Don't tell me you came here because you were scared," Kyle teased and Ella instantly tightened up.

"You wish," Ella said but Kyle approached her with a smug expression on his face.

Ella didn't want him to have that satisfaction and was going to do everything in her power to deny him.

"Is that so? But I never said my house was safe, you know," Kyle said and he could tell Ella subconsciously looking around like they were outside.

"Whatever… How about you put that thing away," Ella tried her best to be dismissive but Kyle could tell he was getting under her skin.

"Put what away?" Kyle asked with a raised brow before Ella pointed at his crotch.

"That," Ella repeated but Kyle liked how comfortable she was even while he was in this state.

But Ella's body was something he had always wondered about, what lay beneath those clothes. The way those baggy clothes hugged her body gave him an idea.

"You know, you could help me out," Kyle suggested and this brought about an awkward silence because, to Ella, this was Jane's man.

However, learning Kyle had other women and Jane was fine with it changed the way she viewed their relationship.

Kyle closed their distance before patting her head.

"I'm just kidding," Kyle said before walking past her to get a glass of water.

He didn't even try to get rid of his erection because it was a normal function regardless of how much self-control a person had.

Kyle didn't see anything wrong because he was sure women had the same habits except they weren't built to alert the whole world.

Kyle gulped down his glass of water but Ella was still in the kitchen, Kyle couldn't help but admire her body.

He was free to do so because Jane had permitted him, if she was going to share him with other women then Ella might as well join her so they would be together.

This would also mean Kyle would take care of her as Jane didn't trust any man to see past her beauty.

They would do anything to get into her pants and should things go wrong, all it would take was one bad decision to send her spiralling.

However, Kyle had proven to be a good man who genuinely cared for her and also helped keep her grounded.

This was something no man had ever done for her but either way, it was all up to Kyle and most importantly, Ella.

Kyle left Ella and returned to his room, Ella was sleeping on the couch but it was more than comfortable.

But Kyle couldn't sleep, the erection he had was bothering him and needed a release.

The throbbing in his pants was proof that Ella had stirred up something in him and Kyle hated his increased libido because sex was one of the things he kept thinking about.

It was like the system had recalibrated his entire being so he would have the motivation to frequently engage with women even though Kyle knew this was a far-fetched assumption.

This was simply what life without depression looked like, he was no longer in survival mode.

"Damn…" Kyle thought to himself, recalling the encounter and every single curvature of her body.

This skill was the ultimate cheat code for perverts because they could relive the moment multiple times like they were there.

Kyle took out his cock and wrapped his hand around it. In no time, he began to stroke it with his eyes closed.

"Fucking hell…" Kyle muttered to himself, slowly increasing his pace but his imagination went deeper.

He wanted to feel Ella's body, this was something he couldn't help because when it came to it, he was a man.

But unknown to Kyle, he didn't lock his door all the way through and Ella was watching through the partially opened door.

This wasn't intentional, Kyle was simply too exhausted to care about making sure the door was closed.

Ella wanted to ask him for a blanket but to her utmost surprise, she saw him jerking off right there and then.

Ella knew walking in would be her invading his privacy even though she could knock but if she did, Kyle would realize he didn't close the door.

Either way, she didn't see herself coming out of this situation without being on the losing side.

However, Ella didn't leave because she, too, was sexually starved.

She wondered how Jane was able to take that in her because Ella wasn't sure she could.

The way Kyle touched himself, Ella wondered if he was jerking off to her which was both perverse and flattering.

But there was a problem as Ella felt something dripping down her thighs, she had no idea when it happened.

Ella, like a pervert, spread her legs and slipped her fingers in, peeking through the door like a peeping tom.

Ella was touching herself, not once averting her gaze because Kyle was the object of this fantasy.

She knew she could walk into that room and sit on it but Ella had to control herself because this man still belonged to her friend.

And if she could help it, she didn't want to be involved in the harem and it would take a lot more for Kyle to convince her to join.

However, just for tonight, this should be alright.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 284 - 284: A Call From...?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The morning broke and Kyle woke up to the smell of smoke, he jumped out of bed and instantly rushed to the kitchen.

Kyle was expecting the worst because he had no idea what the source of this smoke was.

But he entered the kitchen and to his utmost disappointment, all he saw was Ella struggling to make a meal.

"What are you doing?" Kyle asked but Ella was too busy trying to put out the fire that had stirred up in the pot. She was here less than 24 hours and already attempted to burn down his house.

All he heard was banging and tossing, Kyle knew if he left her to it, it was only a matter of time before she burned the place to the ground.

"Ella… Stay out of my kitchen," Kyle told her flatly, he sounded disappointed because it was too early in the morning for any of this.

The fact he didn't get enough sleep only made all of this all the more irritating because he was already overstimulated.

Ella managed to put out the fire but the shirt she had on was a casualty because it was not only partially burnt but the burn marks ruined it further.

Kyle just stared at her and sighed, she was the opposite of Jane and Kyle began to understand why Jane was so worried about her.

"How are you alive?" Kyle blurted out and Ella was surprised such words left his mouth.

She was a rich kid but she rebelled without learning the one thing meant to nourish herself.

But it made her development all the more impressive however Kyle wasn't about to lose his cool over this.

"Um… Why aren't you dead?" Ella fired back and there was an awkward silence shortly after.

"Touche," This was the word that escaped Kyle's lips.

-

Calista was living the life, and for some reason, her newfound fame opened up opportunities for her as her acting career soared through the roof.

This meant smaller celebrities began to reach out to her which warmed her heart because she was now attracting the kind of friends who she could benefit from.

This was the first step however she wasn't lacking.

It was the next day and she was getting a little worried that Kyle hadn't gotten back to her.

This was a first but Calista couldn't help it.

She was worried out of her mind because she knew this was something out of her control.

She was used to control and felt her influence slipping away.

She was no longer a part of his daily routine and this was proof of that.

Kyle found a way to hurt her ego each time she thought she was something special.

This made her question who he had gotten his interest

There was no way he could be so busy that he didn't check his phone for 24 hours.

Calista knew she couldn't lose him because he was the reason for all of this.

Calista couldn't see it but there was a shift in her.

She wondered if Jane was the reason and thought for a second about texting Ella.

However, this would anger Kyle or at least, this is what she thought.

Calista thought about a hundred ways to change the current situation but Kyle came out on top in each which only frustrated her further.

She had to push all negative thoughts out of her head as the world was about to become her stage. She had to be ready to play the part when the opportunity presented itself.

Then, it would be easy to attract an even higher calibre of men.

Calista was still mistaking Kyle's influence over her as something as simple as a mutual attraction.

It was yet to dawn on her that she was head over heels and no longer had control of the situation.

She got on the phone with Lorenzo and they spoke for a bit.

They had gotten closer over the past couple of days because Lorenzo was easy on the eyes.

Calista had to go shopping for new clothes because she had to get ready for a party.

This was not just any party but the gathering of some of the more prominent names in the industry.

Calista couldn't miss this for anything because it could be the single thing that changed her life for the better.

Kyle provided her the platform to stand on but it was up to her to decide if she was going to rise or fall.

She couldn't rely on Kyle and knew things could come crashing down at any moment but when it did, she would have built herself a raft.

Calista was going with Lorenzo as her plus one even though she wanted to have Kyle by her side.

Calista had to face reality, he wasn't her man and didn't belong to just her.

Lorenzo had picked out an outfit on the pricey side but Calista was surprised he was able to afford it.

He didn't give off that impression but it was a welcomed surprise because it meant she didn't have to cover his bills.

Calista was going to pick him up because the car she drove would fit a lot better but it would also show she was the one in control of whatever relationship she had with Lorenzo.

Everything she did was calculated and thought out, and by showing she had Lorenzo on a leash. This would indirectly draw attention from others.

She had to make a strong entrance and Lorenzo was key to that but in the middle of her thought process.

A call interrupted her, drawing her back to the present as she looked at her phone.

She thought the butterflies in her stomach had been killed by the acid within but it came to life the moment she saw the call was from Kyle.

She knew playing the ignoring game wouldn't work on someone like him but either way, this was a call she had to answer and she did just that.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 285 - 285: Calista's Bait [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle spoke to Calista and knew right away something was wrong by the tone of her voice; she sounded sick.

He asked if she was alright, but Calista told a lie and pretended to be sick so Kyle would be forced to come over.

Calista was manipulative and knew she needed to remind Kyle how good she felt.

Kyle arrived in a few minutes, and Calista was lying on the bed, visibly tired.

However, she had enough money to go to the hospital for a check-up, so why did she choose to be bedridden?

Kyle checked her temperature and realised it wasn't high at all before retracting his hand and sighing at the sight of this.

"You aren't sick, are you?" Kyle muttered under his breath, and Calista's eyes opened right away with a smug smile on her face.

"You stopped checking up on me," Calista pouted, and Kyle couldn't be mad about this.

He would rather she come to him rather than go to another man to fill that hole.

Kyle knew this was something that couldn't be helped because he was responsible for her emotional needs.

"I didn't…" Kyle said before sitting right on the edge of the bed, she was covered up in her blanket from her neck down.

"You did! You didn't even check the picture I sent you!" Calista barked, and Kyle simply chuckled.

"You sent something? I wonder what it was," Kyle teased.

"How about you raise this blanket and find out?" Calista said, but Kyle didn't take the bait.

"I thought you were sick…" Kyle said sternly because this couldn't become a habit in the long run.

It wasn't something he would be able to keep up with, especially when the boy who cried wolf existed.

What if something truly happened, but Kyle didn't take her seriously because of this singular event?

Kyle knew he had to make sure something like this wasn't the case, as his life had taken a more dangerous turn.

"You don't seem excited to see me," Calista pouted, but Kyle wasn't having any of it because he understood how manipulative she was.

Kyle was no longer going to fall victim to her games because he understood that if he did, Calista would think she had the upper hand.

Kyle no longer needed to give her the illusion of control because he was aware she knew exactly who he was.

"And what if I'm not? What if I have gotten bored and found someone more interesting?" Kyle responded.

Calista looked at him for a second before a smile creased her face; she wasn't buying a word coming out of his mouth.

"You say that, but your body… I wonder if it can forget me…" Calista teased, running her fingers along his chest.

"Can your body forget how I feel? How tight I feel…" Calista whispered, Kyle knew he couldn't give in or she wouldn't learn her lesson.

"Fuck… I'm wet just thinking about how you filled me up," Calista whispered, and Kyle could feel his body responding to her tease.

He knew he had to hold on even though the stakes weren't high, but it was something he had gotten used to nonetheless.

"Calista… Now isn't the time," Kyle tried to put a stop to it, but Calista already had her legs spread.

"I'm not asking you to touch me…" Calista paused as her fingers crawled between her legs.

"I want you to watch me and understand what you do to me," Calista's voice was sweet.

Kyle couldn't believe how good she was with this, but he had gotten a little experience under his belt because his system was coming in clutch.

All Kyle needed to do was adopt a character that would fit in this situation, but this was the first time he realised that adopting a character didn't change his desires.

It simply helped me mask it, but there was not much he could do with an erection.

Kyle looked at her and hated to admit it but her coochie was so damn beautiful.

It felt like it was crafted by Vincent van Gogh, and the way she slid her fingers in and out.

Each time coming out wetter than it did before.

"You want to taste me, don't you?" Calista said, placing the finger that was just inside her mouth.

Licking the juices clean off before looking at Kyle, she could tell he was drooling.

She couldn't blame him, and his body reacted to her.

Kyle had a raging boner that threatened to rip through his pants.

"This body is all yours… Master," Calista whispered, spreading her legs further apart.

Kyle hated to admit it, but her body was toned despite not working out.

Everything about her looked perfect, and there was nothing Kyle could do at that moment.

She had him, and Kyle leaned forward; she smelled so good.

Calista felt his hot breath against her inner thighs and smiled because she had just confirmed the reason why Kyle would always need her.

Kyle stuck his tongue out and gave her a lick.

She was right; she tasted so good, it was like an aphrodisiac.

The moment Kyle tasted her, his mind went blank.

Kyle dug his tongue so deep in her that she thought he would reach her cervix.

But this wasn't why he was so deep in her. Kyle began to tease his tongue around.

"Fuck Kyle... You're going to make me go crazy~!" Calista moaned.

Memorizing everything that made her taste so fucking good.

Calista bit her finger, trying her best not to moan, but that didn't last long because Kyle arched his tongue upward towards her stomach.

Calista had no idea when her hands grabbed his head, but Kyle had no intention of coming up for air.

It was like he suddenly developed fins, and Calista's eyes rolled to the back of her head.

She missed this, and in no time, Calista had an orgasm.

Squinting all over Kyle's face, she expected him to stop, but he didn't.

Instead, he placed his thumb around her clit and began to rub it in a circular motion.

He was gentle, and the fact that she just had an orgasm made everything a lot more intense.

She began to convulse, mouth opened like a salivating dog, and it took little to no time before she had another orgasm.

Calista waited for this day and had been edging herself for days in preparation.

This only increased her sexual desires as well as her cravings.

Calista's body went limp and stopped responding to her brain.

Kyle finally came up, and his face was dripping with her juices.

The sight made her quiver; it was so hot seeing Kyle covered in her.

She expected him to unzip his trouser and fuck her right there.

However, Kyle showed restraint, and Calista realised he had somehow managed to take control of the situation by satisfying her but denying her the honour of doing the same for her.

"What are you waiting for?" Calista asked, but all Kyle did was smile.

"Is there something else I'm meant to do? I wouldn't want you having an aneurysm," Kyle teased with a cheeky smile.

Calista kissed her teeth but didn't have the energy to even move a muscle, so there was nothing she could do at this moment.

Kyle stood over her, and the bulge in his pants, all she wanted was for him to take it out and shove it down her throat.

She wanted it so bad, and Kyle could tell by the look in her eyes, but this was a lesson she had to learn.

"Isn't this why you called me? You wanted me to play with you," Kyle said, pausing briefly before staring at her shaky leg.

"I'm not stopping you… If you want it, you will have to come get it," Kyle teased, but Calista was at his mercy.

Calista mustered every ounce of strength she could muster and crawled towards him, reaching for his pants, but Kyle took a step back.

"What are you doing?" Calista asked, and Kyle had a perverse idea as he took out his phone and pointed it at her.

Calista knew recording this could go wrong in so many ways, but it was Kyle; she trusted Kyle with her whole being.

"A camera? Do you want to think about me when you're fucking others?" Calista teased.

She stared right at the camera before sticking out her tongue as far as it could go.

"Do you think you can take my breath away?" Calista asked, drooling as spit dripped down her tongue.

She could see Kyle's cock twitching within the trouser he had on and knew he wanted her as bad as she wanted him.

She began to crawl towards him once again, and this time, Kyle didn't move.

The truth was, Kyle had no idea this would work; he expected a different reaction.

It was no secret was the freakiest lady he had met, but recordings?

This was a whole new dimension and opened room for even more adventures.

Kyle was certain Jane wouldn't be interested in that or even Cassandra, but Calista was a woman he knew he couldn't lose as long as he had money.

This was why he used her to experiment on his fantasies and choices, but like always, Calista reminded him why he would come back to her.

She reached him and zipped down his pants and the sudden spring made the cock slap her right across the face.

"Oh my… You were excited to see me after all,"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 286 - 286: The Coochie Of Medusa (18+)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle knew what he was going to do with Calista; she had him on the ropes, and each time he felt he could leave whenever he wanted to.

She reminded him that no one else had a body like hers, no one else could please him like she could.

She stroked his ego as she stroked his cock, there was no going wrong with her and Kyle watched like an excited kid behind the camera as he witnessed his cock disappear into her mouth.

Kyle couldn't believe it could feel this good; he thought he had experienced her best, but each time, it got better.

Kyle couldn't comprehend why, but it showed Calista was holding back each time they had sex, only to give him a new high.

"Fucking hell! This bitch is good," Kyle thought to himself, trying his best to remain composed but each bob of the head made him question how long he could hold on for.

She wasn't rough, she did it gently, but there was something about her throat that made this experience feel like a divine one.

Calista finally allowed his cock to rest, a spit web connecting her lips with the tip of his cock.

"It looks like my throat has finally memorised who it belongs to," Calisat spoke, but Kyle was surprised she could handle it.

From the outside, her body looked so small and fragile, but it did things most girls couldn't even dream of doing.

Kyle placed both his hands at the back of her head, and Calista smiled because at this moment, she knew Kyle was unravelling.

She thought she lost him for a moment, but Calista knew the experience she could give him was unlike any other.

Kyle tried to slide his cock into her mouth but Calista kept her lips closed, making it impossible for him to penetrate.

This made his spit-soaked cock rub all over her face, Kyle saw the spit smear all over her pretty face and there was something about seeing a lady this beautiful in such a state.

"You poo-!" Calista tried to speak, but all she did was give Kyle an avenue to penetrate.

"Fuuuuckk~!" Kyle moaned the moment his cock slid down her throat, it was like a maze in which he held all the key.

"H-He is going to suffocate me!" Calista thought to herself yet her coochie was dripping like a water faucet.

She found her back against a wall, and Kyle placed both his hands on said wall for support before thrusting his waist back and forth.

It was difficult for her to breathe, but she didn't care about oxygen; she couldn't care less if she passed out because the only thing on her mind was satisfying Kyle.

Kyle began to take deep, long strokes. he expected her to tap out, but it never came. All she did was stick out her tongue to fully allow him to experience her fellatio skills with his slapping balls tapping against her tongue.

She placed a hand between her legs and began to touch herself as Kyle violated her other mouth.

"I'm going to cum!~" Kyle was drooling at this point, he could feel the strenght being sucked out of him.

This woman was good, but just as he was at the cusp of climax, Calista denied him this bliss, suddenly pushing him away.

Kyle stumbled to the ground, but due to the fact that he was about to climax, he was weak all over.

Calista stood above him, and Kyle looked up at her helplessly, trying his best to compose his thoughts.

This felt different; it was a lot more intense than he was used to, and he still needed time to wrap his head around it.

Kyle saw cock was throbbing like it had become sentient and he lookked at Calista.

"What are you doing?" Kyle questioned.

"Why cum in my mouth when you can cum in me?" Calista questioned, spreading the lips between her legs so Kyle could see everything.

Kyle gulped. He was stupid to think he had caught up to her level of experience, even with her limited number of partners.

Calista lowered herself slowly before sitting directly on his cock, Kyle could feel the warmth and wetness.

The moment it made contact, it took everything in him not to grab her waist and slam his entire cock into her.

Calista balanced right above his cock, Kyle's cock continued to throb and Calista seemed to revel in it.

"Say it," Calista whispered seductively.

"Say what?" Kyle tried to maintain control of the situation even though he could feel it slipping away.

"How much you want me," Calista said, swaying her hips with her coochie slit rubbing against his cock soaked in pre-cum.

"T-The hell is this? Why does it feel so good?" Kyle thought to himself, referring to her swaying hips.

"Can't you see how it is twitching? Say it, baby… Let me hear you say it," Calista kept edging him on, and Kyle hated the position he was in.

He wanted this so bad. Why did he think he could resist her in the first place?

She was the perfect fuck toy for a reason.

"I-I want you…" Kyle muttered, hesitating for a brief second.

"How bad?" Calista asked with a smirk, placing her hands on his abdomen, balancing herself.

Kyle knew playing along was his best course of action if he was going to enjoy this to its fullest potential.

"I crave you so bad… I try to control myself, but all I can think about is being inside you, Calista," Klye muttered.

Calista could see the lust behind those eyes, and it fed her ego; this validated her.

"You're just saying that because you want to fuck me," Calista tried to downplay the entire experience.

Kyle smiled before that evolved into a chuckle, which took Calista off guard.

"I guess it can't be helped," Kyle said, placing both his hands on her waist before plunging her down.

Calista thought she could remain sane but the moment the first few inches entered her, all she could think about was bouncing on that cock like she was a pornstar.

"Nyaaa!~" Calista let out a cut moan, and Kyle didn't need to raise her because she did it herself.

Calista was sexually starved; she couldn't control herself once Kyle was inside her.

She began to bounce on his cock, her ass went up and descended like a meteorite with her buttocks rippling each time it made contact with his pelvis.

Kyle could feel his cock being suffocated by her inner walls but the best part was yet to come.

"Fuck! You feel so big inside me!~" Calista praised Kyle, but before he knew it, she wrapped her hands around his neck.

Kyle thought it was her being a little rough, but Calista tightened her grip like she truly intended to kill him.

She didn't slow down either, she kept bouncing up and down on his cock like a sex maniac.

Kyle had no control because he didn't even have the strength to take her hands off his neck.

"You think any other woman can give you a pussy as good as this!?~" Calista barked, riding Kyle as she said so.

Kyle couldn't breathe, let alone talk, Calista rode his soul out of his body and the fact that his body was fighting to survive.

However, none of it mattered because at the point of passing out, Calista released his neck, and her rhythm slowed in unison.

"You can never leave me!~" Calista barked, violently coming down on him.

"Never!~" She kept on saying, and Kyle had no idea why this entire thing was not a huge red flag. All his body felt was pleasure; he thought he had reached the ceiling, but Calista just showed him he was yet to scratch the surface.

Kyle had busted the biggest load of his life right inside her; he didn't care at that moment where it was or if he got her pregnant.

Even though something told him Calista wasn't one to want kids, at least not at her age.

Kyle was breathing heavily, like his soul was about to cross into the afterlife.

And that was when Calista began to move her hips slowly, raising her ass before slowly bring it down like she was trying to scoop up every last drop of semen.

However, this was simply her gearing up for round two; she had no idea when next she was going to see Kyle and was going to take everything she could.

She was going to make him addicted to her. She leaned forward and kissed him.

Grinding her hips with him inside of her, Kyle just came and was hard already in no time, even though he knew another round would tire him out.

He couldn't do that because he had things to do, but he was too weak to resist at this moment.

Calista brought her A game, and Kyle was no match, riding him slowly while they made out.

"What the fuck is this woman made of!?" Kyle thought to himself as he neared another orgasm.

She had somehow become even tighter.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 287 - 287: The Mafia.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was laid up with Calista; she had slept off in his arms and wondered what Calista's plan was overall.

Kyle knew she was nothing more than a fuck toy that could help him multiply his wealth but that was all she was.

However, it was beginning to dawn on Kyle that this woman was in love with him.

There was no other way of putting it, but did this mean he had forgiven what she did to him?

That was a question that remained unanswered because he bought her one of the most expensive cars in the world, despite his motive being to help her find herself in this exact situation.

Everyone had a price, and Calista's release clause had been paid in full.

Money wasn't a big deal to Kyle, but it was to everyone around him.

Kyle listened to her breathing and knew the last thing he could do was have her pregnant for him.

There would be so many ways she gained the upper hand, even though this would tether her to Kyle forever.

Kyle already knew he could win custody should it ever come to that, but his polygamous relationships might hinder this.

Kyle thought about all possible outcomes, and he came out on top in all.

Calista was good, but Kyle knew deep down, she wasn't a good person.

Everyone is kind to people they like or could benefit from; it wasn't a judgment of their true character.

How she treated him that day was who she truly was, and Kyle's Total Recall meant he would never forget that event, especially since it happened a few days before the system came to life.

Kyle wondered why she never spoke about her family or anything regarding her past.

Everyone had childhood wounds, moreso in this day and age but this was no excuse to become a crappy adult.

Kyle had every reason to be a terrible person, but his experiences didn't turn him into that.

Even though a major part of his childhood was a blur, he recollected certain events falsely.

Calista's phone buzzed soon, but Calista didn't wake up. Kyle was tired as well and should have passed out, but this system gave him an unfair advantage.

The phone buzzed again, and Kyle thought about checking who it was but realised he didn't care enough.

This woman had lost his trust with the stunt she pulled, but was she still in contact with the girl?

It had been a while since Kyle had heard from her as well, like she disappeared off the face of the earth, and he didn't even need to pay her off.

But then her doorbell rang, and Kyle sighed the moment it did because it would be troublesome if any random person saw them together.

He was already in the spotlight this week, and adding more drama would be in no one's best interest.

Kyle saw that Calista wasn't responding, so he had to nudge her slightly to try to wake her up because he had no intention of answering the door himself.

"Hey, wake up. Someone's here," Kyle managed to jolt her awake, and Calista was still sleepy-eyed.

However, she heard the doorbell and realised it must be Lorenzo; she had slept longer than she thought.

"Um… Aren't you going to get that?" Kyle asked, and Calista lazily got out of bed.

Kyle stayed in bed because he knew no one would come to her bedroom, so he could wait them out.

Calista hadn't told Kyle about her plans tonight, but Lorenzo came a lot sooner than she expected.

Calista quickly got dressed but also touched up her face just a little, an act Kyle took note of.

"Hm…" Kyle thought to himself, but didn't say a word.

She left the room and closed the door behind her, but Kyle could hear the voice of a man behind the door.

This didn't set him off because he knew Calista would have friends of different genders, and her body count showed she wasn't one to spread her legs easily.

She came back to the room soon after with a big smile on her face that instantly disappeared.

"Hm…" Kyle thought to himself, not paying further attention to what was happening.

"Is your friend leaving anytime soon? I need to leave," Kyle informed her.

"We are supposed to go out for a party," Calista blurted out without much thought to it.

"A party?" Kyle repeated to Calista, and Calista nodded. She laid a few dresses on the bed.

"Which do you think I should wear?" Calista asked him, finding a way to involve Kyle in the decision.

Kyle saw the dresses she laid out and realised they were all top notch, this wasn't a regular party, or she wouldn't be dressing this "expensive".

Kyle didn't ask any questions and simply helped her pick one of the dresses she had laid out.

"This would look good on you, no doubt," Kyle added.

Calista's brow furrowed because he showed no curiosity as to where she was going.

But Kyle believed, as long as he wasn't told, it was none of his business.

A mindset that has helped him stay out of people's business.

"Hey, Calista… Are you talking to me?" Lorenzo's voice slipped through the cracks, and there was no doubt Kyle heard him.

Kyle didn't show any reaction because the truth was, Kyle wasn't worried about any other man because they couldn't compare in resources.

And the fact remained, Calista needed him, not him needing her.

"No, Lorenzo!" Calista fired back, but Kyle knew that name.

"Oh, it is a work party," Kyle said, and Calista nodded, but that was all that came out of Kyle's mouth regarding the event.

"Now come over here…" Kyle gestured, and Calista did just that; she leaned forward, and Kyle held her in his arms.

"You have done well for yourself, and I know you know… All of this is because of me," Kyle whispered into her ear.

"And I want you to know, I simply gave you this world because I know it belongs to you, not because I thought you were incapable of claiming it for yourself," Kyle said, and Calista's heart began to thump.

"W-What are you saying suddenly?" Calista stuttered, and Kyle smiled.

"Nothing, I said nothing…" Kyle responded before landing a kiss on her forehead.

The truth is, beauty sets an unfair standard, and people discredit the accomplishments of attractive people because they associate them with their beauty and not hard work.

Calista didn't care about the reason Kyle did what he did, but regardless, she believed deep down it was because he didn't believe she could do it on her own.

Kyle had said words she didn't know she needed to hear, but she wrapped her hands around him tightly.

A gesture that Kyle noticed and confirmed, she was just like everyone else when it came down to it.

-

Alfredo had done his job, but calling The Butcher, the person they tutored didn't survive, but the Mafia didn't hide that they were the ones who killed him.

They cut up his body into tiny pieces and littered it across the territory of every gang to let them know they were the ones responsible.

This was common with them because they remained the most influential crime syndicate.

And all organisations knew they wouldn't do something like this unless someone had crossed a line.

Alfredo was worried that this could escalate into a war, and despite his being in this sect, he wasn't all that great when it came to combat.

But hoped it wouldn't come to it, the tension in the underworld was reaching a boiling point.

Alfredo had no idea what was going to happen with this latest demonstration, but the attempt on Kyle's life was strange to him.

There was no way a skilled hitman would have missed; it seemed a little too good to be true.

Kyle was the man who took down Clarence, but was he truly skilled enough to survive an assassination attempt?

There was only so much one could do against a gun pointed right at you; killers don't miss.

Alfredo learned one thing: it was never a good idea to dig too deep, or he might uncover something that would cost him his life.

This was why he preferred blissful ignorance; this was how he survived without losing his mind.

Alfredo knew Kyle was a dangerous man, but there was no way he was foolish enough to plan this, was there?

Alfredo was coming up with a theory of his own, but there was no evidence or proof to support this theory.

-

"We have reports of multiple sightings of body parts around several cities." A police briefing was being held.

Priscilla and Oliver had come in with one of their biggest busts, with Kyle submitting the evidence he had acquired to Priscilla to make the arrest.

This meant they just came off a high, and it was high-five all around, so they were the favourites to take this case because the momentum was on their side.

"It is the Mafia," Priscilla muttered under her breath, but unlike the fiery look she had in her eyes for the previous bust.

There was a hint of fear in them.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 288 - 288: A New Friend Or...? [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was laid up with Calista; she had slept off in his arms and wondered what Calista's plan was overall...

Kyle knew she was nothing more than a fuck toy that could help him multiply his wealth but that was all she was.

However, it was beginning to dawn on Kyle that this woman was in love with him.

There was no other way of putting it, but did this mean he had forgiven what she did to him?

That was a question that remained unanswered because he bought her one of the most expensive cars in the world, despite his motive being to help her find herself in this exact situation.

Everyone had a price, and Calista's release clause had been paid in full.

Money wasn't a big deal to Kyle, but it was to everyone around him.

Kyle listened to her breathing and knew the last thing he could do was have her pregnant for him.

There would be so many ways she gained the upper hand, even though this would tether her to Kyle forever.

Kyle already knew he could win custody should it ever come to that, but his polygamous relationships might hinder this.

Kyle thought about all possible outcomes, and he came out on top in all.

Calista was good, but Kyle knew deep down, she wasn't a good person.

Everyone is kind to people they like or could benefit from; it wasn't a judgment of their true character.

How she treated him that day was who she truly was, and Kyle's Total Recall meant he would never forget that event, especially since it happened a few days before the system came to life.

Kyle wondered why she never spoke about her family or anything regarding her past.

Everyone had childhood wounds, moreso in this day and age but this was no excuse to become a crappy adult.

Kyle had every reason to be a terrible person, but his experiences didn't turn him into that.

Even though a major part of his childhood was a blur, he recollected certain events falsely.

Calista's phone buzzed soon, but Calista didn't wake up. Kyle was tired as well and should have passed out, but this system gave him an unfair advantage.

The phone buzzed again, and Kyle thought about checking who it was but realised he didn't care enough.

This woman had lost his trust with the stunt she pulled, but was she still in contact with the girl?

It had been a while since Kyle had heard from her as well, like she disappeared off the face of the earth, and he didn't even need to pay her off.

But then her doorbell rang, and Kyle sighed the moment it did because it would be troublesome if any random person saw them together.

He was already in the spotlight this week, and adding more drama would be in no one's best interest.

Kyle saw that Calista wasn't responding, so he had to nudge her slightly to try to wake her up because he had no intention of answering the door himself.

"Hey, wake up. Someone's here," Kyle managed to jolt her awake, and Calista was still sleepy-eyed.

However, she heard the doorbell and realised it must be Lorenzo; she had slept longer than she thought.

"Um… Aren't you going to get that?" Kyle asked, and Calista lazily got out of bed.

Kyle stayed in bed because he knew no one would come to her bedroom, so he could wait them out.

Calista hadn't told Kyle about her plans tonight, but Lorenzo came a lot sooner than she expected.

Calista quickly got dressed but also touched up her face just a little, an act Kyle took note of.

"Hm…" Kyle thought to himself, but didn't say a word.

She left the room and closed the door behind her, but Kyle could hear the voice of a man behind the door.

This didn't set him off because he knew Calista would have friends of different genders, and her body count showed she wasn't one to spread her legs easily.

She came back to the room soon after with a big smile on her face that instantly disappeared.

"Hm…" Kyle thought to himself, not paying further attention to what was happening.

"Is your friend leaving anytime soon? I need to leave," Kyle informed her.

"We are supposed to go out for a party," Calista blurted out without much thought to it.

"A party?" Kyle repeated to Calista, and Calista nodded. She laid a few dresses on the bed.

"Which do you think I should wear?" Calista asked him, finding a way to involve Kyle in the decision.

Kyle saw the dresses she laid out and realised they were all top notch, this wasn't a regular party, or she wouldn't be dressing this "expensive".

Kyle didn't ask any questions and simply helped her pick one of the dresses she had laid out.

"This would look good on you, no doubt," Kyle added.

Calista's brow furrowed because he showed no curiosity as to where she was going.

But Kyle believed, as long as he wasn't told, it was none of his business.

A mindset that has helped him stay out of people's business.

"Hey, Calista… Are you talking to me?" Lorenzo's voice slipped through the cracks, and there was no doubt Kyle heard him.

Kyle didn't show any reaction because the truth was, Kyle wasn't worried about any other man because they couldn't compare in resources.

And the fact remained, Calista needed him, not him needing her.

"No, Lorenzo!" Calista fired back, but Kyle knew that name.

"Oh, it is a work party," Kyle said, and Calista nodded, but that was all that came out of Kyle's mouth regarding the event.

"Now come over here…" Kyle gestured, and Calista did just that; she leaned forward, and Kyle held her in his arms.

"You have done well for yourself, and I know you know… All of this is because of me," Kyle whispered into her ear.

"And I want you to know, I simply gave you this world because I know it belongs to you, not because I thought you were incapable of claiming it for yourself," Kyle said, and Calista's heart began to thump.

"W-What are you saying suddenly?" Calista stuttered, and Kyle smiled.

"Nothing, I said nothing…" Kyle responded before landing a kiss on her forehead.

The truth is, beauty sets an unfair standard, and people discredit the accomplishments of attractive people because they associate them with their beauty and not hard work.

Calista didn't care about the reason Kyle did what he did, but regardless, she believed deep down it was because he didn't believe she could do it on her own.

Kyle had said words she didn't know she needed to hear, but she wrapped her hands around him tightly.

A gesture that Kyle noticed and confirmed, she was just like everyone else when it came down to it.

-

Alfredo had done his job, but calling The Butcher, the person they tutored didn't survive, but the Mafia didn't hide that they were the ones who killed him.

They cut up his body into tiny pieces and littered it across the territory of every gang to let them know they were the ones responsible.

This was common with them because they remained the most influential crime syndicate.

And all organisations knew they wouldn't do something like this unless someone had crossed a line.

Alfredo was worried that this could escalate into a war, and despite his being in this sect, he wasn't all that great when it came to combat.

But hoped it wouldn't come to it, the tension in the underworld was reaching a boiling point.

Alfredo had no idea what was going to happen with this latest demonstration, but the attempt on Kyle's life was strange to him.

There was no way a skilled hitman would have missed; it seemed a little too good to be true.

Kyle was the man who took down Clarence, but was he truly skilled enough to survive an assassination attempt?

There was only so much one could do against a gun pointed right at you; killers don't miss.

Alfredo learned one thing: it was never a good idea to dig too deep, or he might uncover something that would cost him his life.

This was why he preferred blissful ignorance; this was how he survived without losing his mind.

Alfredo knew Kyle was a dangerous man, but there was no way he was foolish enough to plan this, was there?

Alfredo was coming up with a theory of his own, but there was no evidence or proof to support this theory.

-

"We have reports of multiple sightings of body parts around several cities." A police briefing was being held.

Priscilla and Oliver had come in with one of their biggest busts, with Kyle submitting the evidence he had acquired to Priscilla to make the arrest.

This meant they just came off a high, and it was high-five all around, so they were the favourites to take this case because the momentum was on their side.

"It is the Mafia," Priscilla muttered under her breath, but unlike the fiery look she had in her eyes for the previous bust.

There was a hint of fear in them.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 289 - 289: Priscilla Confliction? [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle watched Calista go out with Lorenzo, but he remained in her home because it was like his own at that point.

Calista didn't request that he leave either, but this allowed Kyle freedom to explore her quarters.

He was surprised it was neat; there was not a single speck of dust in the house.

Kyle wondered if she had a cleaner or she did it all herself, not that it mattered.

He lay on her bed and took out his phone. Kyle knew he needed some rest.

Even with his skills, he was still feeling the aftereffects, but it didn't mean he would be bedridden.

He knew Ella was living with him, and while she was aware he was seeing other women, he didn't want her to know each time he had sex.

Kyle took out his phone to see how things were going with Priscilla; she had yet to give him an update regarding the judge whom she had taken to jail.

The last thing he would want is for him to get off on some technicalities and pull a Punisher on him.

However, she picked up her phone rather quickly. Kyle was used to it ringing a couple of times before getting an answer, not right away.

"If it isn't my favourite police officer," Kyle began the conversation and could tell she was annoyed right away as she sighed.

[[What do you want?]] Priscilla asked, but there was a momentary silence before the next set of words came in, even though the silence felt like an eternity.

[[I didn't get the chance to thank you for your help.]] Priscila added, but Kyle knew she didn't owe him any thanks because he was the one who she helped at the end of the day.

However, Priscilla was showing her gratitude, but Kyle could hear that something was bothering her.

"Are you okay?" Kyle asked, and another brief silence followed.

[[I am, why?]] Priscilla asked, but Kyle stopped for a second to think about his response because he couldn't blurt out the first thing that came to his mind.

"You sound strange," Kyle responded, but this shocked her. Priscilla was a master of deception.

No one should be able to tell, so how did Kyle pick up on this so fast?

[[Why did you call me, Kyle?]] Priscilla ignored his question because she didn't feel the need to answer anything she didn't want to.

"I called to check up on you. It was a significant disappointment, so I want to know how it has affected you. It felt personal for you." Kyle quickly changed the objective of the call after picking up that something was bothering her.

Another brief silence followed, but Priscilla didn't say a word despite how much time had passed.

"Are you there?" Kyle asked.

[[I'm fine, Kyle. I just told you, is there anything else you want to ask?]] Priscilla questioned, but Kyle just sighed.

Something was exhausting about communicating with her, but he had to put up with it because she was his only access to the police force.

"You know what? I will just ask Oliver," Kyle said and before he could move to end the call.

[[Is that a threat?]] Priscilla questioned, she sounded so serious that one would assume he had just made a threat to take her life.

This confused Kyle because this wasn't his intention, but she took it too seriously for it to be nothing.

"Woah! Take it easy…" Kyle was genuinely taken aback by this because there was no need for all of this aggression to begin with.

Priscilla knew she had to calm down, and this could be noted by her deep breath.

[[I have been assigned a new case.]] Priscilla informed Kyle, hoping she didn't need to speak further on it.

"A new case? No day off, huh?" Kyle responded, but got no response.

"It must be a big deal if it even affects you," Kyle added, but once again didn't get a response.

Kyle was now certain something had happened behind the scenes.

It had to do with the new case she had been assigned, no doubt.

"I will talk to you later," Kyle said before hanging up the phone right away.

There was no reason to remain on the phone at that point.

Kyle was certain she had her reason for acting the way she did, and now wasn't the time to play detective.

He thought about contacting Oliver, but something told him Priscilla wouldn't take kindly to it.

Oliver was the compassionate one, but Kyle had seen he wasn't some mindless puppet who did everything he was told; otherwise, Jasmine's brother would most likely have suffered lifelong injuries.

He had Oliver to thank for that, but Kyle turned on the television to entertain himself for a bit, but the news came on.

It reported the killing of a man whose body was found in multiple cities.

But this wasn't what spooked Kyle; it was the identity of the body found.

It was the same man who had attempted to kill Kyle.

Kyle instantly knew why Priscilla was so shaken; it must be because this was the case she had been given.

"The fuck Alfredo…" Kyle muttered to himself upon witnessing what they had done to the man.

This was getting complicated because Priscilla would no doubt become a target.

This was something he couldn't let happen.

-

Priscilla got off the phone with Kyle and didn't look bothered by what he had done.

The fact that he hung up was expected, but she had more pressing matters on her hands.

She was smart enough not to inform Kyle about what was going on because there was a chance it could leak.

The last thing she wanted was everyone being informed she was going after the Mafia.

If anything, it would serve as a means to keep the case under wraps, but if the stories of a mole were true.

Priscilla knew she would soon be approached by someone who would want her to play ball.

This way, she would act as a double agent and betray everything she stood for.

"Kyle calls you now?" Oliver questioned, but Priscilla didn't give a verbal response and chose to shrug.

They were about to leave the police station to meet up with the unit currently at the crime scene.

They needed to know as much as possible, but they had already identified the victim.

He was a nobody; there was no affiliation with any major crime sect, and the only crime he had on record was a speeding ticket. That was a far shot from being a violent criminal to incur such a reaction.

Other than that, he was clean, which made Priscilla wonder how he got such a reaction from such a powerful syndicate family.

This wasn't a random murder; it was a warning.

Oliver could tell she was in thought and already knew she was deciphering the case.

This was how her mind worked; it did so 24/7 until the case was solved.

"What is going through that head of yours?" Oliver questioned.

"The killing is too extreme for a person with no affiliation to any major crime sect, don't you think?" Priscilla questioned.

"I mean, they might have crossed them without knowing?" Oliver proposed.

"This is the Mafia, they have more effective means of dealing with infractions… This was a message, but to whom?" Priscilla said.

Oliver appreciated that she had already started working on the case, but he could tell how tired she was just looking at her.

"And did you notice the connection in which the body parts were sent?" Priscilla questioned.

"They are all territories held by some of the biggest crime groups," Oliver pointed out.

This showed he had done his research despite the case being given to them a couple of hours ago.

"This wasn't the killing of an innocent man… But they have caught America's attention," Priscilla added with a sigh.

"This is a chance to make a difference," Oliver said.

"A difference? I do hope so," Priscilla responded, but the truth was, she knew this would barely scratch the surface.

This was the Mafia they were talking about, not some small gang, and they had connections in high places.

Priscilla knew they were up against the impossible and had no idea how to approach this because this was something even the FBI couldn't crack.

-

Ella had interacted with Jones for a bit, and the first impression she had of me was a good one.

He didn't make any inappropriate comments, kept his eyes above her chest and acted like a man who was taken.

She wanted to leave, but Kyle's apartment was too comfortable; it had everything she would need, and this allowed her to snoop around.

Ella checked for things that Kyle would have otherwise kept hidden, but to her surprise, nothing was incriminating in his apartment.

He must have done some thorough cleaning, considering Jane did live with him for some time.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 290 - 290: Ella And Kyle Moment? [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle returned home later that evening, but part of him hoped Ella wasn't there because he wanted some alone time.

However, Kyle knew there was little to no chance of his being attacked with what the Mafia had done.

However, this showed he had entered a world he had no idea of because it all escalated a little too quickly.

He knew he had to speak to Nakamura, but more importantly, who was the person watching over him?

Someone was giving him warnings, but there was no way to pinpoint who.

Either way, he didn't care too much about any of this because he understood the repercussions of all of this.

He needed to see Jane, so Kyle found himself missing her even though he knew he couldn't talk to her about it.

Kyle walked into the house and noticed it was pretty much the same as when he left it.

There were a few things littered around, but it looked recent, and this was how Kyle knew Ella was around.

She had settled her belly but didn't leave anything for Kyle. Kyle was thankful because he had seen the disaster she had caused earlier that morning.

He didn't know if she could cook or not, but he was going to risk his life to find out.

He saw she had tried to wash the pot, but ultimately gave up because it was burnt black.

Kyle sighed because Jane never gave him this headache; Ella reminded him of a tomboy rather than a lady.

However, this was one of her appeals, so he couldn't complain and just smiled at the mess.

Kyle took a sponge and cleaned up, cleaning the pot and wiping down the kitchen.

He was done in no time and decided to see what she was up to.

Kyle noticed the door was wide open and wondered if she was this careless with her security because it wasn't hard to tell she was asleep with the loud snoring escaping the room.

But this showed Kyle she trusted him. Of course she did, It would be hard not to trust someone who came through for them the way he did.

However, Kyle noticed she was in his clothes once again and even more exposed than she was the night before.

"Hm…" Kyle thought to himself upon noticing something in the room.

Kyle walked in quietly, even though he doubted she would wake up with the way she was snoring like a revving BMW.

Kyle checked on the table and noticed she was writing something in a notebook that didn't belong to him.

"A diary?" Kyle thought to himself before flashing a look back to see if she was awake.

Kyle returned his head to the book but processed what he had just seen, returning his head to confirm it was as he saw.

Kyle saw her breast, one had slipped out of the singlet's arm hole she had on, but that wasn't all.

The singlet was raised to the point he could see her underboob.

"Wow…" Kyle had to burn this sight into his head because everything looked perfect.

Kyle had to compose himself, but couldn't get the image out of his head.

He knew he had to get out of that room because the worst that could happen was him watching her.

Kyle walked out of the room, and unbeknownst to him, Ella had set up a small camera in her room.

This was a habit she had adopted because there was a time she began to doubt her memories and experiences.

Moving into a new house was a significant change for her, but another problem was that Ella tended to sleepwalk.

This was also another way of monitoring her patterns, but luckily for Kyle, all he did was look.

And no one could blame him for that, for he was a man at the end of the day.

-

Ella woke up an hour or so after the smell of food, she jumped right out of bed and rushed to the kitchen like a shameless child.

"What smells so good!?" Ella exclaimed, Kyle noticed she was wearing the same singlet and all he could think about was her purple nipple sticking out of them an hour ago.

He quickly pushed the thought out of his head, but needed to address something.

"You need to dress more appropriately!" Kyle scolded her, and Ella paused for a second.

"Why? You are lucky I'm not walking around naked," Ella was quick to put down his suggestion, but she paused for a second.

"... Oh," Ella muttered before looking at her chest, but not just that, she grabbed them and gave them a good squeeze.

"I mean, they are well covered in these," Ella said without any hint of shame.

"You do know I'm a man, right?" Kyle had to remind her.

"You will be fine, you have your hands and your harem to keep you company," Ella said before brushing past him and heading right to the pot.

Kyle knew he had to get his point across, and the moment Ella was positioned in front of the pot.

Kyle walked up behind her, which prompted Ella to turn around right away.

"Why are you so close?" Ella questioned with a raised brow.

Kyle knew she could leave any time she wanted, even with the dangers present.

Kyle pushed up against her and Ella felt his cock slip right between her buttcheeks.

It was huge, and Ella froze for a solid second because this caught her completely off guard.

"W-What are you doing?" Ella questioned.

"I'm showing you what happens to me when you're dressed like that," Kyle muttered.

"... Or is this your plan?" Kyle questioned, and before she could respond, he grabbed her waist and pulled her in.

It felt like a spring was about to erupt right between her buttocks; this was the pressure his erection projected.

"S-Stop! You have gotten your point across!" Ella said but Kyle needed to burn it into her head and began to move her waist side to side to stimulate his cock further.

"Or is this what you wanted?" Kyle questioned before bending her over the table.

"I said I got it! Don't go overboard!" Ella shouted before breaking free, not that Kyle was exerting much pressure to begin with.

But during her exit, she accidentally smashed his elbow right into his face, cutting his lips open.

"Shit! I'm sorry!" Ella was quick to apologize but stole a glance at his cock.

"It got bigger?" Ella thought to herself.

"It is fine… I should be the one apologising, I got carried away," Kyle owned up to it.

He looked at Ella and wanted to see how she looked beneath those clothes.

Jane permitted him after all, but Ella had to have considered it to be here.

"I don't mind you dressing like this, but I have to ask you for something," Kyle said, prompting Ella to raise a brow.

She was expecting him to ask her to spread her legs for him at this point.

"What do you want?" Ella's voice conveyed her scepticism.

"I want to have you dress like this, but I want to know if you're comfortable with me jerking off to you?" Kyle could have done this quietly without asking, but this would not only bring his perverse nature to the surface but also insert the idea of sexual intimacy into Ella's head.

Because even if she said no, she was aware she couldn't push the thought out of her head that Kyle was willing to jerk off to her.

"What the hell? Are you kidding?" Ella barked, but Kyle didn't look fazed by this.

"You could watch… I know you have needs as well," Kyle suggested, but this was so out of the blue.

"Hahahaha! You play too much," Ella said, hoping Kyle would laugh along, but he didn't.

Kyle instead chose to walk towards her, and Ella managed to back away until her back hit the wall. Kyle stood in front of her before grabbing her hand and placing it on his cock.

"... Do you want to be the one who jerks it?" Ella had no idea how he could do all of this with a straight face.

But this must be why other women found him irresistible; he knew how to take the initiative, and the pressure in the room made her heart thump.

Ella's smart mouth suddenly kept shut because his cock was right in her hand.

It was so hard and big, but something about all of this didn't sit right with her.

Ella found herself getting aroused by the show Kyle was putting on.

Kyle backed away soon after with a smile on his face because he got his answer with her silence.

"W-Why the hell are you smiling!?" Ella tried to regain her composure, but this only made Kyle laugh.

"Nothing, nothing… Your face is all red," Kyle pointed out, and Ella angrily exited the kitchen.

"Get your ass back here so I can serve you some food or you don't want to eat?" Kyle raised his voice loud enough before he heard Ella's footsteps heading right back.

She got her plate and stood in front of Kyle like a child in a cafeteria waiting for her serving.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 291 - 291: Back To The Gym [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle chuckled at how uncomfortable he made Ella, but she had the option to leave whenever she wanted.

But he only came to pick her up and get something to eat, Kyle knew it was time to resume the gym.

He had too much testosterone in his body but no healthy output; he couldn't just have sex with anyone, or he risked diminishing his value.

If any woman found out they could have him, it would make him a joke like those A-listers who could be found in every woman's direct message.

Kyle knew reputation was everything and couldn't gamble when it came to this because a ruined reputation couldn't be restored, regardless of how much a person had.

Kyle headed to the gym and hoped he wouldn't run into Aiysha there, but there was a high chance he would.

He didn't want to dismiss her as his trainer, but out of respect for their relationship, it was something he had considered.

Tasha was a good alternative, but there was a chance she was a dangerous woman to tangle with.

Kyle had limited slots in his harem, and the last thing he would want was an unnecessary person filling one of them.

He knew he had to be careful until the slots were filled; this was part of the requirement to level up, which would grant him a lottery.

Kyle needed one because the lottery made his life a lot easier overall, rather than the money itself.

He entered the gym and his eyes caught Aiysha right away, but she averted her gaze.

"Damn it…" Kyle thought to himself, but Tasha came out of nowhere and grabbed his arm.

Kyle didn't know why he felt relieved she was the one who approached, but also wondered why Aiysha didn't.

"Heyyy! I thought I wouldn't see you again," Tasha said with a grin, but Kyle wasn't one to fawn over such things.

"I have been very busy," Kyle said with a straight face. He could feel Aiysha's gaze through his peripheral vision.

"Is that so? How about you book one of those rooms back there, and I can help you with all that stress~" Tasha was flirting with him.

However, the way she approached him threw Kyle off; she was too direct, which meant this must be a regular occurrence for her.

A woman already had an advantage just being a woman, and if she was one to make the first move? Kyle could just imagine what her body count could be.

Kyle could feel eyes on him; it wasn't just Aiysha watching him, but other trainers, which told him one thing.

This lady here must have a reputation, and Kyle had done so much to protect his because one would consider this an easy lay.

However, every woman was an easy lay for Kyle so this didn't move him all that much even though he did momentarily think about burying his cock between those thick thighs.

"Can you get me Aiysha?" Kyle requested, she wanted it too much; no woman should want it this much.

"Aiysha?" Tasha questioned before looking her way and returning her gaze to Kyle.

"You do know she is married, right?" Tasha informed him, but all Kyle did was glare at her.

"I get it! Geez! No need to be so angry," Tasha responded before waving Aiysha down.

Aiysha was quick to notice this gesture because her attention was already on them.

She rushed down and saw Tasha's facial expression; you didn't need to be a rocket scientist to know she had been rejected.

"Is there anything I can help you with?" Aiysha spoke formally, but Tasha rolled her eyes and walked past her.

"All yours!" Tasha said before Aysha looked up and noticed Kyle had retained her.

"I'm surprised you came back," Aiysha said, but Kyle, who had mastered the act of socialising.

"And risk not turning my body into a Greek temple? Why would I do that when I have the best trainer any man could ask for?" Kyle praised her, and this dissipated whatever tension was in the air.

Kyle knew situations only became awkward if he allowed it to, and if he maintained his normal demeanour, the chances of the other person also doing the same increased exponentially.

Kyle was about to serve as a mediator in her marriage, so she didn't want to add any more burden on his shoulders.

This was one of those things that, if it went wrong, the cascading effects that would follow had the potential to ruin everything.

Kyle booked the private room, and they both went there, away from prying eyes.

"How is it going with the husband?" Kyle asked as he began his stretches.

"He is good, he came back home last night, but it looks like he is taking extra shifts," Aiysha said, but this didn't make sense considering he didn't need to work.

Their financial woes were resolved the moment the apartment was renovated because they had tenants like never before.

"He is taking extra shifts to stay away from her," Kyle thought to himself, but never did it cross his mind that he was cheating.

Kyle knew Jones might not have the best of pasts, but he made amends through his actions.

It was complicated, but they were making it work; that was what mattered.

"Extra shifts? Someone is a go-getter," Kyle praised Jones, but what he thought and what he said were two different things.

Aiysha gave him a nervous smile, but she wasn't stupid, even though she wished to be in this scenario. And she also knew Kyle wasn't an idiot and only said this to make her feel better.

Kyle noticed she had changed her dress style slightly; her breasts were no longer hanging out with the thin layer of extra clothing she had placed to cover them up.

A jacket that allowed air circulation, but using it in such an environment must be uncomfortable, but this was the downside of being busty.

There were barely any clothes that could fit without those breasts being a victim.

Kyle could tell she was uncomfortable, but said nothing. They must have revisited boundaries, or so he thought, but he noticed something was off with her.

"Are you okay?" Kyle asked, and Aiysha paused for a second like she was thinking about an answer.

"I don't think I am, I think I might have a fever," Aiysha confessed before taking a seat.

"A fever? Why didn't you stay home?" Kyle questioned, waiting for an answer.

"I didn't know I was sick. I was fine this morning," Aiysha said, prompting Kyle to sigh as he sat beside her.

"Can I?" Kyle took permission before touching her forehead to measure her temperature.

"Such a gentleman," Aiysha said before nodding, giving him the go-ahead.

Kyle placed his hand on her forehead, and she was burning out; it was a miracle she hadn't passed out.

There was no way Jones wouldn't have noticed this because a fever couldn't just spring out of nowhere unless they were still not intimate or on speaking terms.

Then again, he couldn't blame Jones because Aiysha, herself, couldn't tell.

"Fucking hell! You're burning up!" Kyle was visibly worried.

He stood up to give her space to lie down before rushing to the bathroom to get some water.

He hadn't started working out yet, so he used his clean towel to place it on her forehead.

"Look who learned…" Aiysha said, it was like it truly hit her the moment she entered this space.

She didn't want to train Kyle initially because she could tell something was off with her body.

This was why she had avoided him earlier, because she was trying her best not to burden Kyle any further.

"I learn from the worst," Kyle said. Aiysha managed a weak smile.

"That is not nice," Aiysha muttered, but Kyle knew they had to take off that jacket.

"Do you want me to get anyone? We need to get your temperature down," Kyle said.

However, Aiysha was already asleep; it must have taken everything in her to remain standing if it were any other client.

They would have reported her despite her condition because coming to work meant you were fit to perform your duties.

Kyle knew he had to cool her off and take off her jacket for her, but Aiysha's eyes opened momentarily.

Kyle pushed past the awkwardness of the situation because he had no plans of stripping her naked; however, he saw that she hadn't worn a bra.

Kyle gulped, but he managed to take her to the shower and run the faucet with her beneath it.

Aiysha woke up the moment the shower touched her skin, but in distress, Kyle could see she was writhing in pain.

If it were up to him, he would have taken her straight to the hospital because he didn't like the idea of self-diagnosing, especially if you do so wrongly.

Either way, he knew Aiysha had things under control and left her in the shower.

Unlike his past behaviours, Kyle kept his eyes above his chest all through.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 292 - 292: The Movie Premiere! [FIXED]!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The world was a violent place that had no place for the weak because those it couldn't destroy, it made them kill themselves.

Kyle was almost a victim of this, but was it the same universe that granted him his powers?

The question was never asked; it just dropped into his lap, and Kyle made it his own, but there was no telling what the origin of this power was.

What were the consequences that came with it? It could bend reality and make the impossible possible.

If such a thing were possible, it could only be one thing, and that was the existence of something superior.

Kyle helped Aiysha through her episode, but it was worrying that Jones didn't catch on to this before heading to work.

Kyle didn't know Jones for long, but was aware of the kind of man he was, and there was no way he wouldn't have caught on.

"Fucking hell Jones, what are you doing?" Kyle muttered under his breath as the shower ran.

Kyle knew he might have to book extra hours for her to get some rest, and that was something he didn't mind.

-

The Mafia had done something drastic, and everyone was on alert, but this didn't mean everyone appreciated this act of aggression.

It was a broad statement by the Mafia that had the potential to ignite a war despite the bosses of the underworld all holding each other in high esteem.

This was something that felt like an intimidation tactic, and the fact that it drew attention to their territories meant they had to halt operations for a while.

This meant it could hinder their source of income, and a day not dealing has the potential to record a loss in the hundreds of thousands.

This was something they couldn't tolerate because it left the territory the Mafia operated in unaffected.

It was a bold move, but they couldn't look weak regardless of the enemies they angered along the way.

Alfredo knew things were about to boil over, but he wasn't one to tell the Don what to do.

If anything, they only held this much power because of this man, because their family wasn't always powerful.

The Don had to do some despicable things to bring them to where they are, and this was why cruelty was needed to keep people in check.

Alfredo was also curious who would want Kyle dead. He was scary, but he had no affiliation with anyone until recently.

Either way, he knew he wasn't about to get involved with whatever was about to happen, at least not directly.

This was his job: to keep the products flowing and make sure the distribution was uninterrupted, but here came the problem.

It was no longer as easy because others had closed off their routes after the stunt they pulled.

This made the only way possible to use the back roads an illegal route that was sure to cause problems.

Alfredo hated being in this situation because he knew that if he was caught.

There was no doubt he would be killed or worse.

There was no way around this; he had to make a choice.

-

Isabella had taken the Agency to new heights, and it was thriving.

She had gotten multiple actresses' jobs already, and this only skyrocketed their fame.

However, these weren't breakout roles, but it was a good start regardless because it put their name on the map.

The movie premiere was for today, and Isabella was aware of the importance because this was the breakout movie that would put them on the map.

She had no idea how Kyle made it happen, but everything was going according to plan.

Revenue? It was far from lacking; everything was perfect right down to the minute detail.

Isabella thought he must have an ulterior motive, but there was nothing of such just yet.

Everything Kyle did was for the best of the Agency, and this was something she appreciated from the bottom of her heart.

This was a reveal because she knew she could rise to the top as long as Kyle remained by her side.

The most important feature she noticed was that he didn't make any passes at her and kept it professional.

If it were any other men, they would have tried to get in her pants, and this was why Kyle thrived when it came to women.

The abundance of mediocre men made the bare minimum feel like the peak of humanity.

If the world had better standards, Kyle wouldn't have had this much of an effect on the women around him, but the money aided in that as well.

Because this wasn't his reality when he was poor, it only became his reality as of late, and Kyle didn't argue with the fate the world had bestowed on him.

Isabella hadn't heard from him for quite some time, even though he was verbal in trusting her to handle everything.

She didn't expect him to be this hands-off, but Isabella knew they could reach new heights if Kyle decided to become an actor himself.

He was the perfect talent, she had never seen anything like that all of her life, but how does one ask their boss to become an employer in the very place they owned?

She had no idea how to and didn't want to push her luck either.

Isabella had a bad feeling about his dealings with Nakamura because that man rubbed her in all of the wrong ways.

Tonight was a huge stepping stone, and Isabella planned to attend the event; she had already received an invitation.

-

The night slowly crept up, and some A-list celebrities were present in that building; this also meant the security would be top-notch to ensure all of their safety.

The most glamorous people the world had ever seen were walking into this building, but there was one name that stood out in that arena– Jensen Ackles.

This man got all of the attention not only because of his dashing looks, but also because he never aged a day.

No one could believe someone like that would attend this, but it showed the reach Nakamura had to make this happen.

Jensen Ackles already had over a hundred pictures taken of him the moment he entered the gate, despite other celebrities being present.

The truth was he wasn't just a great actor onscreen, he was very likeable outside of it.

"Wow, so many cameras…" Jensen muttered under his breath, dressed in one of the most casual fits known to man.

A simple short-sleeved white shirt and black trousers with some sandals, with a Rolex around his wrist.

It took little over a minute for Calista to spot him, and the moment she did, she left Lorenzo's sight.

Lorenzo was puzzled by this until his eyes also caught wind of Jensen, and he, too, was eager to meet him but had to calm himself down.

Jensen didn't even register Calista in his line of sight because he was too busy trying his best to get into the building.

Calista knew she couldn't approach like a groupie, or that was how she would be treated.

Jensen finally saw her, but looked right past her like his eyes didn't register her.

Who could blame him? He has seen women Calista could only hope to look like, but it could also be because he was a married man.

Jensen finally made his way into the building with Calista trailing a couple of people behind him.

This was going to be a long night, but Calista knew she had to make the most of this gathering because there was no telling what role they would play in her life.

But the moment she stepped in, she recognised other smaller celebrities, but there was no doubt they had been in movies that trended, as she had watched them herself.

She instantly felt small despite being the star of this movie they all came to see, but Calista felt a hand around her shoulder.

She jerked her head in the direction of the hand and saw a man she wasn't familiar with.

It was no other than Nakamura, and Calista immediately broke away from him.

She would have cussed him out, but if he was able to get in here, it meant he must be someone of status. She forced a smile, fighting the urge not to recoil at the thought of his previous touch.

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to startle you," Nakamura was quick to apologise, with Yuki standing beside him.

Calista couldn't tell if this was an escort or his daughter, but it wasn't her responsibility, nor did she care about this information.

She wanted to meet Jensen but realised she had lost sight of him, kissing her teeth in frustration.

"It is fine, is there something I can help you with?" Calista questioned, trying her best to hold her smile.

"Nothing, I'm just here to congratulate you on the release of the movie," Nakamura said, but Yuki just looked at her with no visible admiration for her beauty.

"Thank you so much!" Calista showed her gratitude, but unknown to her, she was standing right in front of the man who made the movie possible.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 293 - 293: Movie Premiere Drama? [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Calista spoke to Nakamura without knowing who he was, but this was to be expected, considering he was a man who worked from the shadows.

But the questions he asked her seemed a little too direct; he knew things he shouldn't about the movie.

But the conversation was short-lived to her relief, and her eyes immediately scanned around the room to find Jensen, but to no avail.

She kissed her teeth in irritation, but it was out of control as Lorenzo rejoined her.

"Was that Jensen?" Lorenzo asked, to which Calista nodded. She suddenly wasn't interested in the others around her because she knew this man didn't have movies he was well known for, but the few series he did take his popularity through the roof.

"I lost him…" Calista admitted defeat, but she wasn't given time to mourn because someone joined her right away.

He might not be A-list, but the attention he commanded wasn't something to be overlooked.

"Calista, is it?" The voice, a soft, feminine voice, called out, prompting Calista to arch her head in that direction.

It was Ashley Greene; she wasn't well known per se, but her face was one people might have seen on the screen more times than once.

Calista, of course, knew her because she had done her research on the potential guests.

Especially celebrities in the C/D category, but this woman was a lot classier than she would have thought.

Calista might have the face, but she came nowhere near these people when it came to having a presence.

"You are Ashley!" Calista called out right away, and she could tell Ashley was flattered that she knew her by name and not her role in the famous movie, Twilight.

"Oh!" Ashley said before the pair burst out laughing. Ashey wore a simple white blouse coupled with high-waist black trousers and a pair of Mary Jane shoes.

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to be such a fan girl," Calista was quick to apologise.

The way she acted, anyone would think she was a humble and respectable woman, but this was far from her reality.

However, she knew the importance of first impressions and right now, she had to perform a lifetime because there was no doubt she was one of the people who had the spotlight today.

Ashley looked at Lorenzo and smiled at him, acknowledging his presence as well.

"It is fine… It is good seeing both of you, Calista and Lorenzo," Ashley said.

Lorenzo smiled back and nodded. Ashley was about to leave, but Calista knew she had to start networking.

But she also had to be mindful of how she carried herself because she had to act like she had been here before.

"Ah, if it isn't my two superstars!" Rossini exclaimed, he was like a different person but Calista could see through his bullshit because she knew what kind of man he was.

This must be for his public image; Lorenzo looked equally uncomfortable, but they both put on their acting faces, as they were certain Rossini felt the same way.

"The credit goes to you. I didn't even know such a simple movie could look so amazing!" Lorenzo spoke, and Rossini chuckled at this response.

They noticed people were around as well as cameras, so they had to make it look good.

"C'mon! It was only possible because of both of you!" Rossini tried his best to be humble, but the truth was, Lorenzo was right.

Rossini might be a piece of shit but there was no doubt he was good at what he did.

This skill allowed him to become as arrogant as he did, but Kyle was quick to remind him that even as great as he was, there was someone he worked for.

"Follow me, my stars shouldn't be here," Rossini instructed both of them.

Calista remained quiet and didn't say a word, but had a smile on her face all through.

They left the main area, away from the cameras and other guests.

There was a backroom for them, and Rossini knew this had to be perfect because his reputation was at stake.

"You two, what are you doing?" Rossini's tone changed right away.

"What do you mean? We were mingling with the guests," Lorenzo responded.

"You aren't supposed to do that! The guests came here to see you, and you cannot make that access so easy!" Rossini barked, but this was a strange view of things, considering the people here had a more established career than they did.

Calista didn't say a word and just watched the men go back and forth, but she never noticed Lorenzo had someone this vocal.

Then again, what did she know about him outside of what he had told her?

She wasn't interested enough to get to know him.

Rossini might be a man she despised, but he was right; most of the people came here to see how they could be used.

Everything was strategic in this business, and who wouldn't want to befriend relatively unknown gems at a chance of giving their careers a chance?

Of course, this didn't hold for everyone, as some guests were personally invited.

This wasn't the norm, but Rossini's approach was an interesting way to maximise it all.

"He is right, Lorenzo," Calista said, and the room fell silent.

Rossini had the experience, and all they needed to do was follow his lead.

"At least one of you gets it," Rossini said.

"When do you want us to join the guests?" Calista questioned, getting straight to the point.

Not beating around the bush, Rossini quickly checked his watch to see the time.

"When the trailer comes on. At the end of it, you both will come out," Rossini said, but before the conversation could go any further, the door opened.

It was Isabella; the heels she wore made her look like a colossal titan. She was taller than everyone in that room except for Lorenzo.

The way she dressed, one would think she was a celebrity herself because she gave off the same energy as Hannah Waddingham in her role in Ted Lasso.

Rossini couldn't help but admire her beauty because this was the first time he had seen her.

Isabella looked confused as to why they weren't out there.

"Rossini, good to see you here," Isabella was quick to show her respect to the talented director before turning her attention to Calista, who looked relieved to see her.

"What is going on here?" Isabella questioned, and Calista instantly explained the situation to her.

But Isabella retained the same look of confusion because this sounded like Rossini didn't want the spotlight to deviate from him.

Isabella didn't know what else to do because, in the grand scheme of things, it wasn't that big a deal, but there was no doubt this was set up to feed his ego; otherwise, Rossini would have stayed out of sight as well.

She looked at Calista and could tell she had no problems with this, so there was not much she could do as Calista was an adult herself.

"Rossini, can I have a word with you?" Isabella requested, but this was an audience Rossini granted right away as both left the room.

"What is the meaning of this?" Isabella asked right away because he was overstepping.

"I asked for full creative control," Rossini insisted, as this was part of his condition.

"That pertains to the movie! Not outside of it, you have no right to dictate how this presentation goes," Isabella was firm with him.

Rossini kept quiet for a minute because he knew who she worked for; it had to be for Kyle, and Kyle was the last person he wanted trouble with.

"This presentation is for the sake of the movie, not to boost your ego. The people here came here to see the presentation, not you," Isabella reminded him.

They could admire his work, but at the end of the day, it is the people on screen that brought that to life, whether he liked it or not.

Rossini didn't say a word and kept quiet, thinking long and hard about his response.

"Miss Isabella, I would advise you to think about the next word that comes out of your mouth carefully…" Rossini warned, and Isabella took a deep breath.

She knew what she said was right, but she shouldn't be losing her cool like this; this only showed how stressful the situation was.

All it took for this movie to tank was a botched presentation; it had to be perfect, and this man was somehow making it about him.

"I apologise, Rossini, but this is a big day," Isabella said.

"... I know and I know how the minds of these people work. They are here to snatch up the talents or tempt them with projects of their own," Rossini pointed out, but Isabella was trying to figure out how this was a bad thing.

"... And what makes someone want something even more?" Rossini asked, but his eyes lingered on Isabella's chest for just a second.

"You deprive them of it for a short time to intensify their interest," Rossini added.

This made sense on paper, but this was only the pro; not everyone functioned the same.

This logic didn't apply to everyone, and if they were to make contact with someone who wanted to work with them.

They would have to go through the Agency, and this would only serve as positive PR.

Rossini's choices weren't in favour of the Agency or long-term goals.

It was only for this presentation, which was short-sighted, but Isabella already knew this man didn't care about the Agency.

It wasn't like he was a retainer to say the least, but Isabella knew there was nothing she could do at this moment but to let him have his way.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 294 - 294: A Turn And A Twist? [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The party went on, and it was trending online, not partially, but the PR and marketing team had done an excellent job.

There was no doubt that all eyes were on them, and the fact that pictures streamed through showing Jensen alongside some other special guests.

It helped elevate their standing, but this only helped to create hype around the movie.

There was no way anyone with a phone wouldn't tune in to learn more about this movie.

But among the people whose attention it caught was Jane. Jane saw glimpses of Calista and subconsciously started looking for Kyle.

She wanted to know if Kyle attended this event, but she saw Calista hanging off the shoulder of another man, which confused her.

There was no way Kyle would be there, and she would do this, but this made Jane happy.

She didn't know if she should be happy, but she doubted Kyle would allow her to be with another man.

She knew the kind of man Kyle was; he wasn't one to share even if he was the one being shared.

"Are you okay? You have been on your phone," Cassandra spoke to Jane, bringing her a cup of juice.

"Thank you! No, I'm not worried," Jane tried to downplay it, but she couldn't run away from the truth.

"It is about Calista, isn't it?" Cassandra asked, sitting across from her.

Jane immediately put her phone away with a look of surprise on her face.

"H-How did you know?" Jane questioned, but it was obvious Cassandra had taken a glance or two at her phone because she was on it all day.

Jane sighed in defeat because she realised she hadn't hidden it well at all.

"Want to talk about it?" Cassandra asked; she knew Kyle genuinely liked this woman, and there was no need for her to worry about another woman if there were any.

"Yes, please!" Jane blurted out without thinking, but Cassandra made her drop her guard because she got to know her as a person and not Kyle's partner.

And unlike the other women in this harem, the idea of not being the one solely responsible for Kyle's need helped balance her out.

Kyle was a young man with an insatiable libido, and she knew she wouldn't be able to keep up with him, so the idea of other women was welcomed because it not only safeguarded her emotionally, but it also secured her status as his partner, which wasn't at risk whatsoever.

"There is nothing to worry about. I could tell the moment I saw you that Kyle was in love with you," Cassandra noted.

"H-He is?" Jane asked, doing a terrible job at hiding her surprise, even though Kyle had told her in person. It was nice hearing it from someone else.

Jane couldn't hide her smile, and Cassandra could tell Jane was a likeable person and being around her put people at ease.

"Calista is everything, but I don't want to say I don't like her because I don't know her," Jane confessed.

"You feel territorial?" Cassandra questioned.

"Territorial?" Jane repeated, as if this was the first time she had heard the word used in this context.

"Yes, because Calista is young and popular, so you think she can take Kyle away from you," Cassandra pointed out, and Jane immediately tightened up.

"Are you a therapist?" Jane questioned, but this only made Cassandra chuckle.

"Hahaha! I'm just a mother, and I can tell you for certain. Men don't commit to excitement, they commit to stability," Cassandra said, and this managed to put Jane at ease.

"I guess you're right, but I saw her with another man, and I don't know if she is cheating on Kyle," Jane pointed out.

"We have all experienced Kyle. Do you truly think there is another man who can do what he does?" Cassandra asked, and Jane's face immediately turned red because her mind went straight into the gutter.

"Are you okay? Your face is red," Cassandra pointed out, and Jane immediately cleared her throat before saying.

"Y-Yes, yes I am," Jane muttered under her breath, but Cassandra knew exactly what she was thinking about.

-

The big moment came, and the trailer played on the big screen, and everywhere went quiet for over two minutes, and Rossini's brilliance was put on for all to see.

The round of applause after the trailer played was deafening; they loved what they saw.

And like a car show, the people responsible for this came into view, standing right beside the television.

"I know you have all waited for our talents. They have done everything in their power to make this possible through their dedication and hard work," Rossini praised his talents despite their relationship being nonexistent.

Isabella watched on and noticed that this had the effect they had hoped for.

Calista was approached by multiple people, and a smile creased her face shortly after.

Calista finally saw Jensen Ackles once again, and her body moved before she thought about it.

He looked her way, despite the show they put on, Jensen didn't pay her much attention individually.

"Hi…" Calista began the conversation, but Jensen's eyes never lowered as he was on his phone with a doughnut in hand.

Lorenzo soon joined her, not missing his chance to meet him, and it was he who got Jensen's attention.

"Woah buddy! You're huge!" Jensen exclaimed, and this embarrassed Lorenzo right away, even though it was meant as a compliment, before Jensen quickly clasped his mouth shut.

He had forgotten momentarily where they were, but his eyes did acknowledge Calista.

Nothing more, nothing less, and all Calista could do was smile from ear to ear.

"You two… You are the kids in the movie, right?" Jensen asked, and something broke in Calista when he addressed her as a kid.

It was a harmless word that unknowingly set a boundary she knew not to cross because Jensen was twice her age and had no interest in her.

There was a little small talk, but Jensen's phone soon rang and he had to excuse himself, leaving both of them star-gazing.

Calista could see her future; she wasn't going to be a pretty face associated with a single character.

No, she was going to be a superstar who people knew by name, like Angelina Jolie, because this was the ultimate goal when it came to fame.

The event went on as it should, with a few people meeting and greeting, which allowed them to network with some of the more experienced actors and actresses.

And in turn, created opportunities because a few spoke about upcoming projects they would like Calista to be a part of, but most were about Calista.

Only like one or two inquired about Lorenzo because while he may be handsome, he hadn't struck that much of a chord with the audience.

Either way, this party would be considered a success, and Lorenzo went out for some fresh air.

He felt suffocated. Not that he didn't like his co-star getting all of this attention, because he truly believed she deserved it.

No, it was because he knew it was she who the majority of them came for at the end of the day.

And that was fine, he took out a vape and placed it between his lips.

It helped calm him even though he didn't smoke it, just having it helped.

This should be the biggest moment of his life, yet he couldn't even enjoy it.

Lorenzo's phone soon buzzed, he took it out, but shook his head shortly after seeing who the message was from.

It was from Calista, and this showed their relationship wasn't as pure as one would have thought.

[[Where are you?]] Calista asked through the text, and he couldn't ignore it because it showed the message had been read.

Lorenzo took a deep breath before responding to the message.

[[Taking some fresh air, I will be with you shortly. Enjoy the spotlight for both of us,]] Lorenzo responded before he looked irritated, showing he must have ulterior motives with her.

But before he could put his phone away, another text message came in.

It was from an unsaved number, but the message thread was proof they had been in constant communication.

A fangirl, perhaps? That would have been the natural conclusion because this was common, especially with celebrities, where they would entertain one or two of the vast number of women in their DM.

It was one of those things that most couldn't help until they learned their lesson. This was why most people prefer OF girls because they are more discreet in their dealings.

However, none of this was the case because the way he responded showed that it was someone superior to him.

[[I'm on it, I have gotten closer to her. That much, I can guarantee…]] Lorenzo responded, and it became clear his objective was to get close to Calista.

[[Good and don't forget your objective. You cannot be attached, do this and the Don would forgive your debts,]] the message said, and all Lorenzo could do was sigh in frustration.

This was something he had to do, and the Mafia was the worst kind of enemy to have; however, they helped him come to America.

And he owed whatever success he had here to them, a debt he couldn't hope to repay at that until now.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 295 - 295: Ailment! [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A couple of hours before the party began, the world experienced a few events.

Kyle watched over Aiysha, but he didn't want to cross any boundaries, so he gave Ella a call to come over.

Ella acted without hesitation, recognising the urgency in his voice, and dropped everything to run to him.

This gesture didn't go unnoticed by Kyle, and Ella had to get a membership before she was given access.

However, all eyes were on her because she had a dangerous aura around her due to the tattoos on her.

She got past all the barriers that would keep her away from Kyle, and Kyle ushered her into the room.

Everyone was looking, confused as to what was going on, but this wasn't against gym policy, especially if they were a couple.

This was the option Ella filled in, or she wouldn't have been allowed into the room.

"Why did you call me?" Ella questioned, but Kyle pointed to the shower room.

Ella's heart dropped because she thought he had done something, and the loose jacket sitting on the chair outside showed there was someone there.

Ella was scared, and Kyle could tell; he rolled his eyes in annoyance.

"Yes, Ella. I killed someone, and out of everyone I could call, I called you," Kyle said sarcastically.

"Fuck you!" Ella fired back right away, but her tense body loosened up as she walked into the shower and saw a woman barely awake, under the shower.

"Are you okay?" Ella asked right away, rushing to see what was going on.

"I-I am, it looks like I came to work sick," Aiysha said, but the temperature had been brought under control.

However, Ella was confused why they hadn't taken her to a hospital because money wasn't a problem for Kyle, and even if it was, this wasn't going to cost much.

"Why aren't you in the hospital!?" Ella questioned, her voice was raised so Kyle could hear her, too.

This was a question directed at both of them, but Kyle kept quiet because this was ultimately Aiysha's choice.

"I came into sick work and this is a fitness centre…" Aiysha said, allowing Ella to connect the dots.

This was one of the more established gyms in the area, and if one of their employees came in sick, it would ultimately have serious repercussions, which was why they allowed them to call in sick whenever they were.

They gave them that much freedom, so something like this doesn't happen, but Aiysha didn't want to be in the house, which was understandable considering the relationship with her husband.

The kids weren't in the house either; they were sent to their grandparents' place, so this gave Aiysha and Jones enough time to handle things like adults without impacting how the children saw their marriage.

They wanted to set a good example because they knew what could happen should they see the negatives.

Ella sighed, and she brought a gym bag with a change of clothes for Aiysha, but it was Ella's clothes.

Aiysha wore them because she needed a change of clothes, and Kyle instructed Ella to take her to the hospital.

The excuse would be that something happened to her clothes, so she would be going home to change, which is an acceptable excuse.

Kyle knew this job meant a lot to her because it was a constant reminder of how far she had come.

She came a long way to attain this body, and should she lose this job, it could be the start of a dangerous decline.

This was something Kyle understood more than most, and he had to protect her escape.

Ella left with Aiysha; they weren't asked many questions because Aiysha looked healthy.

This wouldn't have been possible if she had left the way Kyle had found her.

Kyle trained alone; he had an idea of the routine he would need, but Kyle noticed the weights he could handle had gone up significantly.

This wasn't the only change he had noticed, but his body had become a lot more toned than before, even though the progress was minuscule.

Kyle finished his workout, which lasted for approximately an hour, but he increased his reps because his body had adjusted to the previous reps.

Even though he took some time off, Kyle liked the idea of this because he understood that it was something he could benefit from in the long run.

He walked out of the gym, skipping the opportunity to take a shower, but either way, he could feel Tasha's eyes on him.

He hated turning her down, but a lady who was this thirsty couldn't bring anything positive to his life.

Scarcity creates value after all, and just before Kyle was about to pull off, he noticed a Tesla parked right beside him.

Kyle remembered this car, but brushed it aside as it wasn't something that affected him at the moment.

Kyle understood the consequences of causing trouble and left the vicinity because he wanted to go home and get some much-needed rest.

Kyle returned home and saw Jones, but Jones called him right away.

"Hey Kyle, how're you doing?" Jones greeted him right away, but there was something off about his body language.

"Are you okay?" Kyle asked right away, but also knew he had something more important to tell him.

"I think you might want to know, but your wife has been taken to the hospital," Kyle informed him, and the causal smile on his face disappeared.

"WHAT!?" Jones exclaimed, the panic in his voice notable.

"WHEN? HOW? WHAT HAPPENED!?" Jones questioned, not caring about the tone of his voice.

"It is a fever…" Kyle informed him, and Jones already had his phone in hand, trying to reach Aiysha, but there was no response on the other end.

"Relax, panicking won't do you any good. I plan to go there later, maybe you can tag along?" Kyle suggested it because Aiysha was fine.

"S-She didn't even call me," Jones said under his breath.

"I wonder why…" Kyle said suggestively, which brought up the big question.

"How did you know?" Jones asked, but all Kyle did was stare at him blankly like he was waiting for him to connect the dots.

"Oh right, gym…" Jones said, to which Kyle nodded to confirm this was correct.

"Want to come in?" Kyle asked him, and Jones had no reason not to because they were going to head to the hospital together.

He followed behind him, and Jones wanted to ask him who the tattooed woman was, but now wasn't the time to ask such a question with his wife in the hospital.

"Are you sure she will be fine?" Jones asked again to be sure, but Kyle was already in the shower to wash off the sweat.

He didn't want to stay in his sweatshirt longer than he needed to; he could have easily showered there, but for his security, he decided against it.

He didn't know Tasha, but there was a chance she would disobey protocols. He knew the gym would frown upon her trying to sleep with its members, so she was fine breaking rules.

Jones decided to keep quiet after he didn't get a response for a couple of minutes. Ella was with his wife, and this was among the things Kyle told him.

Jones knew he had to calm down, but these were the moments where couples usually resolved their fights because they would understand the fragility of mortality.

It took approximately 40 minutes for Kyle to get ready, and Jones noticed his shoulder was slightly bigger.

He would have liked to join the gym and get into shape, but work was the one thing keeping him out.

No, that was an excuse. He didn't need to work for the rest of his life if he didn't want to at this point, because his financial future was secure.

"Okay, I'm ready," Kyle said, picking up his car keys as they headed out the door.

The sun had set, and night was coming, but Kyle was sure Ella wasn't waiting for them in the hospital as she had played her role.

-

Lorenzo had been revealed to, in fact, have associations with the Mafia, who tasked him with keeping an eye on Calista, but how did Nakamura miss this?

There was no way someone of his stature would let this information slip by him.

Lorenzo returned to the party and played his role. Everyone was jolly, and the movie was going to be a success.

This had been done right, and they got the most out of it because their social media account became a sensation.

The amount of new followers they had gotten in such a short time was tremendous, and there was no way their lives wouldn't change after this.

This also meant Lorenzo had a lot more to lose should things go south because he was no longer a nobody.

"I'm so sorry, Calista…" Lorenzo muttered under his breath. She might be a spoiled lady, but she didn't deserve what he was about to do to her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 296 - 296: That Booty Is...! [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The night came to an end, and everything went according to plan at least from Calista's point of view, because the attention she got and engagements increased her fame.

Among these new followers was Ashley Greene; this was the only notable follower she had gotten.

The rest were smaller celebrities like her who were still trying to make ends meet.

Calista was exhausted, but Lorenzo was with her, so it made things a lot easier because he acted as a buffer.

He could tell and pick up on the smallest of things, which was impressive. He paid attention to her, and Calista, at that moment, had a thought.

If she didn't meet Kyle, this might have been the man in his place, but this thought was dangerous because it showed a lapse in her thought process.

How long would this remain platonic? Calista quickly pushed this thought out of her mind and blamed the little she had to drink.

Lorenzo drove and his eyes were focused on the road, unlike her, he didn't have a drop of alcohol because he knew he was her ride.

They stopped right in front of her place and stayed in the car for a while. They both enjoyed the atmosphere.

"Did you enjoy yourself?" Lorenzo asked, and Calista nodded with a smile.

"I did, but I could say my company had something to do with it," Calista confessed, and this was the first time she was talking to him this way.

Lorenzo didn't want to read meaning into it because one wrong move could ruin everything.

He had no interest in leaving the friend zone because he had seen a glimpse of the kind of man Kyle was.

Lorenzo had no idea Kyle was affiliated with the Mafia; he was not a member of the family, so he knew nothing outside of his assignment.

"Hahaha! I could say the same about you," Lorenzo said, but this was a boundary he had no plans of crossing.

He could smell the alcohol on her breath and knew this might be a good opportunity to find out more about her.

"Are you mad your boyfriend didn't come?" Lorenzo questioned, but Calista looked confused by the question.

"My boyfriend? I don't know what we are, but I know I have never felt this way before," Calista confessed, all it took for her to be a little open was a few shots.

"From my point of view, it looks like he truly cares about you," Lorenzo reassured her.

Calista giggled because she wasn't some frail woman who was unaware of her place in his life.

She knew her role and slayed it, but she couldn't help but feel envious of Jane.

Jane had everything, and Calista wasn't sure she could have that.

"I know he does… Do you want to know something funny?" Calista asked, pausing until she got the go-ahead from Lorenzo, which he gave right away.

She knew Kyle wouldn't like her talking about their relationship with another man, but this was only about problems.

"I was a bitch when we first met. The getting-him-fired type of bitch," Calista said, but she didn't sound remorseful because she had a big smile on her face.

"But I guess he must like rude bitches that ruin his life because he came to me shortly after," Calista said, and Lorenzo immediately saw the red flags but kept his mouth shut.

"I cannot believe I'm committed to him," Calista said.

"Calista in a relationship wasn't what I had in mind for my early twenties," Calista blurted out with a giggle.

"Do you wish you weren't in one?" Lorenzo asked, but Calista shook her head.

"It feels good to know someone has my back, it feels safe," Calista said, and Lorenzo listened to every word, knowing this was invaluable information he couldn't get elsewhere.

"I hope things work for you guys," Lorenzo said, but felt Calista's hand on his arm before leaning in.

"You don't speak much about yourself… You are always here but say nothing," Calista said.

She felt safe because he had a boyfriend, which created a false sense of security.

For one, he preferred cock at this particular time, and Kyle might have a greater chance of getting him to fold than he.

But what if this was the reason Lorenzo told her this; otherwise, her alarms would have gone off the moment he tried to get close to her.

"I live a boring life, I'm afraid," Lorenzo chuckled, but Calista wasn't going to force him because all of this was the alcohol talking.

If anything, there was a high chance she would not remember this night in detail either.

She let go of his arm and returned to her seat, getting herself ready as she adjusted her clothes before stepping out of his car.

"Thank you for tonight, Lorenzo," Calista showed her gratitude, but this changed the original perception Lorenzo had of her that he used to justify his actions, to make it go down easier.

But this wasn't the end of the surprise that night because her neighbour had taken a picture of them at the exact moment Calista leaned in, giving the illusion that they had kissed.

Calista had told her to keep her camera on standby before when she went over to her house to confront her, so she could capture any intimate moment with Kyle– an anonymous leak.

But at that moment, the neighbour had no idea who that was.

And would she run it through Calista before posting? The question was no because she uploaded it as soon as it was taken.

-

Kyle and Jones went to the hospital, but Kyle went to see Jasmine's brother as opposed to Jones, who went straight to his wife.

Kyle didn't spend the whole day there and was back home shortly after establishing that the man had agreed to undergo a rehab program.

This allowed him to get some much-needed rest at home because his entire body was sore.

Kyle thought his body wouldn't feel the workout, but as he increased those weights, it looked like he had overestimated his body.

Kyle hoped Ella was wearing something decent because if she wasn't, he would take it as an acceptance of his proposal.

She was around and had just cooked, he could tell by the fading aroma in the air.

Kyle was exhausted and went straight to his room, but what he saw wasn't something he was expecting. It was Ella, passed out on his bed and snoring like a lunatic.

There was nothing that could have prepared him for this, but Kyle noticed she was wearing something skimpy once more.

He tried his best to resist, but he did warn her that he would take this as an invitation.

The skirt she wore barely covered her buttocks, but maybe it was because of how she was positioned.

However, the top she had on was a crop top, and her stomach was out for all to see.

And this only made Kyle wonder why she was on his bed to begin with, but with her stomach on the bed and buttocks facing him directly.

Kyle felt his trousers get tighter, and no one could blame him because Ella had given him a view despite knowing he was sexually attracted to her.

"Are you awake?" Kyle asked but got no response; he had to go closer, and the worst-case scenario briefly crossed his mind, which was that she had died.

This was unlikely because she moved slightly when Kyle called out.

Kyle sighed and got on the bed to cover her up properly, but his erect cock poked her exposed ass cheeks.

Kyle stopped for a second because he didn't want her to get the wrong idea if she was awake, but Ella had already established herself as a heavy sleeper.

Kyle noticed her body weight was on the sheet and had to struggle a little to get it loose, but each thug caused her buttocks to shake, and Kyle found his cock slipping between her thighs with the force of the thug inadvertently creating a dry humping motion, and each stroke made it feel even better.

Kyle finally removed the sheets and placed them over Ella, but his cock was harder than it was when he first began.

Kyle knew he wasn't going to leave his bed for her because this would encourage this behaviour, so he got ready for bed.

He took a shower and hoped she would wake up before he came out, but that wasn't the case because she was lying on her side.

"Fucking hell…" Kyle muttered under his breath, but this might be Ella testing him.

Kyle knew there was a chance she was awake and was messing with him, so he wanted to see how good she was at playing possum.

Kyle climbed on the bed and lay beside her, but on his side so his cock was directly aligned with her buttocks.

"Now then, let's see how long you can hold out," Kyle thought to himself, because Ella might be able to pretend to sleep, but she couldn't control the vibration on the bed caused by her thumping heart.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 297 - 297: The Night Lust Won [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle lay beside her, and Ella's thumping heart told him she was aware of the situation, but Ella went from being reluctant to agreeing to this in the space of a few hours.

The change was drastic, but Kyle didn't mind because he understood she must have given this a lot of thought before putting herself in this situation.

Kyle didn't make a move, but if Ella moved even an inch, she would be pressed against his crotch.

Kyle was doing everything in his power to control himself because the first person to break character would lose this battle.

Ella could feel his hot breath brushing against the nape of her neck, but he wasn't making a move, which meant she was the one who had to initiate.

This was strange considering what Kyle had said regarding jerking off to her, but was Ella asleep or awake?

She was a sleepwalker after all, so it would be difficult to tell, and her rapid heartbeat could be explained as well.

"What is she thinking, dressing like this in my bed…" Kyle thought to himself because he was aware she wasn't the kind of person to make this type of play.

If anything, she would have been direct with him, just like she attempted to be when they first met in her bid to test him.

Although Kyle emerged with flying colours, this established that she liked to play games.

Then it happened, Ella's buttocks moved back and due to Kyle not having an erection as of yet, it met no resistance, but she was pushed up against him right before taking a huge exhale to show she was deep asleep.

This was when Kyle's cock developed a mind of its own and tried to rise, but met resistance due to it being sandwiched by Ella's buttocks.

Kyle had no idea what to do because he had been put in a compromising situation that he couldn't escape from, but did he even want to?

The truth was her buttocks felt so good, his cock trying to rise, but her buttocks made it impossible for his cock to rise to full attention.

However, Kyle began to move his waist slowly, and before he knew it, his cock had slipped between her thighs, finding space to breathe.

Kyle wanted to take it out of his boxers and feel the sensation of her luscious thighs wrapped around it, but that would be too easy.

"Hmmmm…" Ella muttered in her sleep, but her sudden movement not only startled Kyle but made his cock arch right beneath her pussy.

"S-She's not wearing panties!?" Kyle thought to himself, this was certainly a set-up of some sort.

"Huh?" Kyle thought to himself once more because his boxers were getting soaked, and it wasn't from pre-cum.

Ella was aroused, which meant her body had either registered his presence or she was having a wet dream.

But Kyle didn't care about any of this and placed his hand firmly on her waist and began to slide his bulge in and out of her thighs.

"Fuck, this feels so fucking good!" Kyle whispered in her ear, but Ella didn't respond; however, her body began to move in unison with his thrust.

"I-I'm close…" Kyle whispered before that hand, which was on her waist, moved to her breasts.

Kyle was hesitant because he didn't know if she would allow him to get this far, but to his utmost surprise, she didn't resist.

All she did was flinch slightly, for someone who was sleeping, she was far too responsive.

Kyle ran circles around her erect nipples, and the fact that his cock got harder doing so showed it was only a matter of time before that big piece of meat found its way inside her.

"They're so fucking soft…" Kyle praised her, and this was what Ella had been missing in her life.

Proper foreplay, the forbidden pleasure, the sinful nature of it all was something she craved.

She wanted to stop it; she didn't intend for it to go this far, as this was meant to put Kyle in an uncomfortable situation, but Kyle had managed to flip the script.

"I-Is he touching my breast!?" Ella thought to herself, but she had no plans of breaking character because this way, she could deny ever doing something with Kyle.

Plausible deniability, but Ella knew he must have caught on that she was awake right from the start.

Kyle was done playing around with her breasts, at least while they were sheathed and before she knew it, he raised the crop top, which had her underboob exposed already, the breasts spilt over like a titanic wave.

"What the hell!? I should stop this now! I cannot let it go and-!" Ella's thought was cut short as she felt his hand grab one of her bare breasts.

"Nnghh~!" Ella finally let some sounds escape her lips, but kept her mouth shut right away.

"Ella?" Kyle asked, but Ella didn't say a word, and all Kyle did was smile.

"Fuck! I nearly let my guard down!" Ella thought to herself, but Kyle grabbed her breast like he was mixing a piece of dough.

They were so soft, and Kyle was getting a little rough because there was no way anyone could sleep through this, even if they were heavy sleepers.

Ella bit her lower lip before she could make another sound because the way Kyle played with her body like it belonged to him made her wetter than she had ever been.

Kyle's hands soon left her breasts; they were big but not as big as Cassandra's, so he could handle them.

But Ella felt his hand going down her stomach, she wanted to speak, but her body didn't let her.

She wanted this, she needed this, but things wouldn't be the same if this line was crossed.

And she felt his warm hands slip between her legs, and Ella found herself spreading those legs she should be keeping shut.

She was waiting for Kyle to slip his fingers inside her, but that didn't come because Kyle was too focused on removing his cock from his boxers.

It was pulsating, and the only thing that could satisfy it was a couple of inches above it.

Kyle held the tip of his cock from the front and arched it upwards before thrusting back and forth.

This way, it was rubbing right along her slit, which stimulated her clitoris as well without penetration.

"Don't move. Don't moan. Just feel it~!" Ella tried her best to remain composed because she expected Kyle to have stuck in her and gotten it over with, but he was taking his time.

He bit her earlobe as his thrusts became more erratic. Ella was moving slowly now, with each thrust making her buttocks ripple with the force.

"Fuck! You feel so fucking good!" Kyle whispered in her ear as his other hand grabbed her breast.

Kyle dug his fingers into her breast, and Ella groaned in pain, but Kyle came so hard, his cumshot shooting like a paintball.

"H-He came with just my thighs!? How fucking perverted is he!?" Ella thought to herself, trying her best to remove herself from the equation, even though this only happened because she put herself in this situation.

That should have been it, the all-important line hadn't been crossed, which was penetration.

Kyle knew she hadn't made up her mind, but if he could get off like this, he didn't mind.

Ella was soaked, and Kyle had no plans of satisfying her needs; he wanted that lust to build until she could no longer take it.

He had the green light to slip his cock inside her, but Kyle wasn't going to make it that easy.

She wasn't the only one who could play games.

He never called her attention to the fact that he was aware she was awake, but they both knew,

"T-That's it?" Ella thought to herself the second she felt Kyle stand up from the bed to finish.

But Ella felt flattered that all it took to get him off was her thighs; he wasn't joking about jerking off to her, but he was innovative.

Ella came here for a different reason; she wanted to see what Kyle would do should a situation like this present itself, but she was also testing if he was serious about what Jane had said.

Jane never said it directly, but she was also aware Kyle wouldn't do anything behind her back.

If he went this far, then Jane must truly be okay with it, or it wouldn't make sense to risk their relationship for something this mundane.

Ella wanted to mess with him, but it ended in Kyle finally succumbing to his urges.

When Kyle was all done cleaning up, he returned, but this time, made sure to 'wake' Ella up.

"Hey you," Kyle greeted the moment she responded to his waking up.

Ella pretended they didn't do what they just did and acted oblivious.

"Oh! Kyle? When did you get back? I have no idea when I fell asleep," Ella tried her best to maintain a sleepy voice.

"Don't worry about all of that, but I need to sleep. I have had a busy day." The way Kyle spoke was different; he sounded like a whole new person, and Ella had to second-guess if what happened had happened for a second.

"Geez, you don't need to be an asshole," Ella said, getting off the bed, but her thighs rubbed against the section of the sheet Kyle had cum on.

"Is this…!" Ella thought to herself, because it felt like someone had urinated, it shouldn't be possible for someone to cum this much.

If he came this much inside her, there was no doubt he would knock her up.

Ella gulped as she walked out of the room, but Kyle couldn't take his eyes off her behind.

And in no time, his cock grew hard again.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 298 - 298: The Family You Choose.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ella returned to her room, and her heart was thumping; she couldn't believe what had happened.

The fact that Kyle didn't screw her brains out was proof he meant what he said about using her to jerk off.

He had shown her he meant it literally, and this made Ella question her decision to even get into his bed in the first place.

It was a silly prank that turned into what had her in this state, but she could still feel his throbbing cock rubbing between her thighs.

It was pulsating like it was about to explode, and it did just that. Ella wondered if Kyle was backed up with the amount he released.

"Fucking hell!" Ella muttered under her breath as she lay in bed, unable to fall asleep because the event kept playing in her head.

Ella found her hands retracing the parts of her body he had touched. She knew if she wanted to, she could walk right into his room and shove the entire thing inside her.

Ella wasn't opposed to the idea because she didn't find him attractive, but because she wanted to be sure this was something she wanted.

If Kyle was a man who didn't like sharing, then it meant she would be committed to him.

But one thing had been established tonight: Ella was certain she wouldn't be able to say no to Kyle should he walk through that door and demand she spread her legs for him.

This was the weakness of the human flesh, and Ella was a slave to it.

She had been so busy with her career that she almost forgot what the touch of a man could do to a woman once mutual attraction was established.

Ella's hand found itself between her legs, but she tried not to make Kyle the object of her lust; however, she was still soaked.

Ella ran her fingers along her slit, slowly and gently, pretending it was Kyle who was doing so with his cock.

"Mmmhh…" Ella was trying her best to control her voice, but it slipped through.

She couldn't help it; her body needed it because this was lust in its purest form.

She clasped her thighs shut while her finger was inside, but Ella added another finger inside.

"I-I'm going to…!" Ella muttered under her breath.

Ella came, and her mind went blank as she salivated like she had gotten something her entire body needed to survive at that moment.

Ella's breathing became heavy; she had just been thinking about Kyle.

The sheer wrongness of this hit her, but it had been established that this was a polygamous relationship.

This was the thread that blurred her judgment, the excuse she told herself to make it all right.

-

The day came to an end, and the sun rose in the distance, but Kyle woke up first. However, he didn't see Ella in the house.

She must have gone to work, but there was no sign she had attempted to cook.

"Hm…" Kyle knew right away that this disappearance had something to do with last night, but Kyle was a man who didn't get flustered by things like this, and Aiysha was proof of this.

If anything, this was proof he was in control and reminded Ella that at the end of the day, she was a woman who was yet to conquer his desire.

Kyle knew he had to make use of the system right from the start, but every woman who played a role in his evolution, he treated right.

Kyle believed every act was ultimately a selfish one; there was no such thing as a selfless act.

You aren't happy with the world as it is, so you try to change it, but ultimately, that change comes because it makes the person unhappy.

One worries about the well-being of friends and checks in on them; ultimately, that act was because the person was worried.

It all stemmed to benefit the initiator in one way or another because it gives them peace of mind or a sense of usefulness at the end of the day.

Kyle didn't feel guilty for his acts because he understood this from an early age, but this didn't mean one should be cruel.

Kyle wasn't a cruel person despite his past. He grew up dysfunctional, but there was a hint of goodness in him.

He had money, and there were a lot of bad things he could have done with it, but Kyle had not abused the power that came with wealth.

He helped Jones with his financial struggle. It would have been easy to give him a handout and have Jones return it when it dried out.

This was how he could keep his hold over him, but Kyle gave him a way to be financially free regardless of how their relationship turned out in the future.

This act might be rooted in a beneficial relationship, but it showed that despite Kyle using these people to double his wealth,

he didn't leave them stranded. After all, Ella benefited directly from his relationship with Jane.

She had a music career, and this helped her fight the addiction she struggled with.

The Mafia—or rather, the underworld—he had dipped his toes in.

Kyle had the opportunity to spread the drugs and cement his influence in this world.

But Kyle didn't, because he knew what drugs could do to a person firsthand, and this was something he didn't wish on anyone.

This was why he was planning to stop them himself, even though the enemy he was about to face was unlike anything he had ever faced before.

Selfishness doesn't negate a good act, because that act ultimately changes lives regardless of the motives.

Kyle checked his phone and saw Jane had sent him a picture of Cassandra, both making silly faces.

He knew they would get along because Cassandra had no ego, and she was mature enough to know this had to work for her sake.

It might have started transactional, but in the end, Cassandra caught feelings.

She couldn't be blamed for this because it was a natural response with anyone.

If all of your needs are being met, then there is no reason for your heart not to appreciate this gesture, especially when the person is not only attractive but miles out of your league.

Kyle took a selfie and made an even sillier face before sending one right back.

Kyle paid off the woman who claimed to be his sister, never to see her again.

However, he couldn't help but question how they were doing.

These were fleeting thoughts and nothing more. He had the resources to know where they were, but had no interest in doing so.

He had created the family he wanted—a family that wouldn't leave or abandon him.

He got another text from Jane, and the smile already sitting on his face showed how much he enjoyed these moments.

It was a short video of all of them laughing, Jasmine included, and this made Kyle laugh in response.

He didn't need to act, he didn't need to pretend—everything was natural, and Kyle could tell at this moment, this was what he wanted.

-

Ella had left the place in a hurry, mostly because she was too embarrassed to look at Kyle in the morning after what had happened between them, which was understandable.

She knew moving in was a mistake, but if it was for her protection, as he said, then it was something she couldn't help. But once again, this was an excuse.

Ella didn't think much about any of this at first, but now all she could think about was last night.

She was meeting up with her band, but they were late for some reason. Ella knew the money they had gotten was good enough to sort out some serious bills.

However, Ella noticed they were becoming a lot more undisciplined. But if this was their affliction at this level,

what would they do when they rose to actual fame? Ella knew she needed a serious band that would turn up whenever a practice session was held.

However, she also understood that they all had different priorities. The only difference between them and her was that she had no social life to retreat to.

This made music her sole focus, and Ella believed you needed this level of obsession to make it big, even with Kyle's help.

Kyle could offer her the platform, but it was her music that would decide if she captured the heart of the fans or not.

Ella sighed because she knew if things continued this way, she had to find new people on the same wavelength as her.

But the voice in the back of her head understood the realities of the average person because she had lived her life as such.

Not everyone had a fortune to return to if things didn't work out; this was her reality as well until recently.

Ella's phone buzzed to snap her back, and she hoped it was from her bandmates informing her they were on their way, but it was a message from Kyle.

Ella didn't know how or why, but her heart stopped for an entire second.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 299 - 299: Profit Or Bust!? [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was glad with the way his life had turned out, but a few factors were standing in his way.

However, Kyle was aware things wouldn't be as easy as he thought because this was a criminal organisation that had survived worse.

The FBI was something he knew he might get involved with because Priscilla wasn't enough for something of this magnitude.

If they were willing to cut someone to pieces, he could only imagine what they would do to a cop who crossed them the wrong way.

Nothing was stopping or separating him from any of this, but Kyle knew he had to put a stop to everything.

Kyle rounded up his conversation on the phone with Jane, but the text he sent to Ella never got a response, unfortunately.

Kyle understood why it played out the way it did because there was still that awkwardness that came with last night.

Kyle didn't mind because he knew she was coming back, so there was no need to rush the process.

Kyle found this behaviour cute as it showed that despite her behaviour, she retained her feminine nature at a core level.

Kyle was taking his time; he noticed Jones was nowhere to be found, but this must mean he spent the night at the hospital.

It was better to be safe than sorry, but there was a line that couldn't be blurred because even if Kyle was worried, he had to keep it professional, at least for now.

Their marriage was facing challenges, and the last thing they needed was more tension, as it could ruin everything they had managed to resolve.

Kyle was going to play mediator, but both of them had to consent to it for it to work.

The paperwork had been signed for the man to be checked into rehab, Kyle didn't plan on pressing any charges and managed to convince Prisicilla not to take any action against him.

Kyke got dressed and headed out for fresh air, but as he was stepping out, he got a surprise call from Oliver.

"Hello, does Priscilla know you're calling me?" Kyle asked right away, but the phone was on a loudspeaker.

[[She can hear you,] Oliver responded before his voice faded into the background.

"Hello?" Kyle was worried for a second that something had happened to him.

[[Don't talk, listen,] Priscilla commanded, and this was exactly what Kyle did.

[[The case I have been put on is a big one. I'm sure you have seen the news about several body parts found in different locations? This is what we are working on, but…]] Priscilla paused, wondering if she should divulge the next piece of information to him.

"It is the Mafia, isn't it?" Kyle asked, and everyone went quiet for a second, but Kyle could hear Oliver in the background asking how he would know this when no one had divulged the information.

[[How did you know this?]] Priscilla asked right away, and Kyle sighed; this revelation wasn't a mistake on his part.

"I have the internet, and it would be crazy not to research something so inhumane to begin with," Kyle informed her.

This was a valid point, but it also showed his lack of interest in revealing his association with this group.

Kyle knew he needed to expand his business, and it was taking shape with Calista serving at the forefront of it all.

She had not only put her agency on the map, but the rapid growth it had witnessed over the past couple of weeks showed no signs of stopping.

But Kyle knew this could all be taken away with one wrong step; he had to cover his tracks and all involvement with the Mafia.

But he also wanted to see the role Cleopatra played because if she influence in this part of the world, then there were things she would be capable of that even he couldn't protect Ella from.

Kyle couldn't shake off Nakamura's reaction; he was a lot more frightened about Cleopatra than he was the Mafia, which was strange.

This shouldn't be the case; she was just a woman, but Kyle had to calm himself down.

[[And what else did you find out?]] Priscilla questioned.

Kyle wanted to tell her about the attempt on his life, but kept quiet because he knew that would invite more questions.

Questions he couldn't give answers to, and he was fine with that as he knew the dangers of letting them know too much too soon.

"That is pretty much it. I also know this might put the others on edge. I mean, if someone dropped a body part in my territory, I would take that as disrespect," Kyle added.

But once again, showing knowledge he should otherwise not have, because why does he have an interest in their territories? The fact that he made the same connection as Priscilla made her admire his deduction skills.

[[I see, I wasn't the only one who made the connection.]] She sounded almost relieved by this revelation because it showed she was getting closer to hitting the nail on the head.

However, knowing was one thing; doing something about it was entirely different.

Kyle knew he couldn't be seen with them because the voice played in his head, warning him about someone watching him.

Kyle knew there was a chance this guardian angel was watching him, so he had to be careful not to leave anything that could tie back to these two.

He knew what would happen should something of that nature happen, and it wasn't something pretty either.

"The truth is, I'm worried about you and Oliver more now that I know you have been assigned the case. If there is anything I can do to help out, let me know," Kyle was serious, which was rare.

He didn't crack any jokes or try to downplay the situation. Kyle understood the fear that came with this.

[[It is fine and thank you,]] Priscilla was dismissive and ended the conversation before Kyle could get another word in.

Kyle didn't even bother pushing it and put his phone away, still seeing that Ella hadn't responded to his messages.

This didn't matter because he was going to the club he owned; he hadn't been there for a while, but to his surprise, this place was doing a lot better than he had anticipated.

It was filled to the brim, and Kyle noticed there were even more customers there.

The air was different as well because it wasn't just anyone within it, but the most important thing was that Nate had hired even more people.

"Hello, boss man!" Nate was quick to greet his superior, and Kyle waved to him. The new hires weren't familiar with him.

They shared the typical shock when they saw someone so young owning a place as big as this.

It was like he had sold his soul to the devil to achieve this level of wealth.

"Hey man! How is it going?" Kyle was upbeat about seeing Nate because Nate was one of the few people he considered a friend.

"It is going great! Better than great!" Nate responded. Kyle allowed him to take leave with pay and offered to cover his tuition in the process.

"I can see that you are killing it!" Kyle praised him, but he knew this couldn't be the limit of his ambition.

The possibility of growth was infinite, and Kyle was going to explore every avenue.

The sky was his limit, but he could start with a skyscraper so he could glance at the world he wished to conquer.

Kyle sat on one of the stools stationed at the bar's side to speak to Nate, even though the music was somewhat of a classical theme.

It wasn't loud either, but this was because it was daytime and people came here to relax during the day, not party.

Kyle smiled because he was worried Nate wouldn't be able to figure it out due to his lack of experience, but he had grown to the task.

"Thank you, boss! I have news, we have received offers from multiple who wish to host events in our club!" Nate pointed out, and Kyle was pleased with this development.

This was a lot sooner than he expected because he knew this would be one of the main sources of his income within the club.

He wanted the club to have multiple functions, which would maximise its earning potential around the clock.

Kyle knew this place was safe, but it wasn't all. Nate gestured for him to come over to the back room reserved for his office.

Kyle followed, but like clockwork, Nate didn't need to say a word before someone took over his role, something Kyle noticed as it worked like a well-oiled engine.

"What is it?" Kyle questioned, but Nate was eager to show him whatever it was he had in store.

He searched for a second or so before stumbling onto a piece of paper and sliding it over the desk.

"What is this?" Kyle asked, but Nate wasn't about to spoil the surprise.

"Read it!" Nate exclaimed, and that was exactly what he did.

Kyle's eyes widened in surprise because Nate had shown a return of over $500,000.

"What the fuck!?" Kyle couldn't help but show his utter shock.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 300 - 300: New Role? [FIXED!] [HAPPY 300 CHAPTERS!!!!!!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was doing well for himself, and this also included the apartment; he had grossed approximately $1,000,000.

This was no small feat; this was life-changing money for anyone, but Kyle realised that on paper, he was getting social proof for his wealth.

Kyle caught up with Nate and noticed that if he left this place in his hands, then he would have found a worthy man.

The fact that it accounted for everything right down to the drinks? That was something Kyle didn't do when he worked at the shop.

He only summarised it and gave an account by writing the summary, and his boss didn't mind it because the shop wasn't doing all that well to begin with.

The difference between Calista and that man was that he had been mistreating Kyle for as long as he worked there, months on end.

Unlike Calista, who was a bitch for a day, Kyle wouldn't have lost his job if he didn't have such a shitty manager.

If anything, the thought of someone standing up for him would have changed his views.

If he had Jones as a boss, this would never have happened, so the hate he held for that man was on a different level.

However, Kyle knew this was a better use of the space either way, because he had created employment and given people a chance at life.

Kyle left the club, and his next destination was his Agency. he needed to speak to Isabella about their next project.

He saw the pictures of Calista and Lorenzo, but Kyle wasn't bothered, as this was the perfect screen for him.

He liked that they were seen in this light together, as it would dispel any potential rumour surrounding them.

Kyle knew his priorities, and he arrived at his Agency a few minutes later, but the parking lot looked emptier than usual.

Kyle didn't think too much of this as he didn't expect the place to be filled 24/7; that would be absurd, as not even banks had that kind of traffic.

Kyle walked in and noted that there wasn't a long line waiting to see Isabella, either, telling him something might have happened.

"Hm…" Kyle thought to himself as he greeted Carly, she was happy to see him because she liked the way he carried himself.

He was respected, and the fact that he was able to save the Agency.

Not only that, he made them rise so fast in rank that one would think there was a glitch in the matrix.

"Hey Isabella, is everything alright?" Caleb asked, but Isabella didn't look worried.

If anything, she looked delighted to see Caleb because it had been a while, but more importantly, the attention Calista had brought to the Agency was all positive.

"Everything is going great! I was about to call because there are a few things I want to talk to you about," Isabella was quick to inform him and began to type with purpose on her laptop.

Kyle waited patiently because this had the same energy as what Nate had done when he went to see him.

"Good news, I hope?" Kyle asked, staring at the back of her laptop, but Isabella was too engrossed with what she was typing to give him a verbal response.

Isabella turned on her laptop, and Kyle could see it was the company's email, except it was filled with actual celebrities.

This was no Brad Pitt or Angelina Jolie, but they were prominent names and Agencies as well.

"This is…" Kyle couldn't even complete his sentence because Isabella was too eager to finish it for him.

"These are the people who have reached out to work with us in the future! I had no idea it would be this big, but it seems like this is somehow part of your grand scheme!" Isabella blurted.

Kyle never saw her this excited; she was always composed when she spoke, as if she were counting her words.

"I must confess, I didn't think much of Calista, but it looks like your scouting skills surpass mine, gyahaha!" Isabella laughed before turning the laptop back to face her.

"I have managed to respond to a few, but I have sent them to you to verify," Isabella informed Kyle. Kyle was impressed by what his collaboration with Nakamaura had produced.

"Isabella, you're a genius!" Kyle exclaimed, matching her excitement, because he understood that this would only help push his plans forward.

This was big because if anything, Hollywood should be taking note of him; however, he knew this also worked in Nakamura's favour.

And if anything, they should be the ones reaping the true benefits of this collaboration.

However, Nakamura must have sensed their potential; otherwise, he wouldn't have reached out in the first place.

He didn't do this to share in the glory because they were on the rise, and now, Calista was the face of the Agency.

People came to the movie to watch Calista more so than Lorenzo because she was a beautiful woman, and privilege was something that couldn't be understated.

"Is there any new project that could help ride the wave of this momentum?" Kyle asked, and Isabella listed a few.

Kyle focused on them all and noticed there were a few that would be perfect for Calista.

He didn't want any seasonal series because it would require continuous dedication and limit the roles she could get.

Kyle knew how dangerous it was to be known for a single role, because it effectively robs the actor/actress of their identity, making it difficult for them to establish a name for themselves in other movies.

If she acted in a good movie, a few good movies, then this would help in establishing her presence because she needed to break out of the role she had in her past.

"You can assign the seasonal series to the upcoming actresses you have signed; it would keep them occupied for a long-term project, which means you wouldn't have to worry about finding them another gig for a while," Kyle informed her, and Isabella was quick to take notes.

Kyle had proven to her he just might be a genius, and their current situation was proof of it.

She had no reason to doubt him and planned to do everything right to the tee.

"I want to know more about these roles," Kyle told Calista, but these were fantasy-based movies.

Kyle knew the power a well-written fantasy story had because it introduced the audience to something they couldn't experience in their world.

Kyle had one that caught his eye, which was "The Sunken City of Aerilon", as it evoked a sense of mystery in and of itself.

He read everything about it in a matter of minutes, and it had great potential only if done right.

It felt like something you would see Lana Croft in, but Kyle had no idea if Calista could pull it off because she had only acted in romance movies.

But he knew first-hand flexibility wasn't something she was lacking, so this could be a great shift to make people see her in a different light.

And capture the male audiences, as they were a demographic that paid for cinema as opposed to women.

The difference was too vast to ignore, and if she only acted in chick flicks, it would limit the audience she could reach.

She needed to branch into other genres, and if she was going to become the face of the Agency, Kyle didn't need her in just one role.

He needed her to be as diverse as she could be, roles that no one would think she could play, and comic book fans love seeing beautiful women represent the women they have read about for years in books.

But his role will open doors for such a role; however, she needed to show in this movie that she could handle such a role if given.

The movie wasn't significant by any means, and if anything, it looked like something that had a greater potential of failing than succeeding, but what could make even an average movie great?

You guessed it, money, and this was what Kyle planned to do, he planned to fund the movie and make use of his own AI team to handle CGI, which would increase the potential.

However, Kyle wanted all rights to this movie; this Agency was so used to outsourcing entertainers that Kyle wondered if they could start making movies themselves.

This would not only take away any competition but also give them full control over these things because this was something he had learned with his dealings with Nakamura.

Kyle was picking up fast on how the entertainment industry worked, and the only way to win is to become an Agency that deals in everything.

"Can you get me in contact with the company in charge of this movie?" Kyle asked Isabella.

"Done," Isabella responded with a click of a button.

"What would I do without you?" Kyle said with a smile as his phone buzzed to show an incoming email.

This was going to be a big step in how his Agency was perceived.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 301 - 301: The Sunken City of Aerilon [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle knew this was an opportunity he needed to pounce on right away because he was certain he wasn't the only one who saw the potential.

There was something about this that Kyle wanted to see, but the good thing about getting the movie was that he could hire any actor he wanted.

He could meet their price tag, but this was a great opportunity to showcase the talents of his Agency.

He didn't want to take away the attention from Calista because then, she would be overshadowed by whatever big name might appear.

She had to be a star; this was the only way this would work because there would be nothing stopping her from reaching the potential he knew she could reach.

Kyle had already set up a meeting with them, and he could tell they were eager to make a good impression.

Kyle set up the meeting in his club; it was an ideal location because it would also give them an estimate of his wealth.

Kyle didn't come to play, and despite his life being targeted, he knew this shouldn't stop him from handling his business.

Kyle knew he had to hire security, but something told him there was little security could do if they truly wanted him dead.

Sure, it would increase attacks from normal people, but trained killers? That was unlikely.

All they needed was a clean shot, and Kyle would be dead.

Kyle waited for them, making sure they arrived, but he noticed they weren't associated with any company, or at least it wasn't stated.

However, it said nothing about them needing funding; all they needed was a collaboration, but what that collaboration was was unknown.

They arrived at the club, and Kyle saw two confused people.

A woman with a beanie and a man walked in, they looked out of place, and Kyle could tell with a single glance that they were nervous.

He smiled because this was to be expected; he wasn't some scrub anymore but the kind of man people could only wish to meet in this lifetime.

He had the money and youth to enjoy it, but Kyle wasn't going to let them be lost forever, which was why he waved them down.

The man was the first to see him and quickly nudged the woman beside him before they both hurried to him.

"Good afternoon, sir!" The man said, with the woman taken aback momentarily by how glorious Kyle looked, but the nudge from the man standing beside her brought her back to her senses.

"Please, call me Kyle. You may both sit," Kyle spoke with such confidence, and they both sat across him.

This place wasn't over the top, but it was fancy nonetheless, and they were surprised Kyle wanted to meet here.

The people they dealt with tended to meet in coffee shops or places that were cheaper on paper, so this was a step up in this regard.

"I'm Aiden, and this here is my sister, Abigail," Aiden introduced himself and his sister.

Kyle could tell they shared similar features, maybe a little too similar and Kyle could instantly discern they were twins.

There was no doubt about it, and this was beside the point. Abigail quickly got over her distraction because she knew this was very important.

"You're a representative from the JPD, right?" Aiden said, and Kyle thought about it for a second whether he should reveal his role to these people.

However, on second thought, he decided against it and went with a lie.

"That is correct, and I have come to discuss acquiring The Sunken City of Aerilon," Kyle told her, and the twins paused right away.

They couldn't understand what they were hearing because this wasn't what they wanted.

"What do you mean to acquire?" Aiden asked, and Kyle noticed he was the mouthpiece between the two and knew he had to convince this man, as opposed to his sister.

"We want to acquire all rights," Kyle said right away, even though he knew this would come with a price.

Everyone had a price, but Aiden's face suggested this wasn't part of the plan.

"I think there has been a misunderstanding. I'm flattered you wish to acquire our work, but we are here to request funding," Aiden spoke.

"Ah, I see, I apologise. You will be acknowledged as the creators, and while we will be acquiring all rights, an instalment of 25% monthly from the movie would be paid into your respective bank accounts," Kyle said, and this sounded too good to be true.

The twins were skeptical because if Kyle was willing to cover 100% of production cost and still pay them a monthly royalty of 25%? That was impressive.

"Oh, I forgot to mention… The 25% percent isn't for you both to share. You will both get 25% separately," Kyle added and the fact that 25% jointly was already a good deal.

This was overkill, and there was no way they would say no, but Kyle was overloading them with the good news.

He didn't pause because he didn't want to give them time to digest what he had said.

"We also want you to work closely with our production team, who would be handling this project, so you can truly bring the project to life. I do not want to digress from your vision," Kyle added.

They were speechless. They came here to ask for a budget, but Kyle had made them an offer that had the potential to set them up for life.

He knew these two were the creators of this movie as well, so he didn't need to worry about third parties.

"Give us a moment to think about this," Abigail said, the first time she had spoken since they began the negotiation.

Kyle knew this might be a tactic to not make them seem desperate, but he didn't mind it.

"Sure thing, take as much time as you need, but I have to maintain that your offer isn't the only one we are considering," Kyle added, and he could see Aiden panic just for a second.

This was their big chance, but Abigail seemed to have other plans.

They excused themselves and spoke a few meters away from Kyle. Kyle knew they had no reason to reject the offer because the most important thing for all creatives was having their signature on their work.

This was what Kyle offered them, and if the movie does flop, it would have no financial repercussions on them.

Aiden and Abigail were aware of this, but what if it was the next big thing?

There was no telling what could potentially happen if that became the case because then, 25% wouldn't be fair or at least that was what Abigail thought.

But this greed was the exact reason why Aiden decided to take the helm.

They returned to the table, and Kyle watched them closely. He could tell one was satisfied with the deal, but the other wasn't.

Kyle knew it was important to keep all parties happy, and he had enough money to satisfy their greed.

"We have a clause, should the movie break $250,000,000, we will add a 5% increase in the royalty annually," Kyle said, and Abigail immediately nudged Aiden to accept the offer right away.

The way her eyes lit up, she was satisfied with this offer because, in the end, money was money.

"We agree to your terms!" Aiden said, and they shook on it. Kyle was impressed they held out for as much money as they could.

"I'm glad to hear that," Kyle responded with a smile, but he knew this might not be where their relationship ended.

If he could retain them as writers or secure future rights to their ideas, it would give him an edge, but all of that was pending how well this movie did.

They were done, and now it was time for pleasantries. Kyle gestured for Nate to do what they had prepared with a single gesture.

In came food from the other room, the most expensive delicacies known to man, with drinks that could easily pay a few months of rent.

"W-Woah!" Aiden blurted out, Kyle, could see them panicking like it was coming out of their pocket, but he would never do something like this.

"It is on me, eat your fill…" Kyle encouraged them before standing up to allow them to truly enjoy themselves.

"You can have anything you want if you aren't satisfied. At JPD, we take care of our partners," Kyle said before leaving the building.

The fact that they thought he was a representative and not the owner made this interaction all the more genuine.

Kyle wondered if things would have been different if they had found out who he was, but either way, he had accomplished what he came here for at the end of the day.

This was a resounding success, but there was one more thing he needed to put together, which was the ability to make movies.

Kyle knew this would be expensive, but it wouldn't be an impossible task.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 302 - 302: Families! [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle had secured a major victory in his dealings and was on the losing side of it if money was to be taken into consideration; however, this was a small price to pay.

Kyle knew making a movie wasn't cheap and had a glimpse of the potential success it could bring.

He was trying his best to find means to expand his wealth should the system disappear as mysteriously as it appeared.

Even though these contracts seemed to work against him in the long run, they acted as a catalyst for something greater.

The goal he sought was something greater, but he needed to lay the groundwork for it to come to fruition.

He had completed his deal with the twins, and this granted him an infinite amount of possibilities because Nakamura had shown him it was much better to be the one in charge of the production rather than provide the talents.

He walked out of his club and to his utmost surprise, he saw Yuki standing right in front of him.

"Mr. Nakamura would like to see you," Yuki informed him, but Kyle raised a brow because of what happened to the phones.

They weren't extinct the last time he checked, so why did Yuki appear here, or worse, how did she know he was here?

"I will have to postpone, now isn't a good time." Kyle knew he couldn't ask the questions he truly wanted to ask.

He had to be careful not to spook her either because he understood the dangers of doing so.

If anything, this implies they have been watching, but of course, this could also be a coincidence.

There was a chance this wasn't as straightforward as Kyle thought, even though his paranoia had peaked.

Yuki didn't say a word and just looked at him. Something told Kyle she wouldn't take no for an answer, but he didn't care.

There wasn't anything she could do to him at this moment because Kyle was confident enough that he could take her should the extreme scenario present itself.

"Is there a problem?" Kyle asked sternly upon noticing she wasn't moving out of his way.

But from the corner of his eyes, he noticed two figures standing some distance behind her.

"I'm afraid I have to insist," Yuki said, and Kyle realised this was an opportunity to find out what was going on, but he had to be careful no one was watching him.

It wouldn't take a genius to connect the dots if they were laid out so blatantly, and Kyle wasn't about to make that mistake.

They took him somewhere he had never been before, or rather, a place Nakamura had no business being in, which begged the question of whether it was truly Nakamura he was going to see.

"Where are you taking me?" Kyle asked but got no response.

He was in the backseat with the two men seated on either side of the door, with Kyle trapped in the middle.

Yuki was in the passenger seat with another man driving; this could very well be an abduction, but Kyle wasn't about to go down easily.

Luckily, he was confident in his fighting skills because it was something he had perfected.

Kyle had absorbed different fighting styles, and his body could keep up thanks to the gym he participated in.

Kyle had to wait for an opening, and these people were full of openings; this was because they didn't know the threat he posed.

However, he wanted to see where they were taking him and if Nakamura was going to confess to trying to take his life.

If he wanted to, now would be the perfect time as well, because there was nothing he could do, so taking him this far out was bizarre.

Kyle stayed ready because they were already an hour into their drive, the further they drove.

The more secluded it became, and Kyle knew anything could happen at any time.

They stopped in front of a building, which looked fancy, but it was out of place considering the other buildings around it looked run down.

If anything, this looked like an abandoned or failed "Akon City", but Kyle knew better not to act yet.

They took him outside, but once again, the opening remained; they didn't carry themselves like killers, or their body language wouldn't be this loose.

They walked into the door, and Kyle's eyes immediately glanced all over to take in as much as he could in as little time as possible.

He noticed there were a lot of cameras, but whether they were working was another thing entirely, and the fact that this place was fully furnished, however, no one was in sight, was enough to ring alarm bells.

This reminded him of his scuffle with Clarence or how he brought her into an abandoned site to keep her away from Kyle.

The similarities were too glaring for him to ignore, but if he was going to get out of this bind, he needed to take Yuki hostage.

"This is going to be hard," Kyle thought to himself.

-

The underworld was in uproar, and the Mafia had sent a strong warning that could potentially unite enemies against them.

This would be the worst possible outcome, but there was no way the Don would have done something like this without taking all of this into consideration.

He held a meeting for the five families, who travelled from all over the world to be here.

This was how powerful and how much of an influence he held; America was just one of many countries in which they had a foothold.

The five families were the Sokolov, Moretti, Kurobane, O'Rourke, and Delacroix.

The man who had summoned them was from the Vescari family and held the most power after the civil war. The Vescari came out on top and appointed loyalists within these families as their head.

"I'm glad you all found time to show up at this time, but I wish it was under better circumstances," Marcello revealed himself, wearing one of the most elegant suits known to man, and the other families sat around the table, already waiting.

Marcello's presence was the real deal; this was a man who had flirted with power and conquered it, and each step he took told a story of unrivalled strength.

The other men, despite their rough faces and intimidating aura and appearance, none came close to commanding the presence Marcello did.

"Where is Viktor?" A man in a fedora and a distinct Italian accent asked. He was Lucius and the head of the Moretti family, while Viktor was the head of the family stationed in Russia.

"Viktor has already arrived… I needed his assistance with something," Marcello responded, taking his seat.

"I should have known when I saw the news…" A beautiful lady dressed in one of the most expensive dresses to grace the earth, but despite her face, her body wasn't as aesthetic.

She was rather flat-chested with a barely moderate behind, what one would expect a tomboy to look like.

She was called Madame Isabeau Delacroix, and she led the Delacroix family based in France.

"I'm afraid I had to use his skill to extract an important piece of information," Marcello said in an apologetic tone.

He might be the Don, but he showed respect to every family member, despite them being people he picked to be at the helm after the civil war.

Why? Because this was the best way to avert another civil war, where he might not emerge as the victor.

He was careful about this and knew the consequences of when multiple dogs bite the hands that feed them.

He would have to sever that hand, and in doing so, he would be more vulnerable.

But before the conversation could go on, a bald man covered in tattoos from head to toe walked in. he had on a black leather jacket like a uniform only the streets could issue. His jacket—weathered, creased, and glinting in the sun rays sneaking in through the window—hung heavy on his frame. He carried the scent of smoke with a cigarette perched between his lips, and old violence.

He was everything one would think a criminal of that status would look like, standing at a hulking figure of 6'8. Except he wasn't lean, he was built like a truck, which made him even more intimidating.

Unlike the other families that liked to make use of their foot soldiers, Viktor liked partaking in the violence directly, which made him by far the scariest member among the other family Dons, including Marcello.

But even a wild dog could be loyal if tamed properly, and this was what Marcello had done.

Viktor sat, and everyone could tell he had done something he wasn't supposed to do; the air around him felt foul, but he was a foul person.

Viktor didn't say a word because he knew it wasn't his place to speak out of turn, especially if Marcello hadn't given him permission to.

"I know it is uncharacteristic of myself to ask to meet in person, but there has been a change in plans," Marcello said, and everyone's attention was on him.

"Now then, let the meeting begin…"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 303 - 303: Surprise Motherfuc-! [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle met with Nakamura, and to his utmost surprise, everyone began to laugh the moment he walked in, and the room became alit with multiple people popping balloons.

The noise alone was enough to set his body into a self-defense stance because the trauma of the earlier gunshot, which failed to take his life, reverberated in his mind.

Nakamura was in stitches, laughing his ass off because Kyle looked like he was ready to attack everyone.

"W-What is this?" Kyle was startled, but the huge men who had accompanied him responded.

"It is a celebration of your success!" One of them said, and Kyle instantly realised why they were filled with openings.

They weren't fighters or killers; they were just genetically gifted. Kyle looked at Yuki, who looked so proud to have pulled it off and ran to Nakamura.

He could see her mouth move, and luckily, lip reading was one of the skills he had picked up, and she gushed about how tensed up he was.

Nakamura had a smile on his face all through as he laughed even harder upon hearing it, because this made everything worth it.

He couldn't believe he had managed to catch Kyle off guard, but this showed that despite Kyle's genius, his paranoia had the potential to get the best of him.

Kyle sighed in defeat as a bright smile creased his face, and he forgot for a second that this was a big achievement.

He was so engrossed in the grand scheme of things that he forgot moments like these should be celebrated.

Kyle began to clap as he walked up to Nakamura, thinking the worst of him, but this didn't mean he didn't appreciate the impact Nakamura had on him.

Kyle saw how happy he was and wondered if this man was truly capable of ordering a hit on him.

If the answer was yes, then Nakamura might just be the greatest actor he had seen because these moments felt sacred.

There were half-naked women with bottles, but that wasn't all. Kyle noticed he wasn't the only person of prominence here, as there were other high earners.

"You got me, you got me good!" Kyle congratulated him, and Yuki stood aside but couldn't contain her smile.

"Especially you, Yuki. You were so convincing! You could easily become an actress with skills like that," Kyle heaped praise on her and for a second, her pale skin turned red.

It was the highest form of compliment getting this from someone who owned an acting agency.

"I'm glad to hear that. I hope it didn't fail your expectations," Nakamura said.

"Hahahaha! I had no expectations to begin with," Kyle said, but Nakamura knew why he was so tense, but why did he go along with it if he thought his life was in danger?

If anything, getting into the car was the worst thing he could have done at that moment because he was sure they had no weapons on them.

He was curious, but Nakamura knew now wasn't the time to engage in such conversations.

Kyle was aware of his association with the Yakuza, even though he wasn't directly involved in their activities, as he had stated.

He understood that Kyle would be cautious of him regardless, as this was one of those things that couldn't be avoided.

However, this was a day to celebrate their partnership and what they had accomplished together.

Kyle looked over his shoulder and saw some of the finest women to grace the earth, models that could make any man fold, but he wasn't any man.

Kyle could tell with this alone that Nakamura had exquisite taste because these weren't models showing off skin for all to see.

They were dressed in elegant dresses that conveyed the classiness of this event.

There was no doubt that many wouldn't go home alone.

"You can call your friends to join us," Nakamura suggested, but this would have been a great idea if he had been told beforehand.

However, this was an opportunity because Kye realised he was closer to Jane and Cassandra than he was to Calista.

And Calista had gone with Lorenzo either way, but the good thing about all of this was that he could invite Jane and Cassandra.

This would be the first time they experienced something like this, and the lack of a camera ensured maximum privacy.

There was not a single camera in sight, which meant whatever happened here stayed here.

It was an exclusive location as well, so no one outside of those specifically invited was aware of what was going on.

Nakamura was a smart man, and Kyle was beginning to understand how he managed to stay out of the spotlight.

He could learn a thing or two from him if anything at all, but Kyle knew once he set his Agency up to have the capacity to make their movies, then his deal with Nakamura would come to an end.

He didn't know how Nakamura would take this, but this was none of his business, as Nakamura must have known this would eventually be the outcome of this partnership.

All partnership eventually comes to an end when the benefits no longer serve the other.

Nakamura has been in this business for the longest time, and Kyle knew if he was planning to outsmart him, it would take a lot more than studying methods online.

Kyle shot Jane a text and told her to get ready, but he didn't tell her what she was getting ready for, so she would be herself.

However, he did tell her it was somewhere fancy and he was going to send someone to pick her up. He couldn't leave the event, and he wondered if Cassandra would tag along because she would have to take care of her child.

But he had made sure the maids were already sent there, and there would be nothing to worry about because Kyle wanted her to have a life outside of her child.

Most women, when they have a child, give up on life and focus entirely on the child, but when the child becomes an adult and moves out.

They have nothing to retreat to or occupy their time, but Kyle gave her everything she needed to have a fulfilling life.

This isn't to say raising a child wasn't one, but that couldn't be all there was to life.

-

Jane and Cassandra were watching movies together, and the baby was taking a nap, so this was a rare window for them to relax.

Jane helped her watch over the child, but she had applied for a job around the city and hoped to receive positive news in the next week or so.

"This movie is so sad!" Jane said, sobbing like a child, but Cassandra tried her best not to cry because she was meant to be an adult among the two.

"I-It isn't that sad…" Cassandra stuttered, her voice trembling, but at that moment, a tear trickled down her cheek.

"Fuck you, John! Why didn't you just tell me how you felt?" Cassandra sobbed, giving in to her emotions because she could no longer hold it together.

They were highly emotional, but that was when Jane's phone buzzed, and luckily for the women, the movie just finished.

Jane's eyes were bloodshot red, with her reddened nose making her look like a clown.

She read the message, but this didn't lift her spirit because the effects of the movie still played on her.

"Cassy… Kyle is asking if we would be available to go out?" Jane asked, but Cassandra was surprised she was asking her.

She understood this wasn't a monogamous relationship, but she expected Jane to push back against it.

However, Jane liked Cassandra; she was mature and provided that stability she never truly had with other women because she was always the responsible one.

It was refreshing seeing someone who was on the same wavelength in that regard.

"U-Um… Like, he wants to take both of us out?" Cassandra had to clarify because it was nice to be included.

She was satisfied with her role and the security this relationship brought her, even if it meant being excluded.

"Yes, and I'm not going if you aren't," Jane pouted, and this showed how much Cassandra had grown on her in just a few days.

Cassandra smiled because this meant a lot, and she had no reason not to go.

She knew they both needed this to unwind after that movie, and Cassandra nodded her head.

Jane was excited the moment she gave her the approval and dragged her into the room to get changed.

Cassandra never had a sister; she was the only child of her parents, so this was something she never thought would happen in this lifetime.

She was in her thirties already, but all of this was possible because of Kyle and for that, she would be grateful eternally.

However, now was the time to get dressed so they could go out with their man.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 304 - 304: The Guests. [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jane and Cassandra got ready, but they didn't pack any of their clothes either because they didn't know they would be attending any event, so this situation in itself was tricky.

However, the women weren't broke and went into town to get something because they had the money to buy the best of the best.

They didn't get much attention from the people around them because they were both equally stunning in their own right, so everyone who saw them thought they belonged naturally.

They walked into one of the more expensive shops because they couldn't tell the difference, in all honesty.

The stores all looked the same, and it was hard to differentiate them, but Jane quietly followed behind Cassandra like a lost child.

They received a warm reception and were in and out in under five minutes, as they had no plans to return home before heading out.

They had shared their location with the driver whom Kyle had instructed to pick them up.

This allowed the man to find them easily, and in no time, they were on their way, but it wasn't without attention.

Kyle had made use of Nakamura's driver, and the car they had brought in was a Lamborghini Aventador Limo, one of the most expensive cars in the world. It was coming to pick up two ladies who had just come out of a shop, much like an Uber.

Everyone was in awe because even for a high-value neighbourhood, this was the cherry on the cake.

"He always likes to make an entrance…" Jane said under her breath because she was flustered by all the attention; however, Cassandra was excited because she had never driven in one of these.

This was a fantasy until today, and she didn't care about the number of eyes on her; all she wanted to do was see how the inside was.

The driver got down and opened the door for them like a gentleman, even though the ladies insisted they were fine.

They got into the limo, and everything was inside, every single thing, and it felt like a mini apartment more than it did a car.

Cassandra couldn't contain her joy and began to take pictures. There was something about having Cassandra that made Jane feel safe, even though she knew this might not last forever.

If she broke one of Kyle's rules, then she wouldn't be able to hang out with her like this anymore.

That would be a shame, but there was this look in her eyes when they spoke about Kyle.

There was no doubt she had feelings for Kyle because her eyes lit up, and there was no way any sane person would jeopardise what they had with Kyle, or at least that was what Jane thought.

"Let us guess where he is taking us," Jane suggested, and Cassandra was taken by this idea.

They both had on matching dresses, white dresses, but due to Cassandra's breasts, her cleavage was exposed, unlike Jane, who was covered up properly with little to no skin exposed.

This was how she carried herself, and not knowing where Kyle was taking them, played a big factor, but the car told them it was something fancy.

Both ladies were glad that they took this seriously; otherwise, they would have looked out of place.

-

Kyle was having fun; he met some prominent people, but it was out of courtesy rather than curiosity.

Nakamura brought in some interesting people and had excused himself into a different section of the building alongside a few guests.

Kyle knew business never stopped for him, and these people must be his partners, but he allowed himself to relax all the more.

He saw Yuki standing awkwardly in the corner, not knowing what to do, and Kyle knew this was his chance to get close to her.

"Hey Yuki," Kyle greeted. Yuki glanced at him to acknowledge his presence before returning to what she was doing, which was observing the party.

However, Kyle was eager to communicate with her because if he could befriend her, there was a good chance he could get her to tell him what was going on with Nakamure.

"It is amazing how much people can accomplish when they work together, isn't it?" Kyle asked, taking a sip of the drink in his hand.

"It is," Yuki responded, giving him little to no opening to continue the conversation, and Kyle knew if he forced it, there was a chance she would catch on.

"Have you taken any acting classes before? I believe this kind of fame could be yours," Kyle proposed, because there was no way she was satisfied being an assistant forever, even if the pay was good.

"I have not, and I also have no interest in fame. All I want to do is do right by Mr. Nakamura," Yuki said, but Kyle wasn't going to give up because he got a few more words out of her.

She could walk away, and that would be it, but she was engaging him in conversation.

"If you're ever interested in acting. Let me know, I like people like you," Kyle said before handing her his card.

This was a direct link to him, and Yuki was suspicious because this seemed random.

It wasn't like they were short on talent, which meant he must see her as a charity case, or at least this was what Yuki concluded.

The thought irritated her, and she handed him back his card before walking away without saying a word.

Either way, Kyle knew her loyalty to Nakamura bordered on the extreme, so it would take a lot more than a conversation.

He could see a woman staring at him from across the room. Kyle knew she was interested in him because he was a good-looking man at the end of the day.

Kyle didn't take the bait and immediately averted his gaze. he was a man of status now, and that meant he couldn't stick his cock into every woman who wanted him, regardless of how attractive he was.

If he became known for sleeping with everyone, there was no doubt his status would be affected alongside it.

However, he didn't need to make small talk anymore because he didn't know anyone here, despite a few people approaching him to congratulate him.

Jane and Cassandra walked in, and Kyle's eyes immediately glued on them. They were beautiful, and naturally, Cassandra's chest caught the eyes of numerous people in the room, including women, because not only were they massive, but some wondered how she was able to carry that weight without her back snapping in two.

It took some time for them to find Kyle because, unlike Kyle, they had no idea where he could be standing.

However, they saw someone approach them and instantly knew it was Kyle before anyone else could approach them.

Kyle couldn't contain his smile as a big one was plastered across his face. Kyle knew Jane wasn't a troublesome lady, but seeing her with Cassandra warmed his heart because this was proof that this could work.

Jasmine was left at home, and Cassandra trusted her enough to watch the child.

Kyle planned to take her for a psychological evaluation before putting her into school to make sure there was nothing to worry about psychologically and, if there was, to get the help she needed as soon as possible.

Yuki's eyes registered their presence and noticed the smile on Kyle's face. This was the first time she had seen that facial expression on him.

"Look at my babies!" Kyle complimented both of them and their matching outfit.

They didn't know how to react because this was new to them, but Kyle's eyes didn't linger longer on one than the other, making both of them feel equally beautiful.

Jane flushed red because Kyle was a little loud; those standing within proximity noticed this, but Cassandra didn't care.

She, instead, did a quick 360 for Kyle to admire, and this pleased him, but he looked at Jane expectantly.

"Y-You want me to do it too?" Jane stuttered, but this was a good time for her to get out of her comfort zone because she had Cassandra to guide her.

"It would make me so happy," Kyle said, and Jane did an awkward 360 spin, and everything was perfect, the dress clung to her delicate skin.

Cassandra was the first to clap before Kyle followed shortly after, but Yuki was observing all of this.

"They look like a family… I didn't know he had any…" Yuki thought to herself, but she couldn't discern their relationship, and the blonde woman looked familiar.

However, she couldn't remember where she had seen her, but this could be partly because of how she carried herself.

It was filled with confidence, and the dress she wore made her look like an entirely different person.

Kyle offered both women a side of his arm to grab onto as the party could truly begin.

He noticed the woman who was checking him out was nowhere to be seen.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 305 - 305: Tobias Vellum [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The day blended into night, and for the first time in a long time, Kyle was pleased because he had enough alcohol in his system.

It was the woman with him who kept him in check, even though he wasn't out of it and could still observe his surroundings.

Nakamura was back out, and more people were showing up, prompting Kyle to be on alert, as there were many he didn't recognise at the moment.

"Are you sure we won't take you back home?" Cassandra suggested, but Kyle's eyes were focused on Nakamura like an eagle.

"No, I'm okay…" Kyle said, but he saw Nakamura walking a man into a different compartment of the building.

"Who is that man?" Kyle thought to himself, upon realising he had a strange feeling about him.

Whoever that was, Kyle felt a chill run down his spine, but he needed to know more about this mysterious figure.

A man approached Kyle. Kyle turned his attention to an average, bespectacled man in his late twenties; however, Kyle knew who he was.

This wasn't just any man—this man was Tobias Vellum, and he had an Oscar under his belt.

Jane and Cassandra recognised him faintly, but he wasn't one of the more mainstream names, so they couldn't place where they had seen him. But Kyle didn't suffer from this defect.

Kyle knew exactly who was in front of him, and this brought a smile to his face because there was no way someone like this was approaching him just for fun.

There had to be a reason, and the tipsy Kyle suddenly sobered up as he realised the potential of discussing business was sitting right in front of him.

There was no doubt—what he did with Calista was something her previous agency was unable to do. So what did Kyle get right?

"Hello, Tobias," Kyle greeted, and Tobias wasn't surprised that he was recognised because he had won an Oscar.

If anything, he would be offended if he weren't. Tobias resembled a blend of Mark Zuckerberg and Elon Musk, as he shared their physical traits.

"Kyle, I've heard great things about your agency," Tobias said, sitting down, but his eyes were focused on Kyle.

Not once did he deviate to admire the two women seated at the same table.

Jane looked at Cassandra, wondering if they should excuse the men to talk; however, Kyle gestured for them to stay.

"Is that so? I hope Nakamura didn't give me too much credit," Kyle showed his humble side, but this was all deceptive on his end.

"Hahahah! Don't worry, he kept some of that credit for himself," Tobias was quick to refute this claim.

"Tell me, Tobias, why is someone as talented as you seated here?" Kyle asked right away, skipping all forms of small talk.

"Nakamura was right about one thing—you certainly do get straight to the point," Tobias chuckled.

"What can I say? Time is money," Kyle responded, chuckling as well, but the table suddenly fell quiet.

Cassandra and Jane had no idea what was going on, but the air felt so heavy.

They had only exchanged a few words, yet it felt like they were at war with one another.

This was because they were sizing each other up and seeing what the other person was like.

"Have you seen any of my movies?" Tobias asked Kyle, to which Kyle nodded.

"A few," Kyle responded.

"Can you point out the similarities they all had?" Tobias asked another question, waiting for an answer.

"You," Kyle said, but the man shook his head before his thin lips parted.

"No, that isn't it… What they lacked was a soul," Tobias corrected Kyle, but Kyle had no idea what he meant by this because, to him, the movie was just fine.

"Soul?" Kyle asked, hoping to get clarification.

"Yes, soul. The art is dying—all we have are zombies playing roles without souls," Tobias reiterated; however, Kyle understood what he meant this time.

The art was dying in the sense that the entertainers were no longer embodying the role of their characters.

Kyle knew this wasn't the case, as he had watched some emotional movies that did move his soul, so he had no idea what Tobias was talking about.

"Everyone wants to censor everything—but art cannot be censored…" Tobias said, and Kyle couldn't believe the words coming from his lips.

This was the exact thought he held—there was no way this man before him had the same views as him.

"That is right… True art cannot be censored, or it stops being art," Kyle completed his sentence for him.

Tobias' eyes lit up the moment he heard Kyle say those words.

"EXACTLY!" Tobias was excited about this response, and it showed with his demeanour.

"And I believe we can bring that life back. I saw Calista, and there was something about her performance—I could see the soul of the character," Tobias added.

Jane's heart dropped the moment she heard that name. She had no idea why she was still feeling this way, despite Kyle offering her all the reassurance he could provide.

There was nothing more he could do, and this was something for Jane to tackle on her own because it stemmed from her insecurity.

"I see. Have you seen the movie already?" Kyle questioned with a raised brow, but his silence told him all he needed to know.

Nakamura must have given him something to watch because it was hard to discern this from the trailer alone. And if he was referring to Calista's previous movie, then he would be wrong in his assessment, because it was a mediocre film at best.

Kyle knew he had the money to scrub it off the internet, and there would not be a single trace of it.

But it was her past, and it was something that made her known—and erasing it might not be the best choice, as it would be a great reminder to show the world how far she had come.

"Silly thing for me to ask. Of course, you haven't seen it," Kyle said. Plausible deniability was a thing.

Jane was amazed by how composed Kyle was, despite this man having more fame than he did.

Kyle controlled and dictated the conversation. This was the first time she had seen him interact with another person outside their relationship.

"I want to feature her in my next movie," Tobias said, but Kyle squinted at this offer because it sounded like something anybody who tried to take advantage of a situation would do.

Once again, Jane could feel her anxiety rising the moment Calista's name was mentioned.

The fact that she was the subject of the conversation made her feel small, even though Cassandra didn't feel the same way.

She noticed Jane was anxious and placed her hand on her lap to calm her down.

Jane didn't know she was fidgeting, but the moment she felt Cassandra's hand, she calmed down.

"I decline," Kyle said sternly, because he knew what this was—he wanted to feed off her momentum to promote his next film.

Everyone was shocked at the table because they expected Kyle to say yes due to the fame of the man in front of him, but Kyle wasn't bothered.

"I'm only reaching out to you out of respect. I'm under no obligation to," Tobias said sternly, but despite his serious tone, Kyle didn't bother much with anything he said.

"I have given you my answer. Now, can you leave my table? I prefer the company I had before you joined," Kyle responded, but there was something sinister about his tone.

Tobias felt insulted—as he should—and without saying a word, he got up and left.

Kyle knew he would try to reach out to Calista, but this would be a good test for her.

He checked his phone briefly, and—speaking of the devil—Calista was trending.

"Huh?" Kyle thought to himself, and the first link he clicked showed a picture of Calista and a mysterious man supposedly kissing.

Kyle didn't say a word and simply slid his phone back into his pocket, focusing on the women in front of him.

There was no emotional connection, so he wasn't hurt, but Kyle did feel disrespected by her actions. Still, he didn't care enough to confront her about it.

Jane excused herself to the toilet, and Cassandra allowed her to have her space, because she knew she might need a little time to recollect herself.

"Is she okay?" Kyle asked.

"She got anxious when Calista became the topic, but she will be fine," Cassandra informed Kyle, but Kyle could hear the worry in Cassandra's voice.

"I see…" Kyle responded, and it finally hit him—Calista wasn't worth making Jane worry about.

He shouldn't be keeping her if it made the woman he did care about anxious.

Kyle knew he had a choice to make, and he had to make it soon, because one bad egg can ruin the bunch.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 306 - 306: Kyle's New Family! [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Calista was enjoying her night, and she hadn't been on the internet for quite some time because she knew it would keep her distracted from her meditation.

She knew Kyle was using her for her body and was fine with that as long as the benefits kept coming, but what was this?

Why was she feeling uneasy when the thought of him with other women crossed her mind?

The fact that some were able to get versions of him shouldn't hurt her ego.

The world told Calista that she could get everything she wanted because she had the looks.

This was something Kyle had constantly debunked with his behaviour, because there was nothing she did that could win him over the way she wanted.

She wanted that version of him so she could tell herself she was enough, but then she flicked on the internet at last.

The first thing she noticed was her phone buzzing like crazy as it was flooded with notifications.

Calista had no idea what was happening, but this is what happens when she decides to stay offline for 24 hours.

"The hell…!?" Calista's eyes widened in shock the moment she noticed there was something online about her that put her in a compromising position.

Calista panicked right away because Kyle made his rules clear, and she had already lied to him once.

Even if it wasn't what it looked like, the base trust was gone already, and this would only worsen it.

She frantically checked to see if Kyle had texted her and saw no messages from him.

"Maybe he didn't see it…" Calista tried to console herself, but there was no way he wouldn't have seen it, considering it involved his top talent.

And with the movie premiere doing the numbers it did, they were trending more than they ever had, and while this helped their marketing, as the fanbase already did their math,

There was only one logical conclusion to any of this: Lorenzo.

Lorenzo was with her all through, and if anything, that should spark some sort of romance between them.

They thought the real world operated like the ones they saw on television.

Calista knew this might be the end of whatever she had with Kyle — and that made her scared out of her mind.

But there was one person she could direct her rage at, and it was the woman who had posted it in the first place.

Calista barged out of her home and charged toward the woman responsible for all of this.

She needed a source for her rage and had her target right down the street, and she was about to give her a piece of her mind.

However, the woman wasn't home — not everyone had the luxury of staying home 24/7.

Calista knew nothing about her, and this was an outcome she didn't even think was possible.

Every second Kyle didn't call or text her only increased her anxiety.

Calista had to call Isabella because she didn't know if there would be consequences, even though this skyrocketed the anticipation for the movie.

"Hello Isabella, I know you've seen what's trending online and I—!" Calista was interrupted by Isabella.

[[Breathe, Calista. We do not have a policy against dating fellow entertainers. You have your own life, and we respect it,]] Isabella reassured her.

This meant there were no potential consequences following the leak, and her career was at least safe.

"Thank you so much! What did Kyle have to say about this?" Calista asked.

This was the first time she was talking about Kyle with her, and Isabella raised a confused brow.

[[Is there a reason he should say anything?]] Isabella questioned.

She already had her suspicions that they were involved with each other, and to be honest, she didn't care.

And the fact that Calista was worried showed it wasn't the contract that bothered her, but the line she might have crossed with Kyle.

Isabella had no interest in being caught in the middle of whatever drama they had going on — but if she had to pick a side, it would be Kyle.

Because Calista was a replaceable talent.

However, Kyle was someone she was still trying to convince to enter the acting industry, because he was the real talent.

Calista remained silent for a couple of seconds because the last thing she wanted was to drag Isabella into this.

"Oh, it's nothing. I'll talk to you later," Calista quickly said before ending the call.

She was in her head, and silence was the most effective way to send a message, because this showed Calista she wasn't worth crashing out over.

Kyle didn't return home to Ella. He knew she needed the house to herself after what happened, and this was the most effective way.

He spent the time with Cassandra and Jane, but to his utmost surprise, they ended up talking and playing trivia games.

Kyle was surprised by how much they knew about him and how little he knew about them.

He realised that they were getting to know him, and not just leeching off him.

It was pleasant — he felt seen, a feeling he didn't know he needed to experience.

He trusted Cassandra, but seeing Jane make an effort warmed his heart, despite her not having the emotional maturity to comprehend the experiences he had gone through in his life.

They slept off in the parlour, with nothing sexual occurring all night.

Others would have screamed for a threesome, but this somehow felt more intimate than that.

"Good morning!" Jasmine greeted him, jumping on his back, prompting a smile to crease his face.

Jasmine had warmed up to him because Kyle was the family she now knew.

He looked after her and gave her food — that was enough to tell her all she needed. Kyle became her guardian.

He fed her things she had never eaten before, and that cemented her trust in him.

"Hello to you, too, Jasmine," Kyle said, a broad smile on his face.

"Where are you going? You just got here!" Jasmine exclaimed, and Kyle remembered briefly what it was like having a younger sister or family.

"I have work, Jasmine. I have to go," Kyle told her, but she hugged him tighter.

She was surprisingly strong for her age, but of course, her strength was no match for a grown adult, and Kyle broke away from her.

"I'll be back," Kyle said, patting her head.

"You promise?" Jasmine questioned, and Kyle nodded.

"Cross my heart and hope to die," Kyle responded with a smile — but Jasmine panicked the moment she heard this.

"I don't want you to die!" Jasmine blurted out, tears welling up in her eyes.

"No, Jasmine, I'm not dying… I'm just saying I won't break the promise," Kyle tried his best to explain, but Jasmine was still sobbing profusely.

Cassandra came in and saw Jasmine crying before looking at Kyle to ask with her eyes what he had done.

"I'm innocent!" Kyle quickly defended himself without Cassandra having to ask.

"He said he was going to die if he broke his promise!" Jasmine barked.

Kyle couldn't contain his laughter as a chuckle escaped his lips before he explained the situation to Cassandra.

Cassandra proceeded to break it down in a way Jasmine could understand and wondered why Kyle had phrased it that way, even though it wasn't his fault.

How was he to know she had never heard that saying before? Either way, Kyle now understood how he could have explained it better.

"You're headed out?" Jane joined them shortly after, but she had something in her hand.

It was a lunchbox. There were maids here, but Jane and Cassandra preferred to cook their meals — after all, they were a small family.

"I'm headed to work. I have some loose ends to tie up," Kyle responded.

Jane, dressed in a nightgown, walked up to Kyle to hand him the lunchbox.

Kyle immediately pulled her in when she was in range, before kissing her, and on cue, Cassandra's hand obstructed Jasmine's view, because this wasn't the type of kiss a kid should witness.

Kyle's tongue was down her throat, and Jane loved the feeling.

Cassandra looked at them — she caught herself smiling. What a great thing it must be to be this passionate.

They were done, and Kyle winked at Cassandra before gesturing for her to come to him.

Cassandra looked at Jane as though she sought her approval. She had no problem waiting until Jane was comfortable, but Jane already had a soft spot for her.

"I-It's fine," Jane muttered, before Cassandra walked up to him.

There was an understanding of the hierarchy in this household, and Jane was at the top.

Kyle kissed Cassandra, but it wasn't as intense as with Jane, which was understandable. Still, Cassandra was glad just being a part of it.

"And now you — come here," Kyle gestured to Jasmine, who ran toward him, and he planted a kiss on her forehead like a father would.

"I'll see you all soon," Kyle said before leaving the house.

But one thing was clear: these people were now his home.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 307 - 307: The Watcher.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle drove away, and he couldn't believe how peaceful his life had become. He noticed Ella was yet to respond to his messages despite reading them.

The fact that he didn't spend the night at home and she didn't reach out to see if he was okay was proof that she didn't spend the night there either.

Kyle knew she would need space and time to come to terms with what had happened, because even if it was 'wrong,' she did get excited by it.

That was a recipe for internal conflict, but Kyle didn't think too much of this.

The traffic today was something else—it was unlike anything he had seen in quite some time.

Kyle's phone buzzed shortly after, and it was from an unsaved number with an address.

Kyle wasn't expecting to meet anyone, nor did he have any meeting scheduled, so why did whoever sent this think he would jeopardise his safety and go to the address?

"This must be a prank…" Kyle muttered under his breath and put the phone back in his pocket.

However, there was this uneasy feeling that came with the text.

Kyle quickly checked the location on his car's navigation system and noticed it was a place he could reach in the next 5 minutes if he took a quick detour.

Kyle knew it was about time to change his approach and made a quick stop at a nearby gun shop.

He was about to get strapped up because he knew fighting with his hands against people who used guns was the dumbest thing one could do.

Kyle knew he had to arm himself, and if he had a gun, he would have a sense of security that came with it.

Kyle got a gun in less than ten minutes, but he had mastered how to use it because of all the games he had played.

There was no way there wouldn't be similarities between them both, and Kyle needed it, but hoped he wouldn't have to use it.

This was the Heckler & Koch MP5 that easily exceeded $70,000—a very good submachine gun that could unleash enough bullets in a limited amount of time.

It was far more ideal than a pistol, and Kyle's clean record made buying it possible, not to mention that he overpaid for it.

This was to hasten the process, and this granted him the upper hand because now, he was ready.

Kyle drove to the location given to him, but the area was partly deserted—it was out in the middle of nowhere.

There was no building in sight, but Kyle had his gun right now, so there was a sense of reassurance.

Kyle stopped there and waited for whoever it was that had sent him the message, but to his surprise, he got another text.

However, it was a picture of him. Kyle immediately yanked his head in the direction from which it was taken.

There was no one, but this was something that worried him—it would be so easy to kill him. But Kyle had his gun strapped to his back, hidden by his loose shirt.

He was ready to stand his ground should the situation call for it, but there was no target.

However, Kyle quickly ducked down when he heard the revving engine of something coming from afar.

He had no idea who it was, but there was no way a car should be coming down this road.

Kyle could feel his heart beating harder than it should, and this told him all he needed to.

This was dangerous, and suddenly, a gun didn't feel enough, but it would have to do.

Kyle took a deep breath before assuming a false identity. He carried himself differently as he adopted a character that would do well in a situation like this, and that character was John Wick.

Kyle stood up, filled with confidence, and just as he expected, the car came to a halt right in front of him.

Kyle relaxed on the hood of his vehicle and realised it was about time he got to the bottom of this.

Two heavily armed men exited the vehicle first. Kyle took note of the guns in their hands, and it was no small weapons.

It easily eclipsed the weapon he owned in price, and should they fire that thing at him, there was no way in hell he would survive it.

But the person who exited the vehicle next shocked Kyle because this was a face he knew.

"You are…!"

Nakamura sat in his office with a huge cigarette between his lips. The thing about this man was that no one saw him parading with women, despite his status, making this an easy task.

He didn't chase or pursue women because he understood this was how great men fell.

He couldn't exhibit any weaknesses that would otherwise be used against him, and this included the opposite sex.

Nakamura was focused on his task, and there was only one thing standing in his way right now.

The Mafia's message wasn't restricted to just the criminals but also to Nakamura.

Nakamura knew he could join this world if he wanted to, but he was serious, wanting only to make a name for himself legitimately.

However, if he was threatened in any way, that was a different story altogether.

He knew the families were gathering, and there was only one reason for them to do something like that.

He understood the situation a lot better than anyone else right now, because this was a takeover.

There was no other way to describe this situation, as the families rarely gathered unless something major was about to go down.

Yuki noticed he was on edge and realised things must not be going according to plan for this to happen.

Nakamura knew the success of the movie would put his agency in the limelight, and this meant he couldn't do anything rash, as there was a chance it could blow up in his face.

He worked too hard to get here, and while he might not be directly involved in what was about to go down, he knew getting involved could potentially drag the Yakuza into it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 308 - 308: A Big Reveal!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was astonished because he was standing in front of someone he had no business getting involved with, as the person who stepped out of the car was none other than Cleopatra.

There was no logical reason for her to be here whatsoever, but here she was, in the flesh.

The first thought that came to his mind was Ella's safety, because what if Cleopatra planned to hurt her? He wouldn't put it past her to do something that extreme.

"What are you doing here?" Kyle asked, clearly feeling threatened, but Cleopatra didn't give him a verbal response.

She looked right in the direction where Kyle's attention was a few minutes ago and just smirked.

"I'm sure you're aware your life belongs to me out here," Cleopatra said, but Kyle knew he had to be careful.

The situation had changed completely, but what was more pressing was the fact that Cleopatra might have been the one sending him messages.

Why would she have any reason to do something like that in the first place?

Kyle noticed she had looked at the spot where the picture of him was taken and instantly knew she had someone positioned there.

"A sniper?" Kyle thought to himself—a thought that would have been ridiculous if it were anyone else, but this was Cleopatra.

Kyle knew this woman was a threat, but why she was helping him was the big question.

Kyle didn't know how to react, but his external facial expression didn't show any hint of fear.

"Now, come over here," Cleopatra gestured to him, and Kyle knew firsthand she loved belittling people, so massaging her ego was the only way out of her.

Kyle knew right away that she had no plans of taking his life; that would be a ridiculous thing to do, because there was no way someone of his status would disappear without sending ripples into the world.

"Cleopatra, say what you want, or I'm leaving," Kyle threatened her right away, but all she did was look in amazement. She didn't need to open her mouth.

One of the guards standing beside her walked towards Kyle. Kyle knew right away this was an attempt at disciplining him.

"You should watch how you speak!" the guard barked, and Kyle couldn't blame him, as he was taking orders.

At the end of the day, this was his livelihood, and protecting Cleopatra must have high gains, but all of that would go out the window should he put his hands on him.

Kyle waited patiently, and the moment the man got within proximity, he tried to land a punch on Kyle, but all Kyle did to avoid it was take a step back.

Everyone was surprised, as he didn't look like someone who could fight, but Kyle made sure to learn various fighting styles so no one could get the best of him should violence become the solution.

"Is that necessary? I'm not here for a dick-measuring contest," Kyle warned.

He could see the other man's hand linger on his gun, but all of this was unnecessary.

"Kyle, I want you to kill Marcello," Cleopatra said with a straight face, but Kyle had no idea who that was.

"Kill who now?"

—

Calista was dealing with the backlash of the leak, as speculation about who it was spread like wildfire.

It wasn't negative because the fandom was curious as to who Calista was romantically involved with, as there wasn't anything else to go off of.

Calista needed to find a way to twist this to her advantage, and even if the rumours with Lorenzo were confirmed, there weren't any negatives.

She never thought about how Lorenzo's partner must feel—not even once—but this showed how selfish she was overall, or this thought would have at least crossed her mind.

She was anxious but saw nothing from Kyle. The woman whom she wanted to use as an outlet for her anger was nowhere to be seen.

This allowed the rage and panic to build up, but there was one person she knew who knew Kyle on a personal level.

She gave Ella a call, knowing she must have seen the news, but they had drifted apart because they were rarely in contact.

It would be weird shooting her a text without any reason, but Calista had a leeway.

[[Hey! Guess who got a man?]] Calista stared at the text for a second. It sounded a little desperate, and in no time, she erased everything.

"Damn it!" Calista mumbled to herself. She couldn't believe the hole she was in.

[[Calista, what is going on? We need to talk about what is going on.]] Lorenzo sent her a text, but this act irritated Calista.

Lorenzo should be glad there was a rumour that even linked her to him, and she wondered if this would have ever happened if she hadn't had some liquor in her system.

"Wait…" Calista thought to herself. This might all be an opportunity in disguise.

She knew rushing and making a mistake was something she couldn't afford at this point.

[[You're right, we need to talk about it. Want to meet up for coffee?]] Calista suggested.

[[Are you sure that is a good idea?]] Lorenzo questioned, as he was aware that being seen together in public could do more harm than good at the moment.

[[Unless your boyfriend has a problem with it?]] Calista asked, but noticed he took longer to respond.

"Hmmm," she muttered the moment she saw she got a text from a different person.

She left her texting thread with Lorenzo, and to her utmost surprise, it was a message from Ella—

The person she was just about to text, but reconsidered, and it seemed the universe had rewarded her for her decision.

[[Heyyy, I know it has been a while, but I want to know how you're doing?]] Ella said, and the moment Calista opened the message…

[[Sike! Girl, what is this I'm seeing on the internet!?]] Ella fired back, ditching the formality and opting for a more familiar tone.

Calista couldn't contain her smile because, in all honesty, she did miss her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 309 - 309: Girl Talk.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ella grinned at her phone as Calista spilt the beans and clarified the situation, because Calista knew Ella had a direct link to Kyle.

Maybe if she explained things to her, she would relay it to Kyle—or at least, this was something she hoped for, as she had no idea what was waiting for her on the other side.

Ella got the news that it was all a big misunderstanding and couldn't help but chuckle at the situation, despite it spiralling into the mess it did.

What were the chances of all of this happening? Ella had no idea how Kyle would feel, but she knew it wouldn't be something he took lightly.

"Fuck! Why do I keep thinking about him!?" Ella barked at her phone before putting it down.

She hadn't spent the night at his place, but decided she needed to go back soon because most of her clothes were there.

Ella hoped Kyle wasn't there, but she did find it strange he didn't reach out to her despite the dangers he spoke about.

She expected him to keep tabs on her or at least share her location.

She understood she had no reason to demand this and would have declined, but finding out he didn't bother hurt her ego. It gave her a much-needed reality check.

However, what if something happened to Kyle that made him unable to reach out? Calista said she hadn't spoken to him lately, either.

Ella couldn't hold out and needed to know how he was doing. She broke character and instantly sent him a text message.

She stared at it for a second, almost like she expected him to respond right away.

There was no reply, but her phone soon rang—it was a call from Jane, and Ella had no idea how to react.

She felt guilty for some reason and contemplated until the phone stopped ringing.

Ella sighed, wondering what had come over her, and quickly called Jane back.

Jane picked up right away and resolved herself to let her know what happened with Ella.

[[ELLAAAA!]] Jane was excited as usual, and Ella's face creased into a smile.

"Someone woke up on the right side of the bed today," Ella responded.

[[I always wake up on the right side of the bed when you aren't sleeping beside me,]] Jane fired back. This made Ella chuckle uncontrollably, but that laugh soon subsided the moment she remembered what she had to tell Jane.

"Hey Jane, I need to tell you something…" Ella began before pausing for a moment.

Jane waited for her to say what she wanted to say, but Ella's throat became heavy.

[[Is this about Kyle?]] Jane questioned, but there was no way Kyle would tell her the full story.

He must have twisted it to suit him—or at least, this was what she thought, even though Kyle had no reason to.

"Wait, what did Kyle tell you?" Ella had to be sure it was what she thought it was.

[[He told me everything, Ella, and I'm fine with it,]] Jane reassured her friend.

She already had a taste of the life he had planned out for them, and Jane didn't hate it.

She liked Cassandra, and if anything, adding Ella would be to her advantage because it would mean they would grow together.

This way, Ella wouldn't be taken by another man, and they wouldn't inevitably drift apart, as Ella's focus would be on her family.

"You mean he told you about… that?" Ella found herself flustered. Why would Kyle tell her something so intimate rather than allowing her to do so?

But this debunked everything she assumed about Kyle, because this meant he was truly transparent with Jane.

[[Y-Yes…]] Jane couldn't say it with a straight face, as she was aware of how all of this looked.

"Damn that man! He just says anything that comes out of his mouth!" Ella blurted out, but the sense of relief that came afterwards couldn't be described.

The burden she felt was no more, and she wondered if it was too soon to gossip about Kyle.

"He is such a strange man," Ella snuck in a comment.

[[I know, right? But that is what makes him amazing. I want you to know…I-I don't mind.]] Jane stuttered, and Ella could feel her heart pumping.

She hoped Jane would denounce and reject her so she would have an excuse not to act on her desires, but nothing was stopping her now.

She could no longer lie to herself, but knowing she could speak to Jane about this provided her some comfort, even if they were talking about the same man.

[[He took us out somewhere fancy and spent the night with us,]] Jane added to break the silence.

"He spent the night there? You mean he didn't go home?" Ella questioned.

[[No, he didn't. I thought you moved in with him?]] Jane was under this impression, and finding out Ella spent the night out sounded unlike her friend.

"I didn't… I couldn't see him after that night," Ella admitted. Kyle had her on the ropes, but finding out Kyle wasn't even home made her efforts to dodge him all the more ineffective.

She would have to face him soon after all, if she was going to figure out if this was something that worked for her.

[[You don't need to be embarrassed. You like him, don't you?]] Jane asked, but Ella was hesitant to answer. Should the words come out of her mouth, it would be something she couldn't take back.

"I-I don't know what I feel," Ella admitted, but this must be true—otherwise, Kyle would have seen her affection bar pop up long ago.

But one thing was for certain—Ella had taken a big step toward deciding her relationship with Kyle.

Was it just lust or something more? This was yet to be discovered, but speaking to Jane helped put her thoughts together.

Jane and Ella spoke some more about their lives, as well as how well she was getting along with Cassandra. Ella didn't know something like this could work, but this was proof that it could with the right person.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 310 - 310: Back Home.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle's meeting with Cleopatra came to an end, and he was on his way back home to contemplate what she had asked him to do.

Kyle knew this would jeopardise him, but there was no way he could get close to Marcello without losing his head.

The truth was, Kyle knew Marcello was an evil man and one that shouldn't walk the face of the earth. Kyle knew the Mafia was nothing to be trifled with, and if Cleopatra wanted his head, then there was a chance she would be willing to partner with him.

Maybe with her, he stood a chance, because she remained an unknown variable in this situation.

He knew Cleopatra might be bad, but surely she couldn't be worse than the Mafia, could she?

Even if she was, he could deal with her later—but Marcello was the main threat.

She informed him of the gathering of the families, and there was only one way to take advantage of this situation.

He needed to use one evil to counteract the other. This meant Kyle would have to find a way to poison one of their minds.

And luckily, he had the money to do so, because in the end, there was no such thing as too much money.

Kyle needed a breather, but more so, he needed to speak to Ella regarding her sister and gather as much information as he could.

She owned an empire, but it didn't belong to her alone, and something told Kyle that if Ella became a problem, she could be on the receiving end of her older sister's wrath.

Kyle couldn't wrap his head around why she had been keeping tabs on him. Not just that, but she also saved him from the attempt on his life.

If he didn't receive that warning, he wouldn't have been as alert as he was to begin with.

However, Kyle knew she was crazy enough to stage the assassination attempt herself as a way to earn his trust.

Because Kyle would be indebted to her for saving his life—or at least, that was how the script went in such situations.

Kyle arrived and noticed there were more cars in the parking lot—a good sign for business, as it showed the apartment wasn't inhabited by bums.

Kyle smiled to himself as he made his way to his apartment, but he could tell before opening the door that someone was in.

Ella must have returned, and Kyle knew they might have to have a conversation regarding what happened between them, so there wouldn't be any unresolved tension.

Kyle entered but made sure to make as much noise as possible so she would be alerted that he was coming in.

He didn't want to catch her doing something he wished he could unsee.

And to his surprise, his nose perceived something pleasant, which was unusual because all Ella knew how to do was burn food.

Kyle chuckled as he walked into the kitchen. She must have just finished cooking for the aroma to be this poignant.

"Something smells good!" Kyle exclaimed. There was no change in how he would otherwise converse with her.

"Shut the hell up! Why are you so loud?" Ella barked from her room before hurried footsteps followed.

She appeared in front of Kyle, and what she wore would confirm whether she would continue her sexual relationship with Kyle or not.

She wore bum shorts that barely covered her buttocks alongside loose singlets, which made her breasts sway all over the place.

Kyle smirked the moment he saw this and wondered if she wished to be used by him right now.

"You have such a foul mouth for such a pretty lady," Kyle complimented her, and Ella would have fired back on a normal day, but that compliment caught her off guard.

"Do not finish the food, I will come back for seconds," Ella warned him, but Kyle's eyes were focused on her erect nipples.

"Don't worry, I'm not interested in food," Kyle said, and Ella realised what he was implying, quickly throwing her arm over her breasts.

"S-Stop staring!" Ella warned, but Kyle wasn't going to listen to her. She made a conscious decision to wear it despite his warning, which could only mean one thing.

"Why? I like what I see," Kyle said, but he peeled his eyes off her for a second because his stomach rumbled.

"Oh, it looks like I might be hungry for some actual food after all," Kyle said.

Ella couldn't hold in her giggle, and this settled the tension between them.

The meeting was over, and the families had dispersed, but they remained in the country.

Marcello was glad they were here because he knew if he used their strength, there was nothing he couldn't do.

The Mafia, unlike other organisations, had a strong presence in multiple countries, and this meant influence alongside transport routes.

Marcello wasn't just about to spread this drug in the United States, but around the world.

This would increase his wealth tenfold, and there would be nothing he couldn't buy, as he would be one of the richest men alive.

But not just that—he would have the power to go with it, because if he could unite the underworld like he did these families,

He would have total control of the underground network in this country.

Pablo Escobar nearly accomplished this feat but fell short; however, Marcello was sure he had what the man lacked, which was competent allies.

He was alone in his room, decorated with some of the most expensive furniture.

Marcello was aware that if they wished to hurt him, they would go after his daughter, so he had to find a way to take her off the board.

However, he was the only one who had the means to protect her should push come to shove, but his daughter was stubborn.

Marcello had to make the first move, and it had to be perfect. He couldn't let his enemies recover.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 311 - 311: Has Ella Given In?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was done eating, and he was surprised Ella could cook—the food hit every bud he had. He didn't know rice could taste this good, but it was also the first time he had eaten something like this as well.

Ella was in her room, but Kyle knew they had to talk about that night so they could both be clear on where they stood.

Kyle didn't hide his intentions, but also knew he had to respect whatever it was Ella decided.

However, she wore those clothes, and this told Kyle she was interested in his offer even though she was too proud to verbally say it.

He knocked on her door—it might be his home, but her privacy came first without saying.

"Hey, you. Can I come in, or are you naked?" Kyle questioned, and he could hear hurried movements behind the door.

And after a few more hurried steps, the door eventually opened with Ella in a change of clothes.

"Damn…" Kyle thought to himself as he glanced down at the transparent crop top she had on. He could barely make out her nipples due to the lighting behind them.

"I'm sorry, I was… busy," Ella said, but there was something familiar about this.

Kyle could smell the hormones oozing from her body, and it was something he had grown accustomed to with his sexcapades.

"W-What do you want?" Ella asked as a bead of sweat dripped down her forehead, like she was working out.

"Can't I come in?" Kyle asked, but Ella was hesitant to answer. She glanced over her shoulder as if to check if something was in view.

And after a second or two of this, she stepped aside and allowed Kyle to enter her room.

Kyle walked past her, but in his mind, he knew whatever she was doing in her room wasn't something as innocent as napping.

Kyle looked around her room, but he noticed that Ella had gone straight to a section of her room.

He pretended not to notice this, but he caught a glimpse of the object she was trying to hide.

"A vibrator? She went right at it with me in the next room?" Kyle didn't say his thoughts out loud.

He sat on the bed and waited for Ella to join him, but she stood awkwardly in front of him.

"You aren't going to sit?" Kyle asked, but Ella wasn't comfortable.

"You know, I can leave and come back some other time?" Kyle gave her the option to postpone this discussion.

"No, I'm fine… What do you want to talk about?" Ella questioned, but before the conversation could proceed—

Kyle lay on her bed, his back hitting the soft mattress despite Ella standing over him.

"Why don't you turn on the light? It is kind of dark in here," Kyle suggested, but Ella shrugged it off.

She knew if she did turn on the lights like he asked, he might see something he wasn't supposed to see.

Kyle noticed the mattress was damp—she was definitely masturbating on this spot.

"I wanted to talk about that night," Kyle said, and Ella looked away in shame, even though Kyle couldn't see her.

"And what about it?" Ella wanted to see how he approached this conversation, so she chose to play dumb.

"I know you were awake, Ella." Kyle didn't have time for delusions.

"What I want to know is why you didn't stop it—and be honest with me," Kyle said, and silence followed. He had never heard a silence so loud, but Ella finally spoke.

"I-I don't know," Ella stuttered.

"You don't know what?" Kyle questioned, expecting her to spill it all out as he had no time for games.

"I don't know if I want this…" Ella confessed.

"It is your choice. I want you to do this because you want to," Kyle spoke softly to her.

He understood the consequence of making a decision one couldn't keep to.

"But I know what I want, Ella… I want you," Kyle informed her.

Ella wished he made things harder for her to cave in, but everything about Kyle was different.

Kyle didn't hear a word for a few seconds, but the lights in the room soon turned on.

Kyle jerked his head forward slowly to see why she did that.

However, what his eyes saw made him hard right away—he could see her areolas from beneath her transparent crop top.

It took Kyle only a few seconds for his body to respond to what his eyes were seeing.

Ella was nervous, but Kyle could tell this was an intentional decision.

Kyle didn't say a word, but the truth was, he didn't need to because they both knew what was happening at this moment.

"You are attracted to me," Ella couldn't help but feel flattered by it.

"Who knows? How about you come find out?" Kyle teased, and Ella didn't like how cocky he was.

"Fuck you," Ella cursed and turned around to walk away before she heard a word escape Kyle's lips.

"Freeze," Kyle instructed, because the back view was more serene than the front—the way her ass was almost poking out of the short, silky skirt she had on was something one could describe as a work of art.

Ella had no idea why she listened, even if it was just for a couple of seconds, before she started to move again.

But she wasn't going to have her way, because Kyle was already on his feet. She froze in place the moment she felt him towering right behind her.

"Are you going to chicken out after getting me this excited?" Kyle said, grabbing a handful of her left buttcheek.

"Mffffmmm~!" Ella moaned softly—she was touching herself before he came in, so her body was extra sensitive.

"Fucking hell, look at the way my hand just sinks in…" Kyle muttered under his breath.

Ella could move—she wasn't bound, and Kyle had told her numerous times he was fine if she didn't want this.

Kyle let go after approximately five seconds. He didn't want to rush this; he wanted the tension to be at its peak, to the point she could no longer resist.

He went back to the bed and lay down. Ella had no idea why he didn't try to go further, and she looked back to see what it was he was doing.

She saw Kyle stroking his cock with the hand that had just grabbed her cheek while looking straight at her.

"W-What the…! He really is a pervert!" Ella mumbled to herself, but deep down, she knew he wasn't the only one.

.

.

.

.

A/N: Apparently, my cover was reported for being "inappropriate"

Crazy, right?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 312 - 312: Ella? Is That You? [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was jerking off, and Ella had a decision to make. She stood there and just watched.

The way he stroked it was slow and gentle, and she wondered if he would handle her that delicately.

The truth was, Ella was starved and needed that sexual release, even if she tried her best to resist the temptation.

Kyle was patient; he didn't rush the process, and this only made her crave him all the more.

It was a smart move on his end because he could have easily had sex with her a couple of days ago.

Ella stood there, and Kyle had a smile on his face. She expected him to feel some kind of shame, but he wasn't backing down.

He wasn't breaking eye contact, and Ella could feel the juices dripping down her thighs.

She could easily walk away, but part of her wondered what it would feel like to have that thing in her hand.

Would it be hot, would it erupt like the night before, or would it wait for her to put it in her mouth before filling her throat with cum.

"Hey, are you sure you're okay just watching?" Kyle asked.

"H-How is it so hard?" Ella wondered to herself and found that curiosity had taken over.

The pre-cum leaking from the tip made her mouth water because she wondered what it tasted like.

"You can touch yourself, too. No, I would prefer it," Kyle urged her to give in to her urges, but she held on to the little sanity she clung to.

"S-Shut up!" Ella resisted, and Kyle wasn't going to try to convince her any further because he was getting his own needs met.

He was getting close, and Ella was surprised this was enough for him, and before she knew it, a huge escaped the tip of his cock, shooting like a water hose.

Despite the distance, it reached her face and spilt all over; this took her by surprise because it slipped into her mouth.

"Fucking hell! I didn't mean for it to shoot that far!" Kyle was quick to show remorse, but he saw the look on Ella's face.

It wasn't one of disgust but ecstasy; this flipped a switch in her, and in that moment, Kyle knew it too.

"W-What is this taste…?" Ella questioned herself, confused as she smeared it all over her face, scooping some between her lips and swallowing it all.

Kyle had just come, but his cock remained hard. Ella finally moved from her position as she began to walk towards Kyle.

Kyle's back hit the bed with a thud, his breath shallow as Ella climbed over him like a lioness who had just cornered her prey. The sunlight filtering through the curtains gave her skin an ethereal glow, but there was nothing soft about the way she looked down at him.

"You talk too much," she said, her voice low, almost a growl.

Kyle opened his mouth to speak, but Ella pinned his wrists above his head, her hips grinding against his slowly, deliberately.

"Mmm~... You're already trembling," she whispered near his ear, letting a moan escape her lips, soft and breathy.

"You act tough, but I can feel how desperate you are." Ella continued to tease him.

Kyle grunted beneath her, unable to suppress the way his body reacted.

"Ella…~!" Kyle moaned helplessly; he didn't expect her to be this forceful.

"Shhh…" she interrupted, dragging her nails gently down his chest.

"You're not in control here… Not anymore," Ella whispered as she dug her nails slightly into his chest.

She rolled her hips again, this time harder, drawing a guttural moan from Kyle's throat.

"Ahh—fuck…" Kyle could feel the pressure mounting. He could feel his cock melt inside her.

Ella smirked. There was something that made her drool about seeing how helpless the cocky Kyle had become.

"That's right. Moan for me. I want to hear it." Ella leaned in, whispering in his ear as she brought her ass up before clamping it down on him again and again.

He tried to lift himself, but her grip tightened. Ella was letting out years of sexual frustration right now.

"Beg." She commanded.

"What—?" Kyle was trying his best not to cum because seeing Ella being so feral was something he never knew he would see.

The way her breasts swayed with every drop, Kyle was barely hanging in there.

"I said beg," she repeated, her voice cold but sultry as her hips began to grind on it while he was inside her.

"Tell me how much you want me." Ella reiterated, and Kyle knew if he didn't, she wouldn't stop.

And the last thing he wanted was to knock Ella up because that would be the worst-case scenario right now.

Kyle's lust flared, but his survival instinct was stronger.

"Please… Ella…~!" Kyle moaned, his cock soaked in her juices, on the verge of exploding.

A pleased hum rumbled from her throat, followed by a quiet, satisfied moan.

"Mmm~ That's more like it, but…" Ella paused, but only increased her pace.

She leaned in closer, her breath warm on his lips.

"I lied~!" Ella said, and at that moment, Kyle began to fear for his life because of this threat.

Ella kept her rhythm steady, each motion more intentional than the last. Her eyes locked onto Kyle's, watching him unravel beneath every hump. Every breath he took came out ragged and strained.

His fingers gripped the sheets, knuckles pale, hips twitching upward as if pleading for mercy.

"Don't you dare," Ella warned, her voice silk over steel.

"You don't finish until I let you," Ella warned him once again, and Kyle knew this meant she would try to drive him to his utmost limit.

Kyle clenched his jaw.

"Ella… I can't—!" Kyle couldn't even complete his sentence.

"You can," she interrupted, grinding down harder, making him grunt.

"Mmf—fuck… Ella, I'm going to cum!" Kyle pleaded.

She leaned down, brushing her lips against his ear. "Say it. Say you're mine."

"I'm… yo-~," he gasped, the words hanging in his throat as his balls were about to implode.

"You are so close~!" She moaned softly into his neck, her own body shaking as she neared the edge.

Kyle barely had the strength, but instinct and obedience drove him. He gritted his teeth, hips lifting, pulling back just in time—his release spilling hot across his stomach, breath hitching as his moan tore through the room.

"Ah—fucking hell…" Kyle said, clearly exhausted, as this was too close a call.

Ella hovered above him, thighs trembling, her chest heaving with satisfaction.

She stared down at him with a satisfied smirk, brushing his damp hair from his forehead.

"Not bad," she whispered, tracing a finger through the mess he left behind.

"You held on better than I thought." Ella praised his endurance as she expected him to tap out a lot sooner.

Kyle could only nod, eyes hazy, body limp beneath her.

Ella leaned down again, this time pressing a slow kiss to his lips—possessive, rewarding.

"Next time," she purred.

"You'll ask before you even get close," Ella warned him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 313 - 313: Jane's Interview.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jane and Cassandra were always together; they had grown a strong bond at this point, but there was nothing wrong with this.

Cassandra gave her stability, but Jane wasn't going to stay indoors all day, as she had a job interview to go to that day.

Cassandra helped prep her and wished her luck. Jane was glad she had her support; otherwise, she wasn't sure what she would do in this situation.

Jane had on a corporate uniform with a fancy black trousers. She had to dress like she belonged, but at the same time, she couldn't be too intimidating.

Jane was a nervous wreck, but the good thing about all of this was that she didn't draw condescending stares from those around her because she dressed like she belonged.

She also chose to use a public mode of transportation so there wouldn't be anything standing in the way.

Jane walked into a beauty salon, and it was one of the fanciest places she had been in right away.

Not only was it crowded, but the equipment within the building was all of the highest grade.

She was instantly intimidated because the women there had a different feel to them—she could tell right away that they grew up with money.

No, they were swimming in it, and this prompted her to lower her gaze.

She didn't look anyone in the eye, as it might be deemed disrespectful, and the fact that she was coming here for a job would make this uncomfortable, should she even get the job.

"Welcome to KNOX Beauty Salon, how may I help you?" a lady asked Jane, but Jane wondered why she assumed she was a customer.

She didn't think she looked like one, but Jane realised she had dressed a tad bit too formally.

She should have opted for the stylish route, but she didn't want to risk it, as she had no idea what kind of professionalism they expected from those they worked with.

"N-No, I'm here for the interview," Jane responded, and the lady before her looked visibly surprised by this.

"You are? Right this way," the lady responded, directing Jane to another section of the building, which she complied with.

And just as she thought, she was the only one who had on a suit. Jane wanted to sink into the ground, as this was one of her worst fears manifesting in real time.

The ladies here were all beauties; there wasn't a single one she could say looked average, but this was because this salon only accepted beautiful women.

How could it be a beauty salon if there weren't beauties working in it?

This was one of the most important rules, and it felt like a modelling gig in a sense, because Jane had to send them her pictures.

Jane sat down, and none of the other girls paid her much attention, despite how she was dressed.

However, she noticed the eyes of a petite girl consistently glancing at her, but Jane was too wrecked with nerves to give this any meaning.

All she did was flash a polite smile and hoped there was nothing more to it.

Jane began to prepare mentally for the interview, and seconds bled into minutes as the ladies disappeared one at a time.

Jane kept rehearsing potential questions she could be asked. She had practised with ChatGPT before coming here, so it gave her a general idea of the potential questions that could be asked.

"Jane," the lady with an iPad in hand called out to her, and Jane's face instantly changed—she looked nervous.

"H-Here!" Jane stuttered as she got up to her feet. She noticed the other girl still looking at her before she mouthed the words,

"Good luck," she said without opening her mouth. Jane gave her a sincere smile and nodded in gratitude.

She rushed into the room, but realistically, how hard could the interview be?

The fact that there were so many ladies, however, raised the competition, as they had the option to be selective.

Jane walked in, but there was no one seated across the table. All she saw was a laptop facing her.

It was clear this was going to be a video call, and there was no one present. However, Jane waited for over five minutes, but there was no one at the other end.

This made her anxious because it felt like she was being watched, and not once did she slouch or look relaxed.

She had the perfect posture and looked right at the camera, not once breaking eye contact, because there was no telling when the person meant to carry out the interview would be present.

This was the reason, as the last thing she would want was someone coming here and seeing her being aloof.

However, ten minutes passed, and this was approximately the same time it took the other applicants to round up their interview, but not once did Jane look away from the camera.

And shortly after, the door behind her opened. It was the same petite girl who was staring at her earlier.

Jane wondered if her time had elapsed, but either way, she must not have been chosen. Otherwise, they would have at least acknowledged her.

"I-I'm sorry," Jane apologised to the girl standing behind her, assuming she wanted to take her seat.

However, the lady closed the laptop in front of her, and Jane was momentarily confused.

"I don't think you're supposed to do that…" Jane muttered under her breath, but the woman didn't pay her much attention.

She had pale skin, like she was covered in powder, but her petite frame could easily make her pass as a child.

This wasn't the case, however—this person now standing in front of her wasn't a random individual.

"I'm the owner of this salon, and you're hired," the lady said with a smile, and Jane's face went pale. She was in disbelief because she had done nothing.

"I-I am!?" Jane couldn't contain her shock.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 314 - 314: The Sisters.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle couldn't move. Ella rode him until she reached her climax, and she almost passed out from the sheer ecstasy of it all.

She couldn't believe she had starved herself of something this wonderful for so long.

It was a miracle she didn't run mad from being deprived for so long, and she knew for a fact she wouldn't be able to last that long again, especially after what she had done with Kyle.

She hadn't thought much about him in terms of sex or the potential he had, but he exceeded every expectation she had set for him.

Kyle showed her why women flocked to him, why he was able to tame Jane.

Ella was on the bed, barely able to move. However, this wasn't the case for Kyle, who had unnatural stamina at this point.

Ella was scared of her actions because there was no telling how this would affect her relationship with Kyle and herself.

She couldn't hold it—Ella had allowed lust to win, but this was due to Kyle playing his cards right.

Ella didn't know whether she should leave the bed or ask him to leave, as she wasn't sure if he would provide aftercare.

"Are you okay?" Kyle asked her, and Ella nodded quickly, like she didn't know how to act now that she could think straight.

It was a pain in the ass because everything she had done in the last couple of hours replayed in her head, and she was frozen in shock that she had done something so depraved.

Kyle was acting normal because they had sex, and he understood that it came with aftercare naturally, even though this risked creating an emotional attachment.

Kyle knew, considering what they had just done, that this was the least important factor.

He snuggled up beside her, and Ella almost recoiled at his touch because it startled her. This was something she wasn't expecting, as he placed his hand around her stomach to draw her in.

Ella thought he wanted to go again, but Kyle didn't initiate anything, nor was he hard.

"W-What are you doing?" Ella asked, but Kyle had no intention of letting go.

"Hush, I'm trying to sleep," Kyle responded, and this made her relax because it showed he was trying to do so. After all, he wanted to—not because he had to.

This made all the difference, and Ella closed her eyes, resting in his arms.

"You are something…" Ella muttered under her breath, but they both needed the rest.

However, before Kyle drifted into a slumber, he got an update from his system.

[Ding!]

[New harem member added]

[Update in affection bar: 17%]

-

Cleopatra was glad she got to meet Kyle, and from their first encounter, she knew right away that he could potentially be of use to her because he fought back.

No one fought back against her, not even her sister, but Kyle did just that.

He was family-oriented, and while she didn't particularly love her sister, she could use Kyle's affection for her to her advantage.

She had added that little initiative because she understood people worked a lot better with persuasion.

The men with her dared not speak, even though they questioned her motive. Cleopatra not only had a sizeable influence in the underworld, but she also had connections with some of the more powerful figures in the country.

She sat in the back of the car with an envoy around her. There was no doubt she wasn't the only one watching her competition.

Cleopatra was aware the Mafia would have eyes on her as well, but they were yet to make a move.

She understood why they hadn't—because there would be no return. Cleopatra was the last person they would want to kill, or at least, this was what she had concluded.

But was this the case? The answer to that question would come to light as a motorbike pulled up beside the car.

The convoy already had eyes on this suspicious duo because there was another person mounted on the back of the bike.

They honked to try to dissuade the bike from overtaking them, but to no success. Cleopatra glanced over her shoulder and noticed the bike slowing down.

She didn't look scared or panicked; all she did was take a deep breath.

"Get rid of them," she commanded the men in the car, and in no time, they popped out of the car, wielding their guns.

It would be extreme to open fire, but this was enough to dissuade the bike from continuing on its path, as they hit the brakes suddenly.

Cleopatra didn't care much about anyone, but there was one thing she wasn't going to risk—and that was her safety.

But this was a diversion, because from the front, a car suddenly swerved into their lane and rammed right into the car leading the convoy.

It shattered, and Cleopatra's driver managed to swerve out of the way but crashed into a nearby rail.

The fact that this road barely had any cars on it made it ideal for an assassination.

Men came out of the car, opening fire right away, killing the men in the first car as they made their way forward.

Cleopatra's car was sandwiched between two other vehicles before the attack—vehicles that were positioned to survey the road while she met Kyle.

"Damn it!" Cleopatra muttered under her breath. Her breathing was heavy as blood dripped down her forehead.

The men slowly made their way to her car, and the bike that had stopped prior took care of the car that was leading from behind.

They opened fire almost simultaneously with the crash at the front, making this a two-pronged attack.

This meant Cleopatra was left alone with the little security left in this car—but would this be a successful hit?

There were approximately six assailants in number, and they were well-armed. Cleopatra had only three more people with her.

The driver had taken stray bullets and was wounded, and all Cleopatra did was sigh in frustration.

"This is going to push back my schedule…" Cleopatra muttered under her breath.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 315 - 315: Assassination Attempt S-!?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Cleopatra was in a dire situation that could ultimately cost her everything she had fought for, yet she didn't look scared. She wasn't just some rich lady with the resources to satisfy her needs—this wasn't the first time someone had come after her life—but the fact that it came right after meeting Kyle was troubling.

She knew the Mafia was keeping tabs on him, and Cleopatra wasn't naïve enough to think this wasn't a possibility.

The men got closer, but they didn't stop shooting. They riddled the car with bullets, but she and her men had managed to exit the vehicle and take cover behind it.

Cleopatra had training; she wasn't new to combat and had been trained by some of the best instructors around the world during her formative years.

She was handed one of the more reliable semi-automatic rifles known to man, namely the Daniel Defence DDM4 V7. This one was gold-plated, implying it was her preferred weapon, personally owned.

The men closed in, but Cleopatra gestured for her men to wait. It wasn't the time to strike back, at least not yet.

And suddenly, one of the assailants dropped. Cleopatra hadn't travelled with all her security in a linear formation. There was a man positioned far off, someone Kyle had noticed earlier. He had kept his distance during this trip because his strength lay in his sniping ability.

Cleopatra had anticipated something like this, though she hadn't known just how desperate her enemies were to take her off the board.

The moment the assailants were distracted, Cleopatra and her team opened fire, killing all but one.

The sniper she had under her payroll had once been one of the best in the military during his time, but life after the military hadn't been kind to him, like so many other veterans.

However, there was one more thing that set him apart from the others: he loved to kill. It was the only thing he truly knew how to do.

That was exactly why Cleopatra hired him. His habit of keeping distance was something he requested in every mission, and it had carried over into this one as well.

It was effective. Cleopatra had called Kyle out here as bait, and the fact that the enemy took it showed they now had the power to challenge her directly.

She had kept her identity under wraps to separate her public image from the one these criminals knew.

The last man standing didn't try to defend himself. He bit off his tongue and died in the process.

"Well, that was an overreaction…" Cleopatra said, staring at his body. But this meant one thing: it was war.

The fact that Cleopatra had survived the encounter with minimal injuries was nothing short of a miracle, though it was partly due to the knowledge and experience of the ex-military man in her ranks.

She had trusted him, and that decision had paid off—she had survived an attempt on her life.

The assailants had nothing incriminating on them. They were clean, which showed they had prepared for this possibility. However, she didn't need evidence—she already knew who had sent them.

Still, all that occupied Cleopatra's mind now was the delay in her schedule due to the mess.

—

Kyle was unaware of all this and was living in a world of his own, but Cleopatra's attack would inadvertently put him on the Mafia's list.

She was one of the more dangerous individuals out there, but the fact that Kyle knew her—and had actively met with her—made him untrustworthy.

The Mafia would continue to watch him, but the real question remained: who had sent the assailants?

If it wasn't Cleopatra, and it wasn't the Mafia, then who was behind it?

This nagged at the back of Kyle's mind. He also wondered if he should tell Ella about meeting her sister, knowing she wouldn't appreciate finding out through someone else.

If their roles were reversed, he'd feel the same way. But Kyle had no idea if this was even something he should bring her into.

He was well aware of the dangers tied to his life, and one wrong piece of information could drag her into the mess.

Ella was asleep in his arms, but Kyle's mind was racing. He was caught in the middle of something he didn't know how to navigate.

If, by some miracle, he managed to kill Marcello, there was no way he'd live to tell the tale—the remnants of the family would make sure he took his last breath that same day.

On the bright side, it would prevent a war that would no doubt claim a high number of civilian casualties.

But if he didn't kill Marcello and instead informed him of Cleopatra's intent to have him killed, it could bring him closer to the boss. And through that, he might be able to take out two monsters at once.

He still had Priscilla—his trump card—and he planned to release her once he had weakened the Mafia enough.

As for the other family heads, Kyle had no doubt there would be someone—an odd man or woman—looking at Marcello's position with envy.

That was how it always went in these kinds of power structures. There was always a dreamer in the ranks who believed they could do a better job.

Kyle knew he had to find out who that person was—and fast.

That was the only feasible way to take Marcello out. He would have to utilise another evil.

Kyle ran countless simulations in his head and always arrived at the same conclusion: this was the only way.

There was one person he knew he could use to gather information—Alfredo.

Kyle could tell Alfredo was scared of him, and he could exploit that fear.

The last person on Kyle's mind right now was Calista. She was the least important factor in his life, despite the drama circulating online.

Kyle had one mission on his mind and understood he wouldn't have had this opportunity if he had never met Calista.

It was his meeting with her that ultimately activated his system.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 316 - 316: A Mole?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The things happening in the underworld weren't going unnoticed, and Cleopatra made sure to leave the bodies on the ground for the vultures.

However, it didn't make the news for obvious reasons, as it wasn't something that either party wanted.

Marcello heard about the attempt, and he was furious—not because they had failed, but because he hadn't authorised any hit on Cleopatra.

"What do you mean she was attacked?" Marcello asked the man in front of him.

Viktor "The Butcher" Sokolov was one of the more radical heads of a family, as he had done unspeakable things to rule with fear alone.

No one dared to cross him, not even the Russian government, with which he had links.

Viktor offered his services as an interrogator because the cries of people excited him.

And there was no information he couldn't get out—the ones who didn't speak simply had nothing to spill.

However, his loyalty was one thing Marcello never questioned, because he was one of the few people who had his back.

"I do not know, but it looks like they really did try to kill her," Viktor informed Marcello.

This wasn't a hit intended to fail—Cleopatra wasn't meant to live past that day—but there was no way anyone could make that move without him knowing.

Unless…

"I see… And there is no doubt she would suspect we are the ones who carried out this hit, correct?" Marcello questioned, trying his best to remain calm.

"Does it matter? We could always just kill her," Viktor said nonchalantly, but Marcello knew better.

He understood that Cleopatra didn't live as long as she did because no one wanted her dead.

She lived because her father had established the foundation she now utilised.

She had mastered the art of deception, effortlessly blending between both worlds.

"Viktor, can you do that for me?" Marcello requested, and Viktor nodded to show he was more than capable of carrying out such a task.

"It will be easy… She is a woman," Viktor said, his voice steeped in a Russian accent.

This sounded ignorant, but Viktor was the most dangerous man Marcello knew, and if he didn't have him under his control,

he would have had him killed. But luckily, Viktor became a weapon he could use.

"And Viktor… Do not underestimate that woman," Marcello warned him.

"Da," Viktor responded, eating a steak barely cooked, revealing his fang-like metal teeth.

—

Kyle was unaware of the recent development, but that didn't matter, as he had his own goals at this point.

He knew he had to take Marcello down before he could cause any more trouble, but there was no way he could kill him.

He had to find a way into his immediate circle first before he could do anything, but Alfredo was his only way of doing so.

However, he was a low-ranking member of the Mafia, and there was no way he would be able to get to the Don through him.

But it was a start. Kyle arranged to meet with Alfredo, but it was in a neutral location.

He had invited him out, but Alfredo didn't come alone; he came with a man whose name Kyle hadn't caught yet.

"Alfredo, I'm glad you came," Kyle said with a broad smile. This was not the man Alfredo knew, but he was smart enough to understand this was to be expected, considering they were in a neutral environment.

He was surprised Kyle wanted to see him at all, as he assumed he would want to keep their relationship private.

Alfredo had originally come here because he thought Kyle had something important for him, judging by the way he spoke on the phone.

"Are you okay?" Alfredo asked right away, scanning the environment for potential threats.

"I'm fine. I wanted to talk to you…" Kyle said, pausing briefly before looking at the man with him.

"Privately," Kyle concluded, and Alfredo's brows furrowed in suspicion. But this was Kyle—he knew it was in his best interest to remain on the good side of such an important asset.

Alfredo gestured for the man to leave them be, and this confirmed it wasn't a casual meeting Kyle had invited him to.

"What is it?" Alfredo asked.

"I have met with someone important, and I have no way of relaying this information to the Don," Kyle said, but Alfredo wondered why he needed this level of privacy to tell him this.

"What are you talking about?" Alfredo leaned in to listen.

"I think the Mafia has a mole," Kyle insinuated, and Alfredo recoiled at this ridiculousness before a chuckle escaped his lips.

"A mole? There is no way," Alfredo said, but despite Kyle having no proof of this. He did understand that all of this was too smooth for it to be a coincidence.

There had to be someone on the inside relaying information to those on the outside.

The assassination attempt, the attack on his life—what if it was all a bid to drive Marcello into a war?

The best way to take the crown of a king is by distracting him with a war.

Of course, all of this was made up, and Kyle knew if he had such "valuable" information, Marcello would have no choice but to meet him.

Kyle was oblivious to the attack on Cleopatra's life, and Alfredo wasn't aware of it either.

This was something the family heads kept to themselves, but it remained vastly unknown whether they were aware Kyle had met Cleopatra or not.

Marcello would have reacted differently if this were the case, and Kyle would have been the first person he sent Viktor to kill.

But he didn't, which showed this wasn't an act by the Mafia—they had no idea what was going on, or at least Marcello didn't.

And there was a big chance the man in front of him might be a mole or connected to one, yet Kyle was about to divulge valuable information.

But would this single decision be the thing to tip the scale?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 317 - 317: Recap?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was done with his meeting with Alfredo and noticed Alfredo wasn't as oblivious as he thought, but Alfredo kept the attack away from Kyle.

But Kyle also kept meeting with Cleopatra under wraps because if he revealed this information, it would give Alfredo the power to misinterpret it.

Kyle trusted no one because he wasn't here to make friends to begin with, but he had begun to make strong moves against the Mafia.

He knew how drugs ruined his childhood and the life of his mother—it ruined his family.

He wasn't about to be the facilitator for something this depraved to spread and plunge the world into even more misery.

He took Jasmine off the road for this very reason, but saving one person would make no difference.

Kyle stayed in the restaurant longer to have his fill; he wasn't in any hurry to leave the place as he had to make a couple of calls.

He knew Alfredo was smart enough to make sure he wasn't followed, so he didn't need to worry about that, even though he now knew who was watching him.

It was Cleopatra, and Kyle knew she needed him more than he needed her.

There were so many ways he could exploit this relationship, and Kyle knew there was no way to avoid this at the end of the day because Ella belonged to the same family as Cleopatra.

It would only be a matter of time before they used Ella to reach Cleopatra, but come to think of it, there were no ways to connect the two.

Ever since Ella was shunned by her family, every link connecting her to them was severed.

Either way, these were thoughts Kyle knew he didn't have the luxury to doubt right now.

He had a much bigger plan, and once again, if he truly wished to conquer Hollywood, there was no doubt he would need to tame the dark world beneath it because Kyle was aware that not everything was as it seemed.

Actors, actresses, and artists have all been caught in controversial situations that were far from legal or even had backing from some of the more renowned criminals in the world.

It was no secret you couldn't separate the two worlds, and Kyle was about to take it by the horns.

Nakamura was proof that, right from the start, he caught the attention of the wrong people, and finding out his family belonged to the Yakuza was something he could never have guessed.

There were multiple routes in front of him right now that he could take, but he knew one evil would always replace the other.

There was no escaping that aspect, as evil could never be extinguished, and this was why he was sure he couldn't topple the underworld alone.

He needed allies, and there was no doubt Marcello was about to make moves that would not only grant him more power, but also increase his influence.

So if he did manage to take his life as Cleopatra suggested, Kyle knew he needed to have one or more of the families on his side to increase the probability of success.

But to do that, he needed to establish contact with them, and that person would be promised Marcello's position.

Another possibility was setting up Priscilla for yet another big arrest, but this would inadvertently put a target on her back, as there was no way there wouldn't be any retaliation.

But once again, having a person within the Mafia who he could turn could prove invaluable.

Kyle trusted Priscilla's capabilities, but this might be a grade above it because the case with the judge involved him heavily to increase the success rate.

Kyle took a sip from the beverage in front of him, but this was one of the things bothering him.

However, the movie waiting to be unveiled in numerous cinemas around the world was very important.

Kyle knew he could put a 50% deduction in those cinemas and cover up the losses with money straight out of his pocket.

However, he knew this would be unorthodox and undermine the overall success of the movie.

The same way Disney was once rumoured to buy out a cinema due to poor showing—this gave the illusion of success, and Kyle didn't want that kind of stigma.

He already had plans to cast Calista in a movie, and their personal relationship wouldn't impact this, as she had become the face of the agency whether he liked it or not.

Kyle knew the rumours were flying around, but even though he didn't trust Calista, he had already seen the man the rumour was about.

They didn't have that dynamic, or he would have sensed it; the fact she didn't bother hiding him from him gave her credibility.

Calista wasn't an ugly girl, and there was no doubt her beauty had exposed her to men far more attractive than him, but her body count showed she didn't just jump into bed with anyone.

Kyle knew this was a paparazzi stunt, but there was no harm in associating Calista with Lorenzo because it would take her out of the line of fire.

He noticed he had received a message from her, but Calista was having the time of her life, so there was no need for their relationship to limit that.

[[Calista Wave, don't worry about anything… I understand everything. Of course, Lorenzo can't match my charisma, but I need you to run with it for now. It will all make sense, trust me.]]

Kyle reassured her through a text message after seeing she had sent two messages and one more, which she deleted.

He understood why she would be worried, because Kyle had rules in place, but he needed her to be reassured as this wouldn't be what would put a wedge in their relationship.

Kyle saw it had been a while since she had sent the message, but this didn't stop her from responding right away.

She sent an attachment with a thumbs-up and the biggest smile on her face.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 318 - 318: Signs Of The End?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle cleared the air with Calista, and this gave her reassurance, reminding her of her place by his side. But to him, she was also the perfect cover he needed at this time.

He knew he had to be careful, as things were taking a turn for the worse—there was no going back. Death could come for him at any moment, and the rebate system wouldn't save him. That was why Kyle opened his phone, determined to digest anything on the internet that could potentially be of use.

Fighting techniques, shooting ranges, dexterity with all types of weapons—including kenjutsu. Kyle wasn't taking any chances. There was nothing he couldn't learn, so why not learn everything? He had to be ready for the worst-case scenario. Yet, there was one thing missing in all of this: the uncertainty of what kind of damage the families could inflict.

He had to prevent things from escalating, because it wasn't the rich who would suffer the effects of this war—it would be the poor. And that was something Kyle wasn't going to let happen. If anyone could do something about it, it was him.

However, his phone buzzed shortly after, and the message was from the same unknown number that had been watching him.

"Cleopatra?" Kyle muttered under his breath, though he had no reason to respond. He had to be careful. Cleopatra had been watching him for reasons he could only attribute to being used as a sword to cut down Marcello.

If that was the case, then replying might actually be in his best interest. But he didn't have time to respond—or rather, he couldn't. It was a private number. Yet, he didn't need to. The phone buzzed again, and this time the message was brutally clear.

[[They know.]]

Kyle's heart dropped the moment he read it. He understood exactly what that meant. He had seen how they dealt with betrayal before—dismembered bodies, body parts distributed across cities like they were cargo. If this was true, there was no telling what they'd do, even though Kyle had already moved Cassandra and Jane out of harm's way.

He had to cut ties with everyone temporarily, because this was the worst-case scenario. And even then, there was no guarantee it would be enough. He had no idea how much these people knew about him, or how far their reach extended. Still, Kyle had already told Alfredo about the mole. That should buy him some time, because there was no way they wouldn't want to know what he knew.

Kyle was certain of one thing—he was going to live. If they knew about his association with Cleopatra, it was only a matter of time before the noose tightened. Kyle thought about calling Priscilla, but it became painfully clear—he couldn't do this alone.

He drove around the city to clear his head. There was one thing he couldn't deny: he was scared out of his mind. Death had always been a theoretical possibility, something he toyed with in thought, but now… it suddenly became very real.

Kyle couldn't afford to lose this fight. It wouldn't just be him who suffered—it would ripple across everyone he cared about. His anchors to this wretched world could be dragged into danger, and that didn't sit well with him. Still, his objective hadn't changed. And there was one man who could help him.

Nakamura.

Kyle didn't know much about him, but he did know one thing: there was no profit for Nakamura if a war broke out.

"They really tried to kill her?" Nakamura muttered under his breath, fingers tracing the rim of his glass. He was alone, but there was something different about him. The look on his face wasn't serious at all—it was amused.

Cleopatra was not the kind of woman you failed to kill. If they wanted her dead, there would be no second chance. And yet, they had missed. A mistake they would pay for, because Cleopatra would bite back twice as hard.

Her reach extended both on the surface and in the underground, and the proof of that was obvious—the politician currently trying to butter her up, hoping she'd support his campaign.

Nakamura's phone rang. An unsaved number flashed across the screen, but when he picked up, there was a flicker of familiarity in his gaze. He didn't speak for a long while, listening intently to the person on the other end. Then, slowly, his lips curved into a smile.

"Is that so?" Nakamura asked, the words more rhetorical than genuine. Whoever was on the other end had just told him exactly what he wanted to hear. The conversation ended shortly after.

Yuki entered the room, catching the strange shift in Nakamura's demeanor. She didn't press him on it, instead coming forward to announce he had a visitor. Nakamura wasn't expecting anyone, but the name she mentioned piqued his interest.

And in walked Kyle. One glance was enough for Nakamura to know something was wrong.

"Did something happen?" Nakamura asked, his sharp eyes narrowing.

Kyle's gaze flickered briefly toward Yuki. She could tell instantly—this wasn't the same man she had met before. The air around him was terrifying, oppressive. Nakamura gestured for her to leave, and Yuki complied.

He could feel it. Kyle was unsettled, desperate. Whatever brought him here had to be of utmost importance.

Kyle approached, standing before Nakamura. He knew he had to tell him everything—or at least enough. Kyle needed someone he could trust with this information, and the only person that came to mind was Nakamura.

But he didn't tell the whole truth. Instead, Kyle delivered an edited version of events. The bottom line was simple: his life was in danger, and he needed Nakamura's help.

"I have one condition…" Nakamura said at last. Kyle's brow furrowed. This man in front of him was one of the most dangerous unknown variables he had ever dealt with.

"What is it?" Kyle asked.

But Nakamura only shook his head.

"I'll tell you when the time comes. Just know—you'll owe me one."

Kyle hated to admit it, but he was desperate. He didn't have much of a choice.

"You have a deal." Kyle accepted his offer but something told him he just made a deal with the devil.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 319 - 319: Nakamura's Ultimatum!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was desperate, and Nakamura's help was enlisted. He had no idea how things would turn out, but now it was all about survival.

He could no longer afford to take risks. This had to end as soon as possible, because Kyle knew Cleopatra wouldn't joke around with something like this.

If the Mafia found out, it would only be a matter of time before the man named Marcello made his move.

Alfredo might have been his link to Marcello's ears, but Kyle couldn't figure out why Nakamura was so willing to help him. If he had really stepped on the Mafia's toes, it would drag him straight into the center of it all, and Kyle couldn't see it ending well—especially since he had no idea how Nakamura even intended to help him.

After excusing himself, Nakamura left. Kyle remained in his office like a lost puppy, unable to leave even if he wanted to.

What Kyle didn't know was that Cleopatra had already been attacked, and Nakamura deliberately kept this from him. He was clearly leveraging information for a more favorable outcome.

When Nakamura finally returned, he looked like he had just come off a phone call tied to the situation. Kyle had already confessed that the Mafia might be coming after him—and the people he cared about—because he'd interacted with someone he shouldn't have. Nakamura knew exactly who Kyle was referring to, but he pretended otherwise. It wasn't in his interest to reveal more than necessary.

"Is everything okay?" Kyle asked cautiously.

Nakamura nodded with a broad smile. "Everything is alright."

Kyle's shoulders tensed. This was the first time Nakamura had seen him so rattled, but who could blame him? The Mafia was nothing to underestimate. Perhaps that was why Nakamura seemed almost eager to offer him a hand through the storm.

"The goal is to kill Marcello, isn't it?" Nakamura asked casually, as if the matter were nothing special.

"Yes, that's correct but… I'm no killer," Kyle admitted out loud. He needed to say it—to convince himself of it—because he knew the path ahead demanded otherwise.

"Is that so? Do you think I am?" Nakamura countered smoothly.

Kyle quickly shook his head. "No, that isn't what I mean—"

Nakamura only laughed. "You're so serious. I've never seen you this rattled."

But his calmness unsettled Kyle. Why was Nakamura so unfazed? Was it because the situation didn't directly involve him?

"Well, I don't exactly have two lives now, do I? Because it looks like this one might already be forfeit," Kyle muttered bitterly.

"What were you thinking, getting involved with the Mafia?" Nakamura questioned, his tone sharp.

"I had no choice," Kyle said truthfully. Turning them down hadn't been an option. Who knew what kind of future awaited him if he refused? That was the reality he had been forced into.

The only reason Kyle had walked out of that building alive was because he'd shown interest in their proposition. The fact they knew about Clarence's death proved they'd done their homework on him. Refusal could have easily made him their next target, especially since they had already marked his rising Agency as an outlet for their operations.

"That's what everyone says," Nakamura fired back, "but is that always the truth?"

Kyle frowned. "What are you talking about?"

"You had a choice. You just couldn't stomach the consequences of the right one," Nakamura said flatly, reminding Kyle he wasn't a victim. He had chosen this path.

"You're right," Kyle admitted, "but that doesn't change what needs to be done."

"Well, you cannot kill Marcello if he's the man you've described," Nakamura said matter-of-factly.

"Why not?" Kyle asked.

"Because if you kill him, someone else will just take his place. Then they'll come after you—and everyone you care about."

Kyle opened his mouth, but Nakamura continued before he could reply.

"Unless… he has a family member you can leverage."

Kyle immediately remembered the girl who had once tried to get him killed. "He has a daughter."

Nakamura's eyes lit up as he nodded approvingly. "There's your answer. You need to get your hands on the daughter."

Kyle grimaced. He had no idea how he was supposed to pull that off. She had already shown signs of being a nightmare to deal with. She wouldn't go quietly, and the situation could escalate in a hundred different ways. Before he could say anything, Nakamura slid something across the table.

Kyle picked it up—it was a card. A picture of the girl, with an address scrawled underneath.

"What the hell? You already knew!" Kyle exclaimed.

Nakamura only smiled. "Of course I did. You need to know your enemies like the back of your hand. So? Can you get your hands on her? If you can, you won't have to worry about anything else."

"I… can try," Kyle said reluctantly. He had the charm, the charisma, the looks that could sway almost any woman—but this wasn't some parlor trick. Not every woman was susceptible. And she would definitely be protected. It wouldn't be a walk in the park, but right now, it was his best option.

Kyle had no idea what Nakamura's real plan was, and maybe it was better that way. Knowing might only sway how far he was willing to go to protect the people he loved.

At the very least, he had a direction now. It would be foolish to think he could learn this lifestyle from books or online guides—experience was the only teacher. Nakamura, however, had favors he could call in at any time, and Kyle knew he wouldn't be able to refuse.

"I need certainty, Kyle. Anything but a yes is a waste of my time," Nakamura said, his demeanor shifting.

Kyle thought he understood the man in front of him, but realized then that not everyone needed acting skills—the change in the air around Nakamura was enough.

"I'll do it," Kyle agreed, ending their meeting. He had an address now, but Marcello was clever. His daughter wasn't in America.

"I guess I'm going to England," Kyle muttered under his breath.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 320 - 320: The Cracks...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Cleopatra had returned to her mansion, one of the many owned by her family, yet for someone who had nearly lost her life, she appeared unnervingly calm.

Such composure wasn't normal, but it revealed the kind of woman she truly was.

Three men stood before her. Not just any men—supermodel-tier men, their chiseled physiques bare for her viewing. They were stark naked, and Cleopatra regarded them with nothing more than a glass of wine in hand.

To her, they were no more than an exhibition, beautiful ornaments on display. They would never be granted the honor of touching her.

Her thoughts, however, were elsewhere.

If Kyle could make such bold moves, then what of Marcello? He was a man with the power to unite people, but his rise had been marred by betrayal and blood. Because of that, there would always be those within his own ranks who despised him.

Who could resist the temptation of power? Cleopatra was no fool. She knew exactly what had to be done.

The reason behind her eerie calm would soon be revealed. For now, the men stood like dolls awaiting her admiration.

Who was she to ignore God's craftsmanship? Their sculpted bodies were the finest examples of physical beauty, art in living form.

It was all a power play.

Then, the doorbell rang, its echo traveling through the massive estate.

The guard on intercom quickly relayed the name of the visitor.

Cleopatra didn't look displeased at the mention. If anything, she seemed expectant.

Setting her empty glass aside, she gave the order to let her guest in.

Kyle could never take Marcello's head—not yet. The truth was, even Cleopatra herself couldn't reach him. Marcello was too careful, too thorough in covering his tracks. He only appeared when he wanted to, and attacking him during a family gathering would be nothing short of suicide.

The door creaked open, and in stepped the guest Cleopatra had been waiting for.

Something about her felt familiar.

"Welcome, Madame," Cleopatra greeted smoothly.

The woman who entered was none other than Isabeau, head of the Delacroix family.

"Cleopatra, I see you've gone through lengths to make sure I'm entertained," Isabeau murmured, her eyes already fixed on the naked men arranged before her.

She liked what she saw. Which made it clear—this wasn't about Cleopatra. The performance was for Isabeau.

"You know me too well," Cleopatra replied. But she noticed Isabeau's gaze shift toward the estate's fortified perimeter. Security had been tightened.

"It seems you've finally considered my proposal," Isabeau said, snapping her fingers. At the cue, the men encircled her like living statues.

"Marcello came after my head," Cleopatra stated with a weary sigh.

"I told you it was only a matter of time. I even gave you the warning, did I not?" Isabeau reminded her, voice sharp. Isabeau relationship with Cleopatra was wildly unknown as there was no telling how they met each other in the first place.

She had indeed. Marcello was moving toward something drastic, though he had no idea that Cleopatra and Isabeau were tied together.

It was Cleopatra who had helped Isabeau ascend to her position, and for that reason, Isabeau's loyalty had always belonged to her.

"You did warn me, but I didn't expect Marcello to act so foolishly. Now, I'll have to kill him," Cleopatra declared, as if it were the simplest task in the world. She watched carefully for Isabeau's reaction.

"I cannot allow that," Isabeau objected instantly.

"Oh? Then I'll just kill you along with him if you stand in my way." Cleopatra's lips curled as she sipped her wine. She had no problem getting rid of this woman as she would just be an unfortunate casualty of war, no hard feelings.

"He is my boss. I'm bound to him. You know this," Isabeau countered—but then hesitated.

The naked men exchanged wary glances, silently questioning if they should even be hearing such words.

"But…" Isabeau finally added. That hesitation alone spoke volumes. She had warned Cleopatra in advance, despite knowing the risk. Her loyalty to Marcello wasn't as unshakable as she believed.

At the end of the day, she had ambitions of her own and the direction Marcello was taking the Mafia wasn't one she agreed with.

"Now that," Cleopatra said with a grin, "is what I wanted to hear."

Nakamura sat in his office, left to his thoughts after Kyle's departure. The smile tugging at his lips made it clear: nothing good was on his mind.

This wasn't new territory. Though he no longer bore his family's banner, Nakamura's Yakuza roots meant he understood the underworld better than most.

He wasn't stupid. He knew exactly why he had sent Kyle after Marcello's daughter.

Not only was it to remove Kyle from the immediate equation, but also to protect him from the storm brewing ahead.

If Marcello learned that his daughter's location had been leaked, there was no doubt he'd send his most trusted men overseas to England to guard her. He already had watchful eyes around her, but this was different. This was war.

The idea was to reduce the men around him that he could trust, making it easier for the sword of the traitor to reach his neck.

Marcello had gone to great lengths to keep her true location hidden—even from the other family heads.

The twisted part? The girl seen at his side wasn't even her. It was a body double, a decoy used to fool anyone watching too closely as Marcello couldn't have that.

But Nakamura had pieced it together. He always studied potential threats thoroughly.

And unbeknownst to Kyle, the woman who had tried to orchestrate his death wasn't Marcello's daughter at all. She was the double.

The real daughter had never laid eyes on Kyle, and now he was walking straight into her world with the wrong impression.

Nakamura knew this truth. He simply chose to keep it to himself.

After all, if Kyle learned it now, his judgment might falter—and Nakamura couldn't allow that.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 321 - 321: Sokolov Bratva Family.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Everything was moving at an astonishing pace and Nakamura had entered the fray, yet there was no telling what his influence would ultimately bring.

Whether it would be negative or not remained uncertain, but what was certain was that Kyle was being manipulated by him—otherwise, Nakamura would have already provided the one piece of information that could change everything.

Although, it could also be said that Kyle was playing the same game as Nakamura, but the difference was clear—Nakamura was simply playing it better.

Kyle was in unfamiliar territory, up against a seasoned veteran who could now manipulate him into doing his dirty work without him even realizing it. It would be stupid of him to think he had Nakamura beat when it came to wits.

He left the office but found everything about this situation strange; Nakamura had been far too prepared for someone supposedly hearing about this for the first time.

There had to be something he was withholding, and Kyle had the gut feeling things weren't as black and white as they appeared.

He hated working with Nakamura in this capacity, but he didn't have much of a choice. Still, he resolved to do his own research.

Kyle presented the idea of a mole to Alfredo, and ironically, this might just be the truth—with one family leader secretly in cohorts with Cleopatra.

Shortly after, Kyle received a text from Alfredo. It was nothing but an address. Kyle raised a suspicious brow; if they were monitoring him, there was a good chance they already knew about his meeting with Nakamura.

But Kyle doubted that was the case here. He had made sure to cover every potential track they could follow.

After the attempt on his life, he had learned that lesson the hard way. Kyle made sure nothing could lead back to him.

He looked up the address sent to him, and it was in a location he wasn't familiar with, prompting him to think twice about showing up.

"Fuck, Kyle, what have you gotten yourself into?" he muttered under his breath. Still, not going would raise even more suspicion.

He was working for them after all, and he had no reason to decline a meeting with the very people he was serving.

Hopefully, this was about the information he had passed to Alfredo, who would have relayed it to the Don.

—

It took a little over thirty minutes for Kyle to arrive at his destination, and the entire area was unsettlingly quiet.

This time it was another expensive hotel, a high-rise penthouse, and Kyle instantly knew that whatever awaited him inside this building would ultimately decide his fate.

He didn't want to make the trip to England, but if push came to shove, he would. Still, this meeting would determine exactly where he stood with the Mafia.

He scanned the area thoroughly, taking note of every possible exit route he could use if things went wrong. In his line of work, that single precaution could be the difference between life and death.

Kyle gulped when Alfredo appeared from the building with a cigarette in hand, his eyes searching the surroundings as if looking for someone.

His gaze eventually settled on Kyle, and his neutral expression shifted into a bright smile.

"I'm glad you could make it," Alfredo said. Kyle had come without questions, and that alone showed a certain level of trust.

"It could be important," Kyle responded, trying his best to downplay the tension in the air.

"You're right, and you won't regret it. Follow me," Alfredo instructed.

Alfredo spoke to Kyle with an unusual level of respect, and it was evident in his tone despite Kyle technically being beneath him in the drug distribution chain.

He led Kyle into the penthouse, the elevator rising to a floor that shouldn't have existed.

"It looks like he told them," Kyle thought. There was no way just anyone was staying in such a place.

The elevator doors slid open, and the bloodlust pouring out from the room was unlike anything Kyle had ever felt before.

His throat went dry, and his body screamed at him to run, but his mind wouldn't allow it. He had no choice but to face whatever was inside.

"It is fine, go on," Alfredo urged him, noticing the unease as Kyle's mask slipped for a brief second.

"I know," Kyle muttered before stepping forward—and then the worst happened.

Before him stood the cruelest of the family, Viktor.

Kyle had expected Alfredo to take this to Marcello. It was Marcello he had wanted to see, not this man.

His eyes darted to the side, and he realized he was alone. Alfredo had already stepped out, the elevator doors closing behind him.

"Huh?" Kyle thought, stunned, as Viktor's piercing gaze locked onto him.

"Tell me, friend, have you heard of the Sokolov Bratva family?" Viktor began, his heavy accent unmistakably Russian.

Kyle wasn't even sure if he was allowed to speak, but he answered truthfully, his eyes subconsciously scanning the room for anything he could use to defend himself.

"Sokolov? I haven't, I'm afraid," he confessed.

"Come here, friend. Have a sit," Viktor offered, showing a strange level of hospitality. But why was his bloodlust so loud?

"It must be a test," Kyle thought. If he belonged to this world, bloodlust shouldn't be enough to startle him. This was a mental thing and Kyle wore the face of a killer at that moment, unfazed.

He had to hold firm. Luckily, his skill allowed him to instantly learn and replicate what he saw, but this was new ground. He didn't know if he could do this with bloodlust, and worse—if he did, Viktor might see it as a direct threat.

Before his mind could spiral further, Viktor broke the silence.

"This mole… tell me more about it," he asked, and in that moment Kyle knew—he had finally found his way into the heads of the family.

This was a big step in the right direction because the idea of a mole had taken root.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 322 - 322: Viktor Snaps!?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Everything was unfolding far too quickly, but Kyle was equal to the task because the more he spoke with this man, the more agitated he became.

Kyle was worried, and with good reason—this was the real deal. This man was more intimidating than even Marcello but Kyle knew too little about Marcello to make this assessment.

Yet, the way he spoke carried a casual tone, as if they had been friends for quite some time. Kyle expected cruelty, vulgarity, and a sharper edge to his words. But instead, there was restraint, which only made Kyle wonder if this calm demeanor was nothing but a façade. After all, there was no such thing as a good Mafia.

This wasn't some video game. This was real life, and Kyle knew one wrong move was all it would take.

Viktor didn't waste time. He went straight to the point, asking if there was truly a mole. That simple question told Kyle everything—Alfredo reported directly to this man.

"That is right, I have strong beliefs there is a mole," Kyle replied. If this played out properly, he wouldn't need Nakamura's help.

The truth was, Kyle didn't dislike the daughter enough to kidnap her and hand her over for whatever Nakamura had in mind. That would only end in bloodshed.

"Beliefs don't make truth, my friend. You need proof."

Viktor's response struck hard. Kyle had no evidence—nothing but suspicions.

"I do," Kyle said after a brief pause. He had to choose his next words carefully.

"I have news about someone called Cleopatra."

The moment that name left his mouth, Viktor's entire demeanor shifted.

"How do you know that name?" Viktor questioned, his voice carrying a weight that pressed down on Kyle. To Viktor, Kyle was nothing more than an entertainment figure who had gotten his hands dirty.

Kyle, however, couldn't help but wonder—if Cleopatra was so wanted, then how was she able to casually attend the party where he had met her? Did these people not connect her identity? Or were there two separate personas at play?

Whatever the truth, Kyle realized he had just gained leverage. And he had no intention of holding back.

"I don't know if I can trust you," Kyle responded. But saying her name had already lit the fuse.

"Oh, friend… I will have you talking one way or another," Viktor said, and in that moment, Kyle knew persuasion was pointless.

Viktor lunged. Kyle's reflexes saved him, escaping by a hair's breadth.

"You're fast…" Viktor muttered, almost impressed. Kyle, however, knew that if guards were called in, things would turn deadly.

"H-Hey, I don't want trouble," Kyle said quickly.

"You speak of mole… but what if you are the mole?" Viktor blurted, and Kyle realized too late just how badly this could backfire.

His reasoning made sense, and Kyle cursed himself for underestimating how dangerous Cleopatra's name was to utter so casually.

Viktor lunged again—faster this time. Kyle's eyes widened; the speed was different, sharper, harder to counter. In the blink of an eye, Viktor's hand wrapped around his neck.

The pressure was suffocating. Kyle was shocked at his strength; it felt like Viktor could snap his neck with a single constriction. He tried brute force but quickly realized it was useless. Instead, he relied on one of the many disarming skills he had consumed—and managed to break free.

But before he could even take a breath, Viktor appeared before him again and slammed a fist straight into his torso.

"H-He's fast!" Kyle thought, his vision flashing white for a second from the impact. His improved physique saved him, allowing him to recover quickly.

He couldn't go on the offensive. Doing so might mean his death.

"Stop it!" Kyle shouted, desperately trying to deescalate the fight. But Viktor wasn't listening.

Then, as if nothing had happened, Viktor suddenly stopped. He casually strolled to the table, grabbed the glass of wine, and lifted it.

"You cannot waste good vodka," Viktor said, downing the entire cup in one gulp.

Kyle was dumbfounded. How could someone that big move with such speed? It was becoming clear—this man wasn't just dangerous, he was experienced. He was used to combat. And even with the countless skills Kyle had consumed, keeping up with him was nearly impossible.

The system allowed Kyle to learn skills, but he was beginning to understand the limitations. He couldn't use multiple at once. Switching between them created delays—and against an opponent like this, not every skill worked.

Viktor's primary style was grappling, yet his form carried the stance of a boxer. That mix caught Kyle completely off guard.

"You want, friend?" Viktor offered, holding out a drink like he hadn't just tried to kill him.

Kyle was baffled by the abnormal behavior. But he wasn't going to argue.

"S-Sure…" he replied, though his mind screamed suspicion. Was the drink spiked?

Meanwhile, Cleopatra had finished her conversation with Isabeau, though no one knew exactly what the two women had agreed upon. One thing was certain—Cleopatra wasn't backing down. A war was coming, and Isabeau would have to choose her side.

Isabeau owed Cleopatra more than anyone realized. Cleopatra had helped her rise, becoming the head of a family she wasn't even born into. She had been a recent recruit when the previous Don's son—the man she was meant to marry—died shortly after Marcello's war.

That groom-to-be, the family's future head, had died under mysterious circumstances upon arriving in the United States. He and his wife had come to swear loyalty to Marcello, but mere minutes after landing, an assassin's bullet ended his life. Isabeau had been hit as well, but unlike her husband, the wound wasn't fatal.

Her husband had been killed instantly, a bullet straight to the head. But through resilience and sheer willpower, Isabeau endured what should have broken her. Instead, she took the reins of the family, proving her strength.

A role that would have crushed most women became her weapon. And through it, she earned the loyalty of a family that should have rejected her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 323 - 323: A Story Left Untold.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Marcello was worried with the way things were unfolding, but nothing was getting in the way of his goals. He needed the other bosses to yield, because he was determined to use the same system he had used to overrun the Mafia with these men. They were absorbed into his cell and given a percentage, mostly keeping the same level of income thanks to the expanded mode of operation.

He knew he couldn't take away the source of their income and this was why he planned to leave it under their management except they now had access to routes owned by the Mafia, making it possible to ship even more products but at a percentage.

But pride and ego wouldn't let them see straight, especially after that little game they pulled by trying to kill one of their own.

The girl, who was his daughter, walked into the room and sat on the chair. She removed the wig from her head, smudging the light makeup on her face. What appeared was nothing like the girl she had been portraying, because her smooth, youthful skin revealed faint wrinkles on her forehead. This was no girl—it was a woman well into adulthood. And it was clear this wasn't the same person beneath the disguise.

"Why did you take it off?" Marcello asked, but the lady wasn't concerned by his question. She was an actress, paid good money to play this role, and the money was life-changing even if it carried risk.

"I'm allowed to take breaks. I can't have makeup on 24/7 or I'll get a skin breakout," the lady fired back. She was exhausted, and rightfully so. She didn't even know why she was doing this in the first place, but the paycheck was big enough to keep her mouth shut.

The way she spoke, it sounded like she didn't know who she was addressing, and maybe she truly didn't. Marcello had never told her what his occupation was or how it was done. He had only given her the character traits and left her free to express them, as long as she followed the established rules.

"Are you okay? You look stressed," the lady said. Who could blame him, considering everything that had happened?

"I'm okay. Just put your makeup back on," Marcello muttered under his breath, like he was ashamed to look at her real face.

"Why? Does my face scare you?" the lady asked, but Marcello stayed quiet for a solid second.

"Olivia, put on your makeup. I won't repeat myself." Marcello's voice was stern, and Olivia had no choice but to comply. He was the one signing her checks, and the last thing she wanted was for her employer to get mad at her—he could easily replace her with another actress.

This confirmed what Nakamura had said, but it was also clever on Marcello's part. By keeping Olivia around, he could give the illusion of proximity. He showered her with the affection he would have given his real child, which only reinforced the illusion further. Everyone around him believed this was his daughter, as they had no reason to doubt it.

Olivia reapplied her makeup with impressive speed, like it was her natural talent. Marcello watched closely, and the relief on his face returned the moment his "daughter" reappeared.

"Happy now?" Olivia asked, and Marcello's eyes softened.

"My sweet daughter…" Marcello whispered.

"He really takes this way too seriously," Olivia thought to herself, but this was easy money. If she could keep this role, she might never have to appear on the big screen to make a living. This was more than enough, and she wasn't about to ruin it.

"Father, are we going to do something about that man?" Olivia asked, deciding to stay in character.

"The man is needed. I cannot do anything reckless, because he might be the key to all of this," Marcello said, as if he truly didn't realize Olivia was standing in front of him. He had replaced his daughter with this woman, and it felt like more than acting.

"Can I have him then?" Olivia questioned. Marcello froze for a moment, unsure how to respond.

"What are you talking about?" Marcello asked sternly.

"I'm a woman, father," Olivia replied, pushing her character while also pressing his buttons.

Marcello was silent, thinking it over. Olivia found it amusing how seriously he took all this. First Viktor had attacked Kyle out of nowhere, and now Marcello was talking to this woman like she was his real daughter—even though his daughter was still alive.

It would be understandable if she were dead, a coping mechanism. But she was alive, in another country. Did Marcello not know this? Or did he choose not to?

There were too many pieces that seemed connected, yet at the same time remained disconnected.

"I've never thought about that," Marcello said after a pause. He knew she would eventually need to have a relationship if she was going to have children.

Olivia was stunned, but her concern grew as she realized he was taking the idea seriously. She was about to break character and tell him she was only joking, but Marcello spoke first.

"Okay then. I'll arrange it," Marcello said.

Olivia went speechless. Something was clearly wrong with this man.

"What the fuck have you gotten yourself into, Olivia?" she thought to herself.

-

Nakamura tapped the table, staring at the picture of Marcello's daughter. His eyes held no emotion. Nakamura was cold, and this was the life he had been cursed with, even if he wanted no part in it. He couldn't outrun the Yakuza or the ties he had with them.

He had done questionable things in the past, but Nakamura had never taken a life—at least not with his own hands. There had been a time when he was younger, more reckless, willing to bite the hand that fed him. Choices from that era tied him to a dark past, the very past that connected him to Marcello.

Seventeen years ago, Nakamura had been given a task by his father. A final act, one that could sever his bonds with the Yakuza. Nakamura had been skeptical. He knew what kind of man his father was, but this was the only way to gain his freedom.

He wanted no part in that life, despite being raised in it. He was willing to do anything to separate himself from that world. His father sponsored his trip to America and gave him start-up money to pursue whatever he wanted. But it came with a condition: Nakamura had to take a life.

He had never done that before, but this was the release clause. If he didn't take this one life, he would be forced to take many more in the future. And the target for this assignment was none other than Marcello's four-year-old daughter.

-

Seventeen years ago, a younger Nakamura arrived in the United States, the so-called land of opportunities. He couldn't believe his father had agreed to his terms, though his father had not yet told him the details of the assignment.

Coming from a criminal family, Nakamura thought he could never live a normal life. Without his father's blessing, the enemies of his family would use him as a weapon against them.

As per his father's instructions, Nakamura spent weeks in America, adapting to the lifestyle, testing whether this was the life he truly wanted. His mind never wavered. He knew what he wanted to pursue—but the start-up capital his father had promised came with a condition.

"America is such a strange place," Nakamura muttered under his breath, noticing how different it was from Japan in culture. Yet the differences only heightened his excitement.

"I know, right? It cannot be helped," a man's voice replied, carrying a faint Italian accent.

Nakamura turned and saw a young man, very handsome, with slicked-back hair and a sharp suit that screamed wealth.

"Didn't anyone tell you it isn't polite to eavesdrop?" Nakamura asked, raising a suspicious brow.

"Hahaha! I'm sorry, it wasn't my intention. I'm Marcello," the young man said, introducing himself.

"It's fine. I was just… how you say… pulling your leg?" Nakamura answered awkwardly.

"Ha! Your English isn't half bad!" Marcello complimented, noticing from his mannerisms that Nakamura was new to the country.

Nakamura noticed he had a child in his arms and kept his voice down so he wouldn't wake her up.

"Is she yours?" Nakamura questioned. He had practiced English before coming here.

"I may not look it but I'm a father. This little angel is my creation," Marcello gushed, the look in his eyes instantly told Nakamura this child was his world.

"She is beautiful," Nakamura whispered, admiring this man's child.

Marcello smiled at him but even this coincidental meeting was predestined to happen.

Nakamura was to make contact with this man and did so without any suspicion because Marcello was a receptive man.

He inserted himself into his world, the young heir of the Vescari family even though he had no idea what his father's next and final assignment would be.

An assignment.

One that would change Nakamura forever.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 324 - 324: Nakamura And Marcello PT.1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"That was a strange man… I wonder what my father wants with him," Nakamura thought to himself. He didn't think much of it, since this wasn't the first errand his father had sent him on. They were never complicated, which was why his success rate remained at a perfect 100%.

Nakamura was glad things were going according to plan, because it was only a matter of time before his father released him into the world as a free man. He wanted to experience life—something fresh. Instead of taking lives, he wanted to create them through his movies. That was one of the things he truly wanted for himself. His father seemed supportive, or at least that was how it looked on the surface.

Nakamura didn't know any better, but he was sure things couldn't be this easy. He was prepared for a scenario that would put him in an uncomfortable spot, yet his father never gave him more than he could handle.

"I wonder if the wife is still in his life?" Nakamura mused, but that was the extent of how much Marcello occupied his mind. He knew Marcello was his target but he seemed too normal for his father to go through the lengths he did to watch over him.

He wasn't a threat whatsoever or at least, this was what Nakamura surmised.

His job was to keep watch over him. Nakamura knew Marcello was affiliated with the Mafia, even though his role was a minor one. He was the son of a Don, and while that family wasn't renowned, it didn't make them any less dangerous. Nakamura searched through the files he had, but he didn't find anything about Marcello having a family. In fact, there was little to no information about him at all, unlike the others.

The only reason Marcello even made this list was because of his ties to the Don. Otherwise, he wasn't anyone worth noticing—almost like Nakamura himself was to the Yakuza. In that sense, they were similar. Still, Nakamura could tell Marcello wasn't really about that life. A killer could always recognize another killer, and there was no way Marcello was such a good actor that he could hide it.

A week passed, and Nakamura still had no word from his father regarding his next—and final—task. He waited and waited, but nothing came, which made him question if something had happened. This was unlike his father, but he stuck to the last directive: befriend Marcello.

Nakamura studied him meticulously, though he didn't have Marcello's number. That would have made things easier, but it also would have put him directly on Marcello's radar—and given who Marcello was, that was risky.

"Papa! Look what I drew!" a child said with a bright smile, showing her father a doodle she had made.

"Wow! That is amazing, Angelica!" Marcello praised the poorly drawn picture. It didn't matter whether it looked good or not. What mattered was the love behind it.

"You're lying, Papa!" Angelica accused instantly, her eyes narrowing. Marcello chuckled at her serious little face.

"C'mon, Papa doesn't lie!" Marcello said with an exaggerated pose.

"You lie all the time, Papa," Angelica shot back with sass, rolling her eyes. She always heard him on the phone, and she wasn't wrong—Marcello lied about small things, even something as simple as his location. But those were harmless lies.

"But I cross my heart, these are the most beautiful pictures I have ever seen!" Marcello exclaimed dramatically.

Angelica squinted, studying him carefully, before finally giving in. "Fine, I believe you!" she said, then hugged him tightly. Marcello chuckled and wrapped his arms around her.

But his thoughts were elsewhere. He had a meeting to attend with his father, to discuss the recent infighting within the family. They were on the verge of splitting into two factions. Many had grown tired of the Don's passive way of doing things.

The Don believed in diplomacy, worn down from years of bloodshed. He had already lost too much—including his wife. Marcello understood, but he knew enemies had to be dealt with firmly. A Don shouldn't fear loss, as long as the family survived. Peace shouldn't be offered to a family that had crossed you. Still, the Don believed the Mafia was stronger united than divided.

Marcello, as the next heir, had been taught well by his father. He understood the heavy cost of endless conflict. But he also knew he had to act—for his daughter's future. He understood the dangers that came with this life, but he also knew that putting the family in such a fragile position might not be the way forward.

Fear was what kept people in line, and Marcello believed that was what their enemies needed to feel. The splitting faction thought the same. Neither side was entirely wrong, but Marcello was torn. He had everything to lose. He had his daughter, and she meant more to him than anything else. He couldn't put her in danger—not because of his father's choices, or those of the other faction.

When Marcello met up with his father, the resemblance between them was striking. Yet in spirit, they were so different.

"Hello, Father," Marcello greeted him, noticing they were the only two in the room. This was supposed to be a family meeting, which could only mean one thing—his father was losing the power struggle.

The Don didn't answer right away. He just stared at his son, and Marcello instantly knew what that look meant.

"We cannot, Father. Angelica would be dragged into it!" Marcello said firmly, opposing his father's idea.

"We have to, or we will lose this family," the Don replied coldly.

"I don't care about this family, I only care about Angel—!" Marcello was cut short by a loud bang on the table.

"You dare speak back to your Don!" Mr. Vescari's voice was stern and unyielding.

"Look around you, Father! There is no one left," Marcello fired back. Just like that, for the first time, he had openly opposed his father.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 325 - 325: Nakamura And Marcello PT.2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Marcello stood against his father because he understood the consequences of his father's reckless actions. It wasn't just their protection at risk—their infighting would invite other families, enemies who despised theirs, to exploit the weakness.

If things continued like this, the family would collapse. Or worse, its very core would be lost.

There would be no recovering from that and this was the last thing Marcello wanted.

He understood his father's approach to things were archaic and they needed change but Giovanni's way would turn them into nothing more than a violent gang.

Marcello knew he couldn't let that happen. He decided to confront the head of the opposing faction directly. He had to make them see reason otherwise they might as well destroy everything they had built.

The meeting was risky. The other side might use the chance to eliminate him, but Marcello banked on one thing—they needed someone directly tied to the Don to legitimize any deal. That leverage was his only shield.

Crossing his father had never once crossed his mind. Even now, he wasn't betraying him. He hated the direction things had taken and knew he had to stop it before everything boiled over.

The man agreed to meet. Marcello arranged it in one of their strongholds, a place still loyal to his father. He wasn't about to step into enemy territory, no matter how many reassurances he was given.

Would those reassurances mean anything if the meeting went sideways? Probably not.

Marcello prepared himself, planning to go alone, but ensuring there was always a way out.

Hours later, the opposing man arrived. As expected, he didn't come alone. Several faces Marcello recognized trailed behind him—men who once swore loyalty but had since defected.

Marcello's eyes hardened. If he wanted to, this man could wipe out their bloodline right here. The Don was weak, vulnerable. But Marcello wasn't doing this for himself. This was for the sake of the family.

"I'm glad you could join me, Giovanni," Marcello said, gesturing for him to sit.

The way Marcello addressed him made it clear they had once been close friends despite their age difference.

"I would have liked to meet under different circumstances…" Giovanni said, but Marcello laughed it off.

He noticed Giovanni's men had their hands resting on their guns. The restaurant was empty now, cleared out except for them and the chef.

"I came here because I heard you want to speak. Has the old man come to his senses?" Giovanni asked right away.

"We can talk business after our bellies are full," Marcello replied. "This might be the last time we eat like this, so let's enjoy it as old friends." He gestured for the waiter.

Naturally, Giovanni was suspicious. Still, he knew Marcello wouldn't have arranged this without an escape plan. The boy was young, but he wasn't naive. That's why Giovanni suspected winning him over might be the only real path forward.

If not, he wouldn't hesitate to put a bullet in his head.

"Are you scared?" Marcello grinned, staring straight into Giovanni's eyes.

"Hahaha! Scared? Why would I be scared?" Giovanni barked back, though silence followed.

"Because you're within reach of my fangs," Marcello said, mimicking a biting tiger. Giovanni chuckled.

He knew Marcello might be smart, but he lacked the brutality needed to enforce his ideals. Just like his father—passive, hesitant. That weakness was why their family was falling apart.

They ate together, spoke like old friends, but once the meal ended, they both knew it was time to get down to business.

"Now, what did you want to talk about?" Giovanni asked.

Marcello grinned. "This…"

He dropped a gun onto the table. Instantly, Giovanni's men drew their weapons and aimed at him.

Giovanni raised his hand, ordering them down. Marcello wasn't even paying them attention.

The gun was a revolver. Marcello set it down along with a single bullet.

"What are you doing?" Giovanni asked, narrowing his eyes.

"One of us walks out of here alive," Marcello said calmly. "The one who leaves this room… will have everything."

Marcello's voice didn't waver, but inside, he was petrified. This was madness—a fifty-fifty chance at survival. Yet he knew it was the quickest way to end it.

"Are you mad?" Giovanni asked, unsure if this was a game.

"I have everything to lose, Giovanni. So do you. The question is… how much do you want this?" Marcello said, picking up the bullet.

Giovanni glanced around. His men were watching closely. This was a test of his resolve. If he backed down, it would show he wasn't willing to risk his life for power.

Before he could respond, Marcello suddenly burst out laughing.

"I'm just playing," he said, and a few of Giovanni's men chuckled too.

"You still have your sense of hum—" Giovanni stopped mid-sentence. His eyes fixed on the bullet. Something was written on it.

"Is the joke over?" Giovanni asked quickly, but Marcello's expression had shifted, his eyes now cold and lifeless.

"It is," Marcello said flatly. "This bullet is for you."

On the casing, clear as day, was Giovanni's name.

"I could kill you right now," Giovanni growled, pulling his weapon.

Marcello didn't flinch. "You can? Then do it."

Giovanni drew, aimed directly at him, but didn't fire. Marcello stared him down, unshaken. He knew Giovanni could have killed him at any point. The fact he hadn't meant something.

"See? You can't. So put it away and sit down. You're in my house," Marcello ordered, his tone carrying the authority his father had lost.

The room froze. They had never seen Marcello like this before. His fury, his frustration, all laid bare. Giovanni sucked his teeth but holstered his gun and sat down.

"I have a proposal," Marcello said.

Marcello wasn't respected by the rest of the family and this was the major reason why they didn't see him as the successor to the current Don. He was far too focused on his daughter to care about anything else, that was his true family and there was no way someone with a weakness as obvious as that could lead them into the new era.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 326 - 326: Nakamura And Marcello PT.3 (I'm Enjoying Writing This Whole Mafia Arc!)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nakamura was enjoying life in America, but there was nothing stopping him from engaging in the more sinful pleasures this lifestyle provided him.

He knew his mission was to keep an eye on Marcello, but this didn't mean he shouldn't enjoy himself while he was at it.

He was aware of the infighting within the family and wondered what his father's objective was at the end of the day.

"These Americans are crazy…" Nakamura thought to himself upon watching the news.

It was like this country was a haven for crime, but this was why his father must want him here.

The Yakuza weren't as established in this country as they were in others.

This was why his father couldn't use any other person; otherwise, they would become an easy target or be recognized right away because they had distinctive tattoos.

He needed to make sure no one knew about the Yakuza's involvement in whatever it was he had planned.

He wondered if Marcello was like him. If there was anyone that could ever understand what he was going through, it would be someone like him.

There was no way he could have a normal life with the forces behind him, as this would only be a recipe for disaster.

This was what interested Nakamura—he wanted to see what kind of man Marcello was.

And if it was possible to have a family despite being in this life. But it must be possible; otherwise, he wouldn't exist.

No, what he wanted to know was if he could live a normal life despite his family ties. And if Marcello had somehow managed that, then he had to figure out how, which was why he took an extra interest in him.

Nakamura noticed he was meeting with someone of prominence, but this wasn't just anyone—it was Giovanni.

Nakamura knew he had to keep tabs on this new player, but this dispelled whatever illusion he might have had about Marcello.

There was no reason for him to be meeting the head of the splitting faction unless he wished to reunite the family or was planning to betray his father.

This would be an interesting event to watch unfold, as it would reveal the kind of man Marcello was.

But it would also give him a glimpse of how brutal the Mafia was; however, Nakamura didn't have time to dwell on his thoughts.

Why? It was because his father had reached out with a message, but it was unclear what he wanted done.

Nakamura could rule out assassination—there was no reason for his father to make him take a life on the cusp of him leaving this lifestyle behind.

It was to go to the airport and meet someone, one of the more respected members of the Yakuza.

There was only one reason for his father to be taking this route, and this meant things were about to get a lot more chaotic.

Nakamura found himself in the middle of it, but this was his final act and he would be free, so he had to suck it up.

He waited at a private airstrip, and the person he was expecting was punctual—he came at the exact time.

Nakamura greeted him and could immediately feel the intensity oozing from this well-dressed man. He was young.

However, he was missing two fingers, which begged the question of just how much of a loose cannon this man was.

The most intimidating part wasn't his missing fingers but rather his missing eye.

"You must be Nakamura. Kurayami is my name," the man spoke in perfect English, but Nakamura could instantly tell this man was dangerous.

However, he had to maintain his composure, because if he was under his father, then he must be tamed.

Nakamura's father was ruthless, and one thing kept everyone in line—that was fear.

"Welcome, Kurayami," Nakamura greeted him. But this was the assignment his father gave him—to act as a chauffeur to this younger man.

But this was the man who would ultimately shape who he would become in the future.

—

Marcello was done with the meeting and met up with his father. He was glad to be done with it, but he had conducted this meeting without his father's knowledge.

He understood his father might not like his actions, but it was already out of character for him to get this involved.

"Father, I have met with Giovanni," Marcello told his father outright. There was no hint of fear in his voice.

"You did what?" The Don was furious at the fact he had done so behind his back.

There were so many things Giovanni could have done to him, and that would make the Don look even weaker.

"Spare me your rage, father…" Marcello instantly dismissed him, because this wasn't a man in his prime anymore.

He was a man who couldn't even keep the family together, and he tried to regain the little control he still had over his son.

The Don realized it wasn't his son he was talking to anymore—this was the man who saw a different future for the family.

He listened to everything Marcello had discussed with Giovanni, partly surprised that Giovanni had agreed to his terms.

But this was all too easy—it felt like a setup. But Marcello had demanded one thing of his father.

"Father, from this day onward, you will step down as the Don," Marcello demanded, and this shocked his father, as Marcello had made it clear he only cared about his daughter.

"... And who will take the helm?" The Don was surprisingly calm.

"I will, and Giovanni has agreed to accept me as the new Don," Marcello informed his father.

Giovanni was a man who believed in strength. He might be the one responsible for the uprising, but he wasn't a man to give his word lightly.

The Don's incompetence was what forced Marcello's hand—he had to keep the family together to keep his daughter safe.

However, there was one person who couldn't let this happen.

His name was Satoshi Nakamura.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 327 - 327: Nakmaura And Marcello PT.4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kurayami was a dangerous man—everything one would expect from a member of the Yakuza—forcing Nakamura to always remain on his toes.

He had to or his actions had the chance of ruining the life he wanted to start here.

After all, Kurayami could just flee to Japan but Nakamura didn't have that opportunity.

The truth was that Kurayami, despite his rugged appearance, was a handsome man, and this naturally drew stares from both men and women alike. He didn't speak much, rarely indulged in western culture, and seemed focused entirely on his mission. What that mission was, however, Nakamura had no idea.

For the next few days, Nakamura quietly watched him, studying his every move, though Kurayami remained secretive.

"Kurayami-san, tell me about yourself?" Nakamura asked, leveraging his position as the Yakuza boss's son. Kurayami would be obligated to answer him, considering Nakamura could very well be the next Oyabun should his father pass away—or simply change his mind.

"I have nothing to tell you about…" Kurayami replied bluntly. There was no malice in his voice, only a chilling indifference.

His eyes carried a blank stare. It was as though nothing existed behind them, but perhaps that emptiness was the result of the lives he had taken.

Nakamura knew immediately—this was going to be a hit. Kurayami belonged to one of the deadliest hit squads under his father's command. And the target… it had to be Marcello. That was the reason his father asked him to keep an eye on the young man.

And since the father didn't trust him enough to take a life, then there was no reason to have him pull the trigger because the chances that he would fail was exponentially high.

This wasn't some random man on the street, this was one of the most dangerous men in America.

Nakamura didn't feel much one way or the other, but he pitied Angelica. Losing Marcello would certainly affect the way she grew up. Then again, she had money and wealth—she would be fine in the world, at least from his perspective. Parental love was overrated in his eyes, shaped by his own experience. His father, after all, had always taken things too far.

"I see… let me rephrase my question. Who are you here to kill?" Nakamura pressed.

Kurayami finally looked up at him. A creepy smile twisted across his face.

"My target," he answered with the emptiness in his eyes evident.

The words rolled off his tongue with a sick sort of pleasure, as if he was already aroused by the thought of taking a life before he had even done it.

Shivers crawled down Nakamura's spine. How could someone be this twisted? What kind of experiences shaped a man into something so utterly detached from empathy?

Being a killer didn't necessarily mean one couldn't feel, yet Kurayami had become nothing more than a machine for death. His conditioning had pushed him beyond moral boundaries, beyond humanity.

Nakamura realized quickly—it was best not to pry further. His father had hidden things from him for a reason.

The Mafia was on the verge of becoming whole once again. The once fractured family was regaining strength, and the man leading the charge was Marcello. Stopping this reunion meant killing him, and Kurayami was without doubt the one chosen to do it.

Kurayami glanced at his phone, stood up, and—

—

The family meeting was underway, with both the Don and Giovanni present. The atmosphere carried a sense of tense formality, yet it was moving smoothly, much to the Don's pride.

He had always wanted Marcello to succeed him. But ever since his wife's death, Marcello had devoted his attention almost entirely to his daughter, who was the spitting image of her mother.

The Don understood. He, too, had once been consumed by grief. He was a cruel reminder of what a man could become if he allowed loss to define him. Marcello had sworn not to become his father, yet he would still do whatever it took to secure a future for his daughter.

Perhaps, Marcello thought, that was exactly what his father had done for him.

Giovanni had arrived with his entire family, and Marcello's father had done the same. If violence broke out here and now, Giovanni's side would easily win.

Still, Marcello carried himself with composure. He was the mediator today, and the formal announcement of his succession was expected.

An hour passed. The tension between Giovanni and Marcello's father had softened.

"I didn't think a resolution was possible, but you've managed it, Marcello," Giovanni said, offering him a compliment. For years, he had seen Marcello as nothing more than a boy. This shift was monumental.

The Don stood, pride radiating from him, and raised his glass for a toast. After this moment, Marcello would officially become the new Don.

But then the father stumbled.

"Father?" Marcello rushed to catch him as he collapsed, confused. His father was motionless. Wetness spread across the floor beneath them—blood.

He had been shot. A single, precise shot that killed him instantly. No amateur could have done this.

Giovanni sprang to his feet, his men drawing weapons as the room erupted in chaos.

"F-Father… no! No, this can't be happening!" Marcello's voice cracked with panic. His gaze snapped to Giovanni, rage burning in his eyes.

"What the fuck have you done!?" Marcello roared.

In an instant, the room's atmosphere shifted from celebratory to deadly.

Giovanni wasn't the culprit, but the next shot tore into Marcello's arm, sending him crashing to the floor.

All hell broke loose. Gunfire erupted as both families unleashed their fury on one another. To them, it looked like a setup—an attempt to eliminate the main family.

Far in the distance, Kurayami watched with a sinister grin plastered across his face.

"Targets down," he whispered, ecstasy gleaming in his eyes, a reflection of his broken mind.

He packed up his weapon and slipped away. Nobody came after him—the chaos was too consuming. The battlefield of bullets covered his escape with ease.

.

.

.

.

A/N: This flashback concludes with the next chapter!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 328 - 328: End Of Flashback!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The assassination of the Don sent ripples through the Mafia world. There was a reason even Giovanni hadn't attempted to kill him, despite their differences.

It would destroy the family's balance and invite rival families to encroach on their territory.

The incident split them apart. Marcello wasn't convinced this was a hit ordered by Giovanni. There was no logical reason to take out both father and son.

However, Giovanni had sensed something twisted in Marcello that day — when he'd played Russian Roulette without flinching. It was enough to make him suspect that all of this had been orchestrated by Marcello himself, as a way to blame Giovanni and seize control of both factions.

Two birds, one stone.

This was exactly what Satoshi had planned — and the great divide had finally occurred.

Nakamura heard about the chaos, but he didn't feel any particular way about it. This was the life he had chosen, after all.

Unlike him, Marcello had been born into it. Nakamura had chosen to leave that life behind, but he also understood that Marcello might never have been given the same choice his father once offered him.

Kurayami was a strange man. He had no hobbies, no social interests, and never left the house except for assignments.

Nakamura had been assigned to care for him — acting almost like his butler — since Kurayami had zero interest in Western culture.

All he cared about was spilling blood.

Nakamura couldn't understand how someone could live like that. He himself needed air, a walk, some semblance of a normal life. He'd leave for hours and return to find Kurayami sitting in the exact same spot, staring at the same thing.

"That man is strange…" Nakamura muttered to himself.

A week had passed since the so-called "failed" assassination of Marcello.

There was no way a man of Kurayami's caliber could have missed. Which meant… it had all been intentional.

The Oyabun needed Marcello and Giovanni apart.

Nakamura kept watch on Marcello, observing quietly. He began to notice that Marcello spent most of his days with his daughter.

No matter how busy he was, he always made time for her.

If anything, it showed how loving of a father he was. Nakamura admired that about him — the way he focused on family.

He knew that was what his own father must have wanted for him, too.

But was this truly what it seemed?

No. The truth was, Giovanni was plotting to end the family line once and for all.

"We need to kill him," one man hissed, clearly irritated by Marcello's continued existence.

Giovanni didn't answer immediately. He was starting to connect the dots.

The idea that Marcello had tried to kill him… that seed had been planted in his mind by one of his most trusted right hands — a mole for Satoshi Nakamura.

Satoshi had eyes everywhere despite never stepping foot in the country. That alone was a testament to his growing influence.

He needed the two factions divided — so he could remove Giovanni, take the mantle, and build his own power from the ruins. But first, Marcello had to go.

If Satoshi could control a family, it would open the door to conquering all the others.

He had tried to get Marcello to cooperate. But with the Don dead, Marcello no longer mattered.

If Marcello refused to serve Giovanni, then the next best thing was to pit them against each other until both were gone. With Kurayami's help, this was achievable.

Marcello, however, had no drive for revenge.

He knew what his father was — a criminal. A man who lived by the sword, and died by it.

Nakamura reported all of this to his father — Marcello's daily activities, his quiet days spent with his daughter, and nothing more.

But this report… would become the turning point. The final assignment was upon them.

"I wonder what that sociopath is always staring at…" Nakamura thought aloud one night.

In a rare moment, Kurayami had left the house. Nakamura took the opportunity to dig deeper. He accessed Kurayami's laptop, guessing his password from patterns he'd observed.

The screen flickered to life. Orders from the Oyabun stared back at him.

The next target's name made his heart freeze.

Angelica.

"W–What!?" he gasped.

--

"Papa, you're cheating!" Angelica pouted, puffing her cheeks as she clutched her storybook.

It was evening. The sun had barely dipped below the horizon, casting warm hues across the room. Marcello sat beside her, reading aloud, but this time… he wasn't doing the funny voices she loved so much.

"Hahaha! I'm sorry, my love," he chuckled softly. "Daddy's a little tired today."

He had just lost his father. His family was splintered. Angelica was the only thing he had left to lose.

"What's wrong, Papa?" she asked, concern flickering in her innocent eyes.

Marcello forced a smile. "The darkness scares me," he said — but this time, in the silly, frightened tone she adored.

Angelica's face lit up instantly.

Marcello smiled faintly. Even in this peace, he knew — his sins would catch up to him.

Later, after reading, he went to the kitchen to make dinner. Angelica was upstairs, playing with her toys, when a sudden sound broke the quiet.

Then — a scream.

Marcello's heart stopped. He dropped everything and sprinted upstairs, bursting into her room. But she was gone.

The window was open.

She'd been taken.

Even in the Mafia world, there were lines no one dared to cross. But in desperate times… who could say what Giovanni was capable of?

Kurayami had taken Angelica.

News of the kidnapping spread quickly to the other branch of the family.

When Giovanni heard, pity washed over him. Pity for his old friend. But that pity turned to realization — and regret.

"The one who did this… it's the same person who killed the Don," he muttered, gripping the wheel of his car.

"Damn it! I was stupid!" Giovanni hissed, ready to offer aid to Marcello. He was deep in his own territory, his security light tonight — a fatal mistake.

A soft thwip cut through the air. A bullet, silenced, entered the back of his skull.

He slumped forward, dead.

"Geez… you really are stupid," the mole muttered, lowering the gun. "Couldn't just let things be, huh?"

He executed the guards, then turned the gun on himself — a shot to the chest, non-fatal, to make it all look believable.

As the only survivor, he could spin the story however he wished.

No one else would ever know what really happened.

--

Nakamura tracked Kurayami relentlessly. Killing a child… that wasn't something he could let happen.

But Kurayami was too easy to find. Suspiciously easy.

It reeked of a setup.

The trail led him to an abandoned warehouse. He scanned the dark corners before stepping inside.

"Come in… I've been waiting for you," a voice echoed.

Kurayami.

"Waiting for me?" Nakamura muttered, stepping cautiously through the door.

Inside, Angelica sat bound to a chair, unconscious. Kurayami lounged before her, legs spread, pistol in hand.

"This is—!" Nakamura froze in horror.

"Relax. I haven't touched her… yet."

The words made Nakamura's blood boil.

"What are you doing!?" he demanded.

Kurayami didn't answer. He just stared at him, expression unreadable.

"Your father spoiled you," he said finally. "You had all the privileges — and you threw it all away for this soft, peaceful life? How pathetic."

"What are you talking about!?" Nakamura barked.

Kurayami's lips curved. "It's simple. Take this gun… and shoot her. Right between the eyes."

"I AM NOT KILLING A CHILD!" Nakamura's voice thundered through the room.

"Then I'll torture her," Kurayami said calmly. "I'll start by tearing out her nails. Maybe worse. But I'm giving you the chance to spare her that. A mercy kill."

"Does my father know about this!?"

Kurayami sighed. "Does it matter? She's a target because of your report."

"My report…?" Nakamura's eyes widened. "Are you saying this is my fault!?"

"That's exactly what I'm saying. Her death — her suffering — it's all on you."

Nakamura's breathing quickened. His mind raced. Then, finally… he steadied himself.

"Give me the gun."

Kurayami smirked and handed it over without hesitation.

"He wouldn't give me a loaded weapon," Nakamura thought grimly. "He knows I might turn it on him."

Still, he aimed the gun at Angelica — and pulled the trigger.

Click.

Empty.

Kurayami clapped like a madman. "I didn't think you'd actually pull it!" he cackled.

Nakamura's expression didn't change. "Is this a joke to you?" he said coldly.

Kurayami slid a bullet toward him. "Here. Try again."

Nakamura loaded it slowly. The barrel turned toward Angelica again — and at the last second, swung toward Kurayami.

He fired.

The bullet struck Kurayami clean in the chest.

The man smiled as he fell, blood spreading beneath him.

"N–Now you're a killer," he whispered before going still.

Nakamura didn't waste a second. He knew what this meant. His father would send another assassin. He couldn't let the girl live — not publicly.

He staged the scene, using Kurayami's blood to stain Angelica's forehead, making it appear as though she'd been shot. The illusion was flawless.

He took a photo, sent it to his father, and set the warehouse ablaze.

But by morning, there was no report of a body inside.

He had smuggled the girl to the nearest hospital. The blow to her head had caused memory loss — a tragedy that turned out to be a blessing.

It made it easier for her to disappear.

Nakamura took responsibility for her quietly, ensuring she lacked nothing.

--

Marcello never saw his daughter again.

The original plan was to have him take his own life in exchange for hers. But Kurayami had never intended to keep that promise.

Nakamura had changed everything — and in doing so, broke something inside Marcello.

He lost it.

When he heard of Giovanni's death — a death orchestrated by the mole who thought Satoshi would protect him — he snapped completely.

Marcello reunited his fractured family through blood, crushing every trace of rebellion. Then, wary of Giovanni's remaining men, he executed them all — including the mole.

From that bloodbath, a new Marcello was born.

And from his madness, an ideal was forged:

To create a family so strong that no one could ever break it again.

Even if it meant losing his humanity forever.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 329 - 329: Cleopatra's Side.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle was done with his meeting with Viktor, and there was something familiar about him.

It felt like he had met him before, and thanks to his total recall, he could search through his memory to find out where he knew this man from.

It hit him — this man bore resemblance to the one he saw Nakamura with that night.

"It can't be!" Kyle began to wonder if there truly was a mole and if he had just spoken to him.

Kyle knew he couldn't trust anyone, and if Nakamura had a mole within the Mafia, then it would mean all the information he had told him, Nakamura already knew.

"That sneaky bastard…" Kyle muttered under his breath, though he was more impressed than angry.

Kyle had no idea what Nakamura was planning, but something deep within him suspected that going to get their girl might be the worst decision he had ever made.

Kyle had no idea what to do next because he was trapped in the middle of all this.

There was no escape, but this was to be expected — for one to truly become powerful, they must understand the darker aspect of the world.

He looked at the address Nakamura gave him and quickly searched it online, despite having no intentions of kidnapping a girl.

Kyle knew there was a chance he could find some answers if he traveled to England.

But there were far too many loose ends here, and it was something he couldn't risk being tied back to him.

Kyle thought he had managed to get ahead of Nakamura, but that wasn't the case — it was the opposite.

Nakamura had been in this world far too long to be outsmarted by someone half his age, regardless of how smart Kyle was.

Kyle flipped through his contacts, looking for someone to call who could possibly aid him.

But just then, his phone rang — it was an unknown number, and Kyle instantly looked around, thinking he was being watched.

The timing was impeccable, but they would also need to read his mind to know he was looking for someone to call.

"Hello?" Kyle picked up, and the other voice at the end of the phone was Cleopatra.

[[I was hit…]] Cleopatra informed him in the calmest tone. Kyle didn't believe her because of the way this message was delivered.

"What do you mean you were hit? That is impossible, I haven't heard anything about it," Kyle muttered, careful not to speak too loud as he didn't know who could be around him.

[[It happened on the same day we met. I thought you set me up, but someone as stupid as you couldn't.]] Cleopatra revealed. Why did she hold back for so long?

"You didn't tell me about that! All you said was they knew!" Kyle was anxious now because this was too close to home.

What if they made the connection to Ella? There was no way she wouldn't become a target as well.

Kyle couldn't have that and knew he had to take drastic actions to ensure this wouldn't be the case.

[[That isn't why I am calling you. I have one request.]] Cleopatra informed him, and Kyle wondered what this request could be, seeing as they weren't friends to begin with, so she had no reason to be making any request whatsoever.

"What is it?" Kyle decided to indulge her, but silence fell on the other end, like she was ashamed of the words about to escape her lips.

[[Look after that little brat for me, would you…]] Cleopatra requested, and an awkward silence followed because it was no secret they didn't get along after all.

Ella hated her, and Cleopatra felt the same way because she basically tried to ruin their relationship while they were visiting.

"I will always look after Ella regardless of what you ask. I do it not for you but for Jane," Kyle informed her sternly.

This was his family now, and Cleopatra had no say in how he treated them — but he could almost hear the relief in her breathing.

And without saying another word, the call came to an end.

"She hung up? That bitch!" Kyle cussed under his breath, but this was further proof that family was complicated.

Because from his point of view, it looked like Cleopatra was protecting Ella.

—

Cleopatra ended the phone call, relaxing in her hot tub, allowing the steam to wash over her.

There was a reason Cleopatra tried her best to erase her connection with her sister — it was to keep her enemies away from her.

She had a glass of wine in hand and wondered how all of this would play out.

Cleopatra knew what her family did at a young age but had to keep Ella away from this reality.

The best way to accomplish this was to make her hate her, and that hate kept her away from the family.

Cleopatra took on the weight and burden on her shoulders as their parents required a perfect balance of both worlds.

She could have easily destroyed Ella if she truly wished for her to disappear from her world, but cutting off ties was for the best.

There were two sides to every story, and Cleopatra never got the chance to tell hers.

She took a sip from the glass in hand and realized she had gotten too comfortable.

The criminal world had rules, but it was clear those rules were being breached.

No one was safe, and all of this mess began with Marcello's daughter's death.

She knew about this because, after all, Satoshi needed help from someone equally as powerful in this country to pull off such a feat — and that was none other than their family.

This was why Nakamura stopped searching to find out who she was and why he was so frightened when Kyle spoke about her.

There was no way she could accomplish such a reputation without having a foundation to build on.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 330 - 330: Trouble In Paradise!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle began to suspect that Cleopatra was about to do something she would regret; he needed to make sure Ella was safe.

Kyle called her, but Ella didn't pick up because she was clearly busy.

"Fucking hell. I need to find a way to keep her with Jane!" Kyle mumbled under his breath and knew he had to go home to make sure she wasn't ignoring him intentionally.

He knew they had crossed a line, but this wasn't the time to go silent.

If she wanted to distance herself from the situation, ghosting wasn't the thing to do because Kyle knew this was the childish route to take.

And with the way his life was going, this was the last thing he needed.

He reached home in a matter of minutes. Kyle knew the movie's release would help his income, so this would give him a stronger foothold in the industry and, if he could, start making movies with full rights.

He could set up a royalty paycheck for Ella by putting her song in said movie, which would grant her more exposure, depending on how well the movie does, as it would reach a wider audience.

There were so many things he planned to help her with, but at the back of his mind, he couldn't shake off something was about to happen that would do more harm than good.

Kyle arrived home and noticed there was no one at home.

He took a deep breath and rolled his eyes in irritation, but it was something that couldn't be helped.

However, Kyle had a smile on his face because he remembered just how good her thighs felt; it was something that sat at the back of his mind.

He soon heard a knock at the door and hoped it was Ella returning home because ultimately, the priority remained the same.

He swung the door open without a second thought and saw it was Jones.

The dejected look on his face could only mean one thing, and Kyle dared to mutter those forbidden words.

"Don't tell me she is dead," Kyle said.

"Wait, what? Of course not, man! Why is that you go-to!?" Jones barked at him, and Kyle had to try not to laugh in this scenario.

"Well, you look like shit. I guess black does crack," Kyle fired back, trying his best to lighten the situation because at the end of the day.

He knew Jones was in a stressful situation, but they weren't struggling for money, so why was he putting work above his woman?

This was one thing Kyle wanted to know because they could both quit their jobs and live out the rest of their lives comfortably.

Jones brushed him aside and could instantly perceive the scent of a woman lingering in the air.

This is what happens when you start to live with someone, even if they weren't present all day.

"Are you good?" Kyle asked him as he closed the door.

Jone sat down on his couch, head in hands, before looking at Kyle in disbelief.

"Aiysha wants a divorce."

-

Aiysha had spent time in the hospital recollecting her thoughts, but failed to understand why things were turning out the way they did.

Jones was neglecting her a bit too much, and this was something she didn't like, as it didn't make her feel seen.

The fact that it took getting her to the hospital to instill any sense of urgency in him was telling because what if he didn't have that chance?

Life was too short to fight over trivial things, and regardless of how one fights, they shouldn't withdraw basic care.

Aiysha knew this was becoming increasingly toxic, but she had her family to think about because he might not be the best husband.

However, this didn't mean he wasn't a great father, and she couldn't make a decision that would only benefit her.

This was why the divorce came with a special condition.

If Jones doesn't show any signs of improvement for the next 30 days, the divorce would be pushed forward, but they would still cohabitate and keep the divorce away from everyone until Clarissa is old enough.

Aiyhsa didn't want to do this, but she had sacrificed too much to make this work.

Jones tried his best to be better, but the guilt of his past was still biting away at his conscience.

He assumed the worst in scenarios he put her in because he knew what he would do in them; it was a direct reflection of his conscience, or at least this was what Aiysha began to believe.

And Kyle had further complicated their marriages because what man is okay with another man sleeping with his woman?

She couldn't blame Kyle for her failing marriage and had to take responsibility, but what made it all the more sickening was that she considered it.

Kyle had taken care of her and made sure she was comfortable, but he didn't take her to the shower, even if he would have had a valid excuse.

He called a lady to help with that, and that showed respect, even though she wondered who the lady was to him.

Aiysha had met Jane, and this was also part of what helped curb her attraction towards Kyle because she would be lying if she said she didn't find him attractive.

Aiysha lay on the hospital bed, wondering how she got herself in this mess.

-

Cleopatra knew it was time to face the threat head-on; she had offered to meet up with Marcello to see if they could broker peace.

She had the help of Isabeu, who wanted these two to talk it out; this made it possible because Marcello did listen to the sub-head families.

Cleopatra knew she would be at her most vulnerable if she went through with what had been planned. Why? Marcello was a smart man.

However, was Cleopatra interested in talking it out, or was deja vu about to repeat itself?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 331 - 331: Friends Talk, Enemies... Bang?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle wasn't surprised when he heard this because their relationship had taken a turn for the worse, and there was one common factor.

Kyle blamed himself because if he had just said no when she asked him to drop her off, none of this would have happened.

Kyle knew they would have fought about something else, but at least he wouldn't directly be involved in this drama.

Kyle did his best to comfort Jones, but there was something broken in him that he instinctively knew he was too far gone.

Aiysha had lost the respect she had for him, and there was no coming back from that.

Kyle looked over his shoulder and noticed there was nothing he could do right now.

This marriage might be past the point of no return because Jones had done everything he could do.

But then it hit him—there was no doubt Aiysha was attracted to him; this much was established, but this didn't mean she would act on that attraction.

"Jones, I think you need to give her some space. Let her decompress and remember why she is doing this to begin with," Kyle advised him, because pushing himself on her would only push her away.

"I don't know what to do, man! I have tried my best!" Jones was getting desperate, and Kyle wondered what love was.

This couldn't be it, or they wouldn't be giving up on each other.

"Sometimes your best isn't enough, and this is what you need to accept. You betrayed her first, Jones," Kyle was giving him a reality check because he was surprised she even stayed with him in the first place.

Betrayal was usually the cue to end any relationship, so he doubted she was going to leave this time, especially with their daughter in the picture.

But Kyle meant it when he said she needed time to herself to rediscover what she wanted.

Kyle found it funny he was basically in the middle of an underground struggle for power, but this was what he had to deal with.

It was a nice change of pace from all of that violence and blood; it reminded him that there was normalcy in his life.

"Thank you a lot for everything you have done for me and my family, Kyle," Jones showed his appreciation.

Kyle had shown up for him more times than he could remember and didn't need to have to, but Kyle was forever indebted to Jones because he wouldn't have made it this far without his help.

If he threw him out on the street, Kyle would have taken his life a lot sooner, and the condition for his rebate system would never have been met.

It was funny how one moment could ultimately shape one's life—just a single moment.

"I should be the one thanking you. I have been in a bad place for as long as I remember, and you always sacrificed to make sure I didn't give up," Kyle confessed.

"I have never told anyone this, but Jones, I would have taken my life a lot sooner if you weren't here," Kyle confessed, but Jones picked up on the usage of his words.

"What do you mean you would have done it a lot sooner? Does that mean…" Jones stopped himself from uttering the complete sentence.

Kyle paused for a second, staring right at him before a smile creased his face.

"Of course not!" Kyle blurted out, and Jones was visibly relieved to hear this.

"You had me for a second there," Jones admitted.

Kyle had offered earlier to help them with their marriage; he wanted to try his hand at being their counsellor.

However, the situation in his life right now didn't allow for it, and before the conversation could go on further,

the doorknob to his apartment jiggled. Someone was trying to gain entry, but Kyle knew there was only one person this could be.

"Are you living with someone?" Jones questioned, and Kyle nodded to confirm this.

He quickly walked to the door but made sure not to make any noise. Jones watched Kyle quietly as he had no idea what he was planning.

Kyle placed a finger above his lips to signal for Jones not to make a sound.

The door opened, and Kyle immediately jerked forward, being the first thing she saw. But instead of Ella freaking out—

"Ahhh!" Ella screamed out of fear before she punched him right in the face on reflex, and it was a perfect hit. Kyle instantly fell to the ground, clutching his face.

"Y-You idiot! Why would you do that!?" Ella questioned, crouching to make sure he was okay.

"You beast! Why was your first instinct violence?" Kyle fired back right away.

Jones was surprised to see this side of Kyle—the way he walked to the door with purpose and such a serious face.

Jones thought someone might be breaking in, but seeing Kyle being normal brought a smile to his face.

"You really did try to end it all, didn't you?" Jones thought to himself.

He could tell by the eyebags that had permanently formed beneath his eyes that his man was having sleepless nights, but this never crossed his mind.

He watched Kyle and Ella argue like a married couple, and this reminded him of him and Aiysha during the beginning of their marriage, even though she wasn't nearly as violent as this redhead.

Because Ella kept on hitting him after discovering he was alright enough to take a few more punches, with Kyle barely defending himself.

The truth was, Kyle could have easily avoided the punch, even if it was a surprise attack, but he allowed it to hit intentionally to break the long-standing tension between them.

Kyle understood his situation and knew he had to fix things with her because with the way things were going, Ella could be dragged into this even if he had to make an exception for her.

But Kyle also knew if she moved in with the others, she could potentially put them in danger.

He had to make a decision and fast.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 332 - 332: Ella Confesses!?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle clutched his jaw, the sharp sting from Ella's reflex punch still throbbing like a fresh bruise. He sat on the edge of the couch in his apartment, the dim light filtering through the curtains casting shadows across the room. Jones had left earlier, chuckling at the spectacle, leaving Kyle and Ella alone in the awkward aftermath.

Ella hovered nearby, her face a mix of guilt and defiance, her red hair tousled from the scare he'd given her at the door. She was still in her casual clothes—a loose tank top and shorts that hugged her curves—but her posture screamed discomfort, arms crossed tightly over her chest as if shielding herself from more than just the chill in the air.

"I'm... sorry," Ella finally muttered, her voice barely above a whisper. She shifted her weight from one foot to the other, avoiding his gaze.

"For hitting you. That was... uncalled for." Ella added.

Kyle looked up, his hand dropping from his face. A smile tugged at his lips despite the pain.

"Uncalled for? You mean the part where you clocked me like a pro boxer, or the scream that probably woke the neighbors?" He chuckled lightly, the sound easing some of the tension in the room.

"Don't worry, it's fine. I deserved it. I shouldn't have snuck up on you like that. Classic horror movie move—jump out and yell 'boo.' What was I thinking?" Kyle accepted his part in this.

Ella's eyes locked onto his, a flicker of relief crossing her features, but she wasn't ready to let it go that easily.

"Well, yeah, you did startle me! Who does that? I thought someone was breaking in or something. You fucking scared me," She uncrossed her arms, gesturing wildly as if reliving the moment.

"You can't just... lurk like that. It's your fault, really." Ella's tone had shifted completely. Kyle raised his hands to mimic surrender, his laughter slipping through his barely parted lips..

"Guilty as charged. I apologize for scaring, it is easy to forget you are a lady sometimes," Kyle said but noticed Ella closing in the distance as if she was going to hit him again for that statement.

"I'm kidding! I'm just kidding!" Kyle laughed as these words escaped his lips.

"You play too fucking much!" Ella barked, her words raw and uncensored.

"Hey, I'm sorry for making you uncomfortable in general. Look, Ella, about everything... we can go back to how things were. Pretend none of this weirdness happened. Roommates, friends—whatever feels right. No pressure," Kyle offered her a way out of his proposal.

His words hung in the air, sincere and steady, but Ella's expression shifted. She bit her lip, her grey eyes clouding with something deeper than just embarrassment over the punch. She sank onto the couch beside him, not too close, but close enough that Kyle could feel the warmth radiating from her body.

The apartment felt smaller suddenly, the silence stretching as she gathered her thoughts. Kyle waited, sensing there was something she needed to get off her massive chest.

"I... I don't know if we can just go back," Ella said softly, her voice trembling slightly. She stared at her hands in her lap, twisting her fingers together.

"Kyle, I'm attracted to you. Like, incredibly attracted. And it's not just because of... whatever this is now. It's been there for a while. Before you even made that crazy offer about joining you and Jane. God, that sounds so fucking messed up when I say it out loud," Ella confessed. The moment they met, she had tried to test him but Kyle didn't pay attention to the one thing all men did.

This instantly made him standout to her, even at a subconscious level but Ella had self control because she never acted on any of it.

Kyle's eyebrows shot up, but he stayed quiet, letting her speak her mind. He could see the internal war she was having with morality—the flush creeping up her neck, the way her shoulders hunched as if bracing for judgment.

"Jane's my best friend," Ella continued, her words tumbling out faster now, like a dam breaking.

"What kind of person does that make me? Lusting after her guy? It feels like a sin, like I'm betraying her just by thinking about it. And yeah, I've had... dreams. Wet dreams, okay? About you. Waking up all hot and bothered, feeling guilty as hell. I keep thinking, what if I sabotage this? What if my stupid brain ruins everything—not just for me, but for Jane too? She's so happy with you, and I don't want to be the reason that falls apart. I'm scared, Kyle. Scared that I'll self-destruct and drag everyone down with me," Ella was being vulnerable and this was something Kyle wasn't about to take for granted.

Kyle could hear the vulnerability in her voice, the fear laced with every sentence. He shifted closer, careful not to crowd her, and placed a gentle hand on her knee.

"Ella, hey... look at me." Kyle requested. She hesitated but lifted her gaze, her eyes glistening with unshed tears.

"First off, thank you for being honest. That takes guts. And yeah, the dreams? The attraction? That's human. It doesn't make you a bad person. Jane is okay with this now. We've talked. But more importantly, I see you. All of you. The fierce, fiery woman who punches first and asks questions later. The one who's loyal to her friends, even when it hurts," Kyle reassured her, voice gentle.

Ella let out a shaky laugh, wiping at her eyes.

"You cheeky bastard... You always know the right words to say," Ella muttered under her breath.

Kyle smiled softly, his thumb tracing a small circle on her knee—a reassuring touch, nothing more.

"You're not going to self-destruct. Not on my watch. I won't let you. We've all got our demons, our messy parts. Mine? Hell, I've got a laundry list. But we figure it out together. If this attraction is real, we explore it carefully. No rushing—just us being honest. And if it's too much? We step back. But Ella, you're not dragging anyone down. You're lifting us up, even if you don't see it yet," Kyle continued because he saw the impact she had on Jane's life.

Jane was able to be timid even at this age because Ella must have protected her to allow such naivety to exist.

Ella searched his face, looking for any sign of insincerity, but found only warmth. Slowly, she leaned in, her hand reaching up to cup his cheek—the same one she'd bruised earlier. Kyle mirrored her, his fingers gently threading through her hair as he pulled her closer.

Their lips met. It was electric but barely a second passed before Kyle winced and pulled back sharply, his hand flying to his jaw.

"Ow! Damn, that punch really did a number on me," Kyle confessed.

Ella blinked, caught off guard, then burst into laughter—a genuine, belly-deep sound that filled the room. She covered her mouth, tears now from mirth instead of turmoil.

"Oh my God, I'm so sorry! Again! See? This is what I mean—self-sabotage. I kiss you and end up hurting you," Ella joked about the situation.

Kyle joined in, chuckling through the pain, his eyes crinkling at the corners.

"Hey, at least it's memorable. A kiss and a black eye? That's got to be a record." He rubbed his jaw gingerly but reached for her hand, intertwining their fingers.

"Worth it, though."

"You're impossible, you know that?" Ella rolled her eyes but there was affection in her tone now.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 333 - 333: Ella Caves In! [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

They sat like that for a while, hands linked, the air between them lighter. Kyle glanced at the clock—still early evening—and squeezed her hand.

"How about we order some takeout? Talk more? Or not talk, if you want. Whatever feels right." Kyle suggested. Ella nodded, leaning her head on his shoulder.

"Yeah. Takeout sounds good. And... thanks, Kyle. For not letting me blow everything up." Ella was quick to show her gratitude.

"Anytime," he murmured, pressing a careful kiss to her forehead this time—no recoils needed. As the night unfolded, the fractures in their confessions began to mend, one honest word at a time.

Ding!]

[Update in affection bar!]

[Ella's affection: 47%!]

Kyle's forehead kiss was innocent but Ella's body was already betraying her. The guilt from earlier had melted into something primal, a raw hunger that clawed at her insides. She shifted on the couch, her thigh brushing against his, and Kyle felt the heat radiating from her. Her nipples hardened against the thin fabric of her tank top, aching for touch. Fuck this slow burn—she wanted him now.

Ella turned to him, her grey eyes dark with lust, and shoved him back against the cushions with surprising force.

"Enough talking, Kyle," she growled, straddling his lap in one fluid motion. Her shorts rode up, exposing the damp spot on her panties as she ground down on his growing bulge.

"I've been wet since that stupid kiss. You feel that? That's your fault, you teasing bastard." Ella blamed him and the way she spoke showed she was comfortable.

Kyle's hands instinctively gripped her hips, his cock twitching beneath her. He blinked up at her, surprised that she made the first move. "Ella... you sure? We don't have to rush—" Kyle wanted to make sure because this was something they couldn't come back from.

"Shut the fuck up," Ella snapped, grabbing his shirt and yanking it over his head. Her nails raked down his chest, leaving red trails that made him hiss.

"I want this. I want your cock inside me—or on me, or whatever the hell I say. You got a problem with that?" Her voice was raw, filthy, dominant as hell, and it sent a jolt straight to Kyle's dick. He'd seen glimpses of this side of her—the fiery redhead who didn't take shit—but this? This was pure filth, and it turned him on more than he thought possible.

"No problem," he murmured, voice husky, easing into it because there was no need to resist. His hands slid up her sides, thumbs brushing the undersides of her breasts.

"Just... tell me if it's too much. I want you comfortable." Kyle tried his best to reassure her.

Ella laughed, low and dirty, as she peeled off her tank top, her full tits bouncing free. They were perfect—pale, heavy, with pink nipples already erect and hard.

"Comfortable? I want to be wrecked," Ella whispered into his ear. She grabbed his hands and slammed them onto her chest, forcing him to squeeze.

"Suck these tits like you mean it." Ella commanded. The switch was drastic, Kyle had no idea she would be this into it but it only made it even more exciting.

Kyle groaned, his restraint cracking. He leaned in, mouth latching onto one nipple, sucking hard while his tongue flicked the peak. Ella arched, moaning loud and unashamed.

"Fuck yes, just like that. Harder, you pussy—bite it." Her words were venom-laced honey, making his cock throb painfully against his pants.

As he switched to the other breast, lavishing it with wet, sloppy sucks, Ella's hand dove between them. She fumbled with his zipper, freeing his thick cock in one rough yank. It sprang out, veiny and hard, pre-cum already beading at the tip.

"Goddamn, look at this fat cock," she purred, wrapping her fingers around the shaft. Her grip was firm, almost punishing, as she started stroking—slow at first, twisting her wrist on the upstroke, thumb smearing the pre-cum over the head.

Kyle bucked into her hand, moaning against her tit, the vibration sending shocks through her.

"Ella... fuck, your hand feels so good...~!" Kyle couldn't keep his moan in and this turned Ella all the more. A man who moaned? Sign her up.

"Yeah? You like when I jerk your big dick?" She pumped faster, her foul mouth relentless.

"Bet you've been dreaming about flooding my throat with cum. You dirty man," Her dominance fueled him, his hips thrusting instinctively as he sucked harder, teeth grazing her nipple just enough to make her gasp.

She shoved him back again, sliding down his body until she knelt between his legs. Her tits heaved with each breath, and she spat on his cock— a thick glob landing right on the head—before stroking it in with her palm.

"Watch me," she commanded, eyes locked on his as she leaned forward.

Kyle's breath hitched as she pressed her tits together, enveloping his cock in soft, warm flesh. The sight was obscene—his shaft disappearing between her perfect breasts, the tip poking out with each squeeze.

"Holy shit, Ella...~," Kyle didn't bother hiding his moan.

"Now titfuck me," Ella demanded, voice stained with lust.

"Fuck my tits like the slutty toys they are." She held them tight, creating a slick channel, and Kyle eased in carefully at first, thrusting up slowly to gauge her reaction.

"Don't you dare go soft on me," Ella snarled, but her eyes softened for a split second—appreciation for his care amid the filth.

"Fuck them harder. I want to feel that cock bruise my chest," Ella had been starved for so long that she had forgotten how intimacy feels like, she wanted to experience it all again.

Kyle growled, turned on beyond words by her rawness. He gripped her shoulders and started thrusting, his hips snapping as his cock slid between her tits. The friction was insane—soft skin gripping him, her spit and his pre-cum making it glide perfectly. With each upward stroke, the head popped out, and Ella was there—tongue out, sucking the tip greedily. Slurp. Thrust. Slurp.

"Mmm, taste so fucking good," Ella mumbled around the head, sucking hard, hollowing her cheeks as she swirled her tongue over the slit. Drool spilled from her mouth, dripping down his shaft and her tits, making everything messy and wet.

"Give me that cum, Kyle. Paint my face with it, you dirty fucker," Ella wasn't shy—at all.

Her words pushed him closer, his thrusts erratic. He reached down, pinching her nipples while he fucked her cleavage. Ella's free hand snaked between her legs, rubbing her clit furiously through her soaked shorts.

"I'm gonna cum just from this," Ella gasped, sucking his tip harder with each thrust.

"Your cock's so fucking thick—stretching my tits like a whore," Ella looked hungry and it wasn't for food.

"Ella... gonna cum—" Kyle couldn't hold on any longer.

"Do it," Ella hissed, popping the tip into her mouth one last time, sucking like a vacuum as he thrust up.

"Urrgghh... I'm cumming~!" Kyle's mind went blank for a second.

He exploded, ropes of hot cum shooting across her tongue, splashing her lips and chin as she pulled back to let some coat her tits. Ella moaned, rubbing it in, licking her lips clean.

"Fuck!... so much cum and you expected me to swallow it all! You trying to suffocate me, you pervert!" Ella cussed at him but partly surprised he could let out so much to begin with.

"You... are incredible," Kyle panted.

"Damn right. And we're not done yet."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 334 - 334: Round 2! [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ella's chest still glistened with Kyle's cum, streaks of it smeared across her tits like war paint. She licked the last drop from her bottom lip, eyes feral, and shoved him flat onto his back again. The couch creaked under his weight as she climbed over him, knees bracketing his hips, her soaked shorts long since kicked to the floor. She hovered above his cock, still rock-hard, slick with her spit and his own release, and dragged the fat head through her dripping pussy.

"Look at you," Ella rasped, voice thick with lust.

"Still fucking hard for me. Greedy bastard." Ella was glad he was this aroused for her, it made her feel good that it wasn't one sided.

Kyle's hands settled on her thighs, thumbs digging in, but he didn't push. He let her take.

"All yours, Ella. Do whatever you want," Kyle gave her the go ahead.

"Damn right," Ella said with a wicked grin.

She sank down agonizingly slowly, letting every inch of him stretch her open. The blunt head breached her, and she hissed through her teeth, eyes rolling back.

"Fuuuck, your cock's splitting me in half." Ella's mouth spewed profanity. Her walls fluttered around him, hot and slick, sucking him deeper as she took him to the root. When her ass finally met his thighs, she ground in a circle, clit dragging against his pelvis.

"Unngh—shit~!" Kyle groaned, head thumping back against the cushion. Her pussy was molten, gripping him like a fist.

Ella planted her palms on his chest and started riding—slow, deliberate rolls of her hips at first, savoring the way he filled her.

Then she picked up speed, thighs flexing, fat ass bouncing with every downward slam. The wet slap of skin on skin echoed through the apartment, obscene and perfect.

Kyle couldn't stay still. He surged up, mouth latching onto one of her nipple, sucking hard.

"Mmmph—" The vibration shot straight to Ella's core.

"Yes—fuck—suck my tits while I fuck you," Ella snarled, fingers twisting in his hair, yanking his head closer. She rode him harder, faster, the couch groaning beneath them. Her ass rippled with every impact, flesh clashing loud enough to drown out their ragged breathing.

"Unh—unh—unh—fuck!" Ella's moans were raw, punched out of her with every bounce.

"Your cock's so deep—gonna ruin my pussy—don't you fucking stop—" Ella barked like a rabid dog.

Kyle's hands clamped onto her waist, fingers sinking into soft flesh, guiding her harder, faster. He released her breast with a wet pop and growled against her skin,

"Yes—yes—fuck me—fuck me—oh shit—" Ella didn't care who heard them and she was loud, there was no doubt the people around them would hear them.

The rhythm turned brutal. Her thighs burned, ass clapping against his hips, pussy squelching with every thrust. Kyle's cock dragged along her front wall, hitting that spot that made her see stars. She was close—so fucking close—

And then Kyle moved.

One second she was on top, in control; the next, he'd flipped her like she weighed nothing. Ella yelped as he threw her forward over the arm of the couch, tits mashed into the cushions, ass high in the air. Before she could catch her breath, his hands spread her cheeks and the thick head of his cock notched at her entrance again.

"Kyle—wait—" Ella tried to stop him but Kyle wasn't hearing any of it.

He didn't wait.

He drove into her in one brutal thrust, balls slapping against her clit. Ella screamed into the cushion, the sound muffled and broken.

"Fuuuck! Oh my god—did your dick get bigger?!" Ella clawed at the fabric, back arching as he bottomed out, deeper than before, the angle merciless.

"It's in my fucking throat—Jesus Christ—!" Ella screamed at the top of her lungs.

Kyle's grip on her hips was iron. He pulled back until only the tip remained, then slammed home again. And again. And again. The couch rocked forward with every thrust, springs squealing in protest.

Ella couldn't hold it in. The moans tore out of her, filthy and unrestrained.

"Fuck—fuck—harder—destroy me—unh—unh—unh—your cock's so fucking deep—gonna break me—don't stop—please don't fucking stop—" Ella begged him.

Kyle leaned over her, chest to her back, one hand sliding up to fist her hair. He yanked her head to the side so he could growl into her ear. "

You want it rough, baby? You want me to wreck this greedy little pussy?"

"Yes—yes—fuck yes—give it to me—ruin me—"

He did.

He pounded into her like a man possessed, hips pistoning, balls slapping her swollen clit with every thrust. Ella's legs shook, toes curling, tears pricking her eyes from the overwhelming pleasure-pain. Her pussy clenched around him, fluttering, so close—

Kyle felt it. Felt her tightening, heard the desperate edge in her moans. His thrusts turned erratic, deeper, harder.

"Ella—fuck—I'm gonna cum—" Kyle moaned out loud. She tried to pull off, instinct kicking in.

"Wait—Kyle—not inside—" The sense of urgency in her voice slipped but her voice was muffled. However, he didn't let her.

His arm locked around her waist like a steel band, yanking her back flush against him.

"Stay right fucking there," Kyle barked, voice ragged.

"You're taking every drop," Kyle told her.

One, two, three more brutal thrusts and he buried himself to the hilt, cock pulsing as he exploded inside her. Thick ropes of cum flooded her pussy, painting her walls, marking her from the inside.

"Fuuuck!" Ella screamed, her own orgasm crashing over her at the feel of him filling her up. Her cunt spasmed, milking him dry, juices gushing down her thighs as she shook and sobbed into the cushion.

Kyle kept her pinned, hips jerking with every aftershock, emptying everything he had into her clenching pussy. When he finally stilled, they were both trembling, sweat-slick and breathless.

He didn't pull out yet. Just leaned over her, pressing soft kisses to her shoulder blades, her spine, the back of her neck.

"You okay?" he murmured, voice rough but gentle now.

Ella let out a weak, hoarse laugh, face still buried in the cushion.

"You asshole… you just creampied me," Ella said but this very act was what made her cum.

Kyle huffed a laugh against her skin, arms tightening around her.

"Your body begged for it and I listened," Kyle teased.

She turned her head just enough to glare at him over her shoulder, but there was no heat in it—only sated, dazed grey eyes.

"I hate you." Ella blurted out.

"Liar," Kyle said before kissing the corner of her mouth.

Ella groaned, pushing back weakly against him, feeling his cum already starting to leak out around his softening cock.

"Shut up, you caveman."

He pulled her up, turned her around, and collapsed back onto the couch with her sprawled across his chest—both of them sticky, wrecked, and grinning like idiots.

The apartment smelled like sex, and neither of them gave a single fuck.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 335 - 335: We Are Back!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle lay there in the dim glow of the bedside lamp, his body slick with sweat, heart still pounding from the intensity of what had just transpired. Ella's red hair fanned out across the pillow like a fiery halo, her chest rising and falling in ragged breaths. The room smelled of their mingled scents—musk, desire, and something sweeter, like the vanilla body lotion she'd applied earlier. He hadn't planned for this to happen today, but the tension between them had been building like a storm cloud, inevitable and electric.

It started innocently enough, or at least that's what Kyle told himself. Ella had been teasing him for days, her silk shorts riding up as she moved around the apartment, her laughter a little too sharp, her glances a little too lingering. He'd caught her in the kitchen, stirring something on the stove, and when she turned to face him, the air crackled. Words were exchanged—playful at first, then heated.

The way she dressed was clear she was trying to start something, he instantly knew it might be innocent but there was no way she should be dressing like that around the house with a man present.

Before he knew it, Ella had taken control, her usual fiery temper channeling into something primal. She straddled him on the bed, her nails digging into his shoulders as she rode him like a nymphomaniac, her moans filling the room like a symphony of pent-up frustration.

"Don't you dare hold back," she'd whispered, her grey eyes locking onto his, daring him to match her intensity. Kyle had obliged, his hands gripping her hips, thrusting up to meet her rhythm. It was raw, unfiltered—years of her celibacy and his calculated restraint colliding in a explosion of raw lust. When she climaxed, her body shuddering around him, it pushed him over the edge too, a groan escaping his lips as he filled her, their bodies collapsing in a tangle of limbs.

But now, in the quiet aftermath, reality seeped back in. This wasn't just sex; it was a threshold crossed. Ella was no longer the just a roommate or Jane's friend, the reluctant ally in his chaotic life. She was part of it now—part of him. The harem, as he thought of it in his more detached moments, had grown. Jane, with her sweet vulnerability; Cassandra, steady and nurturing; Calista, cunning and a recipe for disaster; and now Ella, a whirlwind of passion and pride. It changed everything. No more tiptoeing around the unspoken attraction, no more pretending their shared space was platonic. She was his, and he was hers, in the complicated web he'd woven.

Yet, with that came the weight of division. Kyle's attention was already stretched thin. Jane needed reassurance, her insecurities flaring up with his busy schedule. Cassandra balanced motherhood with this new dynamic, her quiet strength a anchor he relied on. And Calista... well, she was a wildcard, her trending scandals a reminder that not all connections were built to last. Adding Ella meant balancing acts of affection, time, and energy. He couldn't afford to let any of them feel neglected; resentment could fester, turning love into poison just like he had seen with Jones' marriage. But how long could he juggle before something—or someone—slipped through his fingers?

More pressing, though, was the shadow of Cleopatra. Ella's estranged sister had cornered him earlier that day, her words left him uneasy even though he didn't believe she did any of this for her sister's sake.

"Look after that little brat for me," she'd said, her voice dripping with false concern. Kyle knew better. Cleopatra wasn't the type to hand out favors without strings. She'd saved his life once, tipping him off to an assassination attempt, but her motives were murky with ulterior motives for him to be indebted to her and family secrets. If Cleopatra was involved in the underworld—as her cryptic demands to kill Marcello suggested—then Ella could be a pawn. Or worse, a target. Kyle had to keep a closer eye on her now, not just for his sake, but because her blood tied her to dangers he was only beginning to understand existed.

Ella stirred beside him, her breathing still heavy from the exertion. She looked peaceful in sleep, vulnerable in a way she never allowed when awake. Kyle hesitated, then reached out, shaking her shoulder lightly. "Ella," he whispered, his voice soft but insistent.

"Wake up. We need to talk," Kyle knew they had to get to the bottom of this.

Her eyes fluttered open, hazy with post-orgasmic fog. She blinked at him, propping herself up on one elbow, the sheet slipping down to reveal the curve of her breast.

"Kyle? What time is it? Why aren't you asleep? After all that..." She trailed off, a smirk tugging at her lips, but it faded when she saw the seriousness in his eyes.

"What's wrong? You look like you've seen a ghost," Ella showed concern because Kyle was rarely serious.

Kyle sat up, leaning against the headboard, his hand lingering on her arm. The warmth of her skin grounded him.

"Nothing's wrong, exactly. But... I need to be honest with you. About us. About everything," Kyle knew to keep this harem afloat, he needed to let at least one of his women into what was going on with his life so she could help cover for him when the others started to ask questions.

Ella's brow furrowed, and she pulled the sheet up, suddenly self-conscious.

"Honest? After what we just did? If this is where you tell me it was a mistake—"

"No," he cut in quickly, squeezing her hand.

"It wasn't a mistake. Far from it. But this... changes things. You're part of my life now, in a way that's deeper than before. And I have to divide my time, my attention. There are others—Jane, Calista, Cassandra. You know that. It's not fair to any of you, but it's the truth," Kyle was being vulnerable with her, something he wasn't used to himself.

He said these words without the emotional response that should come with it but he could now fake them with accuracy thanks to his skills.

She nodded slowly, her expression a mix of understanding and wariness.

"I get it. I'm not naive, Kyle. I knew what I was getting into when I... when we..." She gestured vaguely at the rumpled sheets.

"But yeah, it's forever changed. I'm in your harem now, huh? Sounds so medieval." She laughed, but it was tinged with uncertainty.

"Just promise me you won't treat Jane like some side piece," Ella was thinking of her friend even in this situation. It was a lot easier for her to commit to Kyle because she had been celibate for a few years.

"She won't be," he assured her, pulling her closer.

"You're all important to me. But that's not all I need to talk about." He paused, choosing his words carefully. "It's about your sister. Cleopatra," Kyle knew how this could potentially be a trigger word.

Ella stiffened, her body going rigid against his.

"What about her?" Ella's tone changed the moment her lips parted and this made Kyle reconsider. Kyle took a deep breath.

"I met her. This week. She... approached me. Said some things that make me think she's not as out of your life as you think," Kyle was willing to be transparent with her as this was the best way to protect her.

Ella's eyes widened with visible disgust at what Kyle had just done.

"You what?" Ella's voice was cold but Kyle knew this was something she had to hear regardless of how she felt.

He explained as honestly as he could—Cleopatra's cryptic messages, the warning that saved his life, her demand to kill Marcello, choosing to omit the mafia details for now, to avoid overwhelming her with information.

"She asked me to protect you. Said it was for Jane's sake, but I don't buy it. There's more to it. I need to know about your relationship with her. The real story," Kyle said. Ella and Jane had told him two different versions of the same story but a story was only as good as an individual experiences them.

This was why different version existed, the memory was not so reliable after all.

Ella sighed, rolling onto her back and staring at the ceiling.

"It's complicated. We grew up in wealth, but it was tainted. Our parents... they were into shady stuff. Cleopatra embraced it, became the golden child. I rebelled, wanted out. She made sure I stayed out—froze me from the family fortune, spread lies. But protection? That's new. She never cared before," Ella was dismissive but at least, she was entertaining the conversation.

Kyle listened, piecing it together with what he knew of Cleopatra's underworld ties.

"She is into some dangerous things, Ella. I have to keep an eye on you—closer than before. I fear she might drag you all in..." Kyle muttered. Ella turned to him, her hand tracing his jaw.

"Then we'll handle it together. But no secrets, Kyle. If I'm in this harem, I'm all in. Honesty, or I walk," Ella gave him her condition. He nodded, kissing her palm.

"Deal," Byung reassured her as she drifted back to sleep, Kyle lay awake, planning how he could navigate through this situation.

He needed to get to the bottom of it all before he chooses a side because right now, everyone was hiding things from him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 336 - 336: A Leak?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle slipped out from under the tangled sheets, careful not to disturb the peaceful rhythm of Ella's breathing. The room was bathed in the soft, predawn haze filtering through the curtains, casting a gentle glow over her form. Her red hair splayed across the pillow like spilled ink, her lips slightly parted in sleep, a faint flush still coloring her cheeks from the orgasm they shared. She looked vulnerable in a way she never allowed when awake—her usual fiery armor stripped away, leaving only the woman who'd surrendered to him hours ago. Kyle paused at the edge of the bed, his hand hovering over her shoulder for a moment, tempted to wake her with a kiss or a whisper. But no. She needed rest after what they'd shared.

He dressed quietly in the dim light—jeans, a dark hoodie, sneakers—grabbing his keys and phone from the nightstand. The apartment felt too still, too intimate, as if the walls themselves were whispering judgments about the complications he'd just amplified. With one last glance at Ella, her chest rising and falling in serene oblivion, Kyle slipped out the door, locking it behind him with a soft click.

The hallway air hit him like a cold slap, grounding him in the reality waiting outside.

Stepping into the crisp evening chill, Kyle slid into his driver's seat, the engine purring to life with a low rumble that mirrored the turmoil in his gut. He pulled out onto the empty streets.

Confusion gnawed at him like a persistent itch he couldn't scratch. Nakamura's plan echoed in his mind: hop a flight to England, kidnap Marcello's daughter, use her as leverage to dismantle the mafia threat. It sounded straightforward in theory—a surgical strike to end the dangers creeping into his life. But Kyle wasn't a fool. The girl he'd encountered before—the one who'd tried to orchestrate his death—might be a spoiled brat, entitlement dripping from her every word and glare. Yet, Marcello, that calculating bastard, wouldn't have shipped her off without reason. Protection? A strategic move to keep her out of the crossfire? Kidnapping her would shatter whatever fragile peace Marcello was enforcing, forcing his hand into something drastic—retaliation that could engulf everyone Kyle cared about.

And what about the mafia's reach? Kyle's knuckles whitened on the wheel as he merged onto the highway. They could have gone for Ella already. Hell, they probably knew about her—her ties to Cleopatra, her proximity to him. It wasn't like he was some invincible guardian, a supernatural shield against bullets and blades. He was just a man with a rebate system and a knack for survival, not a god. If they wanted her, they'd take her, rules or no rules. But maybe there were rules.

Like in those old movies he used to binge—The Godfather, Goodfellas—where family was off-limits, a sacred line even monsters wouldn't cross. Was that Marcello's code? Or just Hollywood bullshit? Crossing it himself by snatching the daughter could unravel that unspoken pact, turning a cold war hot and painting targets on Jane, Cassandra, even little Jasmine.

Nakamura's angle twisted the knife deeper. Was the sly bastard setting him up? Kyle's mind raced through the possibilities as streetlights blurred past. Nakamura played the mentor, the partner, but his Yakuza roots ran deep.

Sending Kyle across the ocean for a high-risk grab screamed misdirection. What if the "shield" Nakamura promised was just bait, drawing Kyle into a trap where the families or even Cleopatra could pick him off? The rebate system had made him untouchable in wealth—billions stacking up like digital bricks—but money didn't stop a sniper's bullet or a poisoned drink. True power needed backing, alliances forged in blood and sweat before he could truly soar. Without it, he was just a rich mark waiting to be killed.

Cleopatra flickered in his thoughts like a dark flame—ruthless, enigmatic, with resources that could eclipse even Marcello's. She could be his way in, a twisted alliance to topple the mafia from within. Her demand to kill Marcello aligned with Nakamura's play, but trusting her felt like dancing with a viper. If all else failed... Kyle's stomach turned at the thought. He could use Ella and take over the power Cleopatra had maintained after their parents' passing which meant he would need to get Cleopatra out of the way.

There was only one way to do that, a bullet through the head.

He needed clarity, one final gauge of Marcello before committing. Seeing the Don face-to-face, reading the cracks in his armor—that could tip the scales. Like clockwork, as if the universe mocked his indecision, his phone rang from the cupholder. The screen lit up with an unfamiliar number, no caller ID, just a string of digits that screamed burner. Kyle's pulse quickened; he tapped the Bluetooth, the call connecting with a faint static hum.

"Hello?" His voice was steady, laced with caution.

A woman's voice filtered through—smooth, accented with a French lilt that carried authority like a well-worn crown.

[[Mr. Kyle. Or should I say, the rising star of Hollywood? This is Isabeau Delacroix. I believe you've heard of me—or at least, the family I represent,]] The voice said over the phone.

Kyle's breath caught. Isabeau—the head of the Delacroix family, one of Marcello's key allies in the mafia's fractured empire. Her name didn't ring a bell but how she presented it implied she belonged to one of the families. What the hell did she want?

"Madame Delacroix. This is unexpected. To what do I owe the pleasure?" Kyle knew he had to maintain his composure as this was the only appropriate response in such a situation. Her laugh was low, melodic, like velvet over steel.

[[Pleasure? Perhaps for you. The Dons are gathering again—urgent matters, as I'm sure your little bird Nakamura has hinted. Marcello extends an invitation. Neutral ground, tomorrow night. Come alone. We have much to discuss about your... entanglements.]] Isabeu pointed out and Kyle's heart felt like it was about to implode the moment he heard this.

Entanglements. Cleopatra? The daughter? Kyle's mind whirred— this could be the face-to-face he craved, a chance to probe Marcello's defenses. Or a trap, luring him into the lion's den.

"Why me? I'm just a producer with a side hustle," Kyle was trying his best to downplay his importance.

[[Don't play coy,]] she purred, her tone sharpening.

[[You've dipped your toes in our waters. Cleopatra's whispers reach far, and Marcello dislikes loose ends. Attend, and perhaps you'll find the backing you seek. Refuse... well...]] She didn't complete the sentence but Kyle knew exactly what she was implying.

How did she know about Cleopatra? This was the most worrying thing out of everything she had said.

The line went dead, leaving Kyle in the roar of his engine and the weight of choices.

"Yeah... I'm fucked," Kyle muttered under his breath as a coordinate appeared on his navigator.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 337 - 337: A Lie Unravels Feathers.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle sat in his car, staring at the glowing screen of his phone. The numbers stared back: $2 billion in net worth, built from scratch, he had come such a long way and this was thanks to his rebate system.

He leaned back in his leather chair, fingers drumming on the armrest. Isabeau's offer replayed in his mind—an invite to the Dons' meeting. A chance to sit at the Mafia's table. But he knew better than to jump in blind. The Mafia wasn't a game; one wrong move, and he'd end up dead.

He weighed the risks. Blending in could work, thanks to his skill. It let him act like anyone—copy their walk, talk, even their habits. He could pick a tough guy from a movie, like a calm mob boss, and slip into the role. No one would spot the fake. But death loomed large. These people killed without a second thought. If they sniffed out his lies, a bullet would end it all. He had too much to lose now.

His thoughts shifted to the women in his life. Jane, with her kind heart; Cassandra, strong and steady; Ella, fierce and new to his world and the rest of the women that were tied to him one way or another.

If he died, they would lose the safety he had built. His billions could give them homes, security, freedom. Jasmine and Cassandra's kid—they'd rise too. He'd set up funds for school, homes, a fresh start. At least his life would count for something, not just vanish like smoke.

Kyle sighed, rubbing his temples. The rebate system had made him rich, turning losses into gains. But money couldn't buy life. Power players hated threats like him—someone rising too fast. He needed allies, real backing, before he aimed higher. Cleopatra could help, with her ties. Or he could use Ella's link to her sister as a last play. But that felt wrong, like betraying trust.

He activated his rebate system and a cyan screen appeared right in front of him, it had been a while since he saw this.

It was time to act. He explored the rebate system with his bank account balance staring right at him, fingers flying over screen. He set it to transfer everything to Jane if he died—she was the one he trusted most, steady and true. No splits; she'd share fairly. It felt right, a safety net. He hit save, then stood.

it would make no sense for him to make all this money and die with it with no trace of it in the world especially in the lives of those he cared about.

Kyle grabbed his jacket from the backseat, heart pounding. It was time. He drove to meet someone before the showdown which took approximately three hours, a hidden spot in the city outskirts.

Guards nodded him in, eyes sharp. He was going to meet someone and the person who waited for him in that location was someone familiar.

-

In the dimly lit back room of a nondescript warehouse on the city's edge, the air hung thick with cigar smoke and tension. Marcello Vescari paced slowly, his polished shoes clicking against the concrete floor like the ticking of a bomb. The other family heads sat around a scarred oak table—Viktor Sokolov slouched in his chair, his massive frame dwarfing the seat, a fresh bruise blooming on his knuckles from some recent "interrogation"; Lucius Moretti, the Italian with the fedora tipped low over his eyes, nursing a glass of aged scotch; and the others, their faces etched with frowns.

Isabeau Delacroix perched at the end, her elegant black dress a stark contrast to the gritty surroundings, her fingers drumming lightly on the table's edge.

The meeting had been called in haste, sparked by Viktor's gruff report of his encounter with Kyle.

"The kid held his own," Viktor had growled earlier, his Russian accent thick as gravel.

"But he mentioned a mole. Pointed right at me, like he knew something," Viktor continued. Marcello had frozen then, his sharp eyes narrowing. Kyle wasn't just some entertainment upstart dipping into their drug trade; now, he was a potential leak, a crack in their armored empire. The conversation with Viktor hadn't been random—it reeked of probing, of someone looking for cracks.

If Kyle was the mole, feeding info to rivals like Cleopatra or even the Yakuza tied to Nakamura, then inviting him here could be their chance to plug the hole. Permanently. Marcello stopped pacing, his voice low and commanding.

"We bring him in. Test him. If he's clean, he walks—maybe even deeper into the fold. If not..." He let the words hang, his hand slicing the air like a blade. The room nodded in grim agreement. Preparations began swiftly: Viktor barked orders to his men outside, positioning snipers on the rooftops overlooking the approach roads—hidden eyes with silenced rifles, ready to drop Kyle if he showed with backup. Lucius coordinated the ground team, a dozen enforcers blending into the shadows around the warehouse, armed with concealed pistols and knives.

"No loose ends," Lucius muttered, checking his own weapon. The Irish O'Rourke head, silent but watchful.

This might seem too much for one man but if he knew what they suspected he did, he wasn't an ordinary man.

They were all getting ready for tomorrow and knew Kyle stood no chance at surviving.

Isabeau listened, her face a mask of cool composure, but inside, her mind raced like a storm.

"How does he know?" The surprise hit her first, a sharp jolt in her chest when Viktor recounted Kyle's words.

Isabeau's involvement with Cleopatra was her deepest secret—a web of quiet alliances, favors traded in the dark to undermine Marcello's grip while maintaining her facade of loyalty. Cleopatra had been careful; she wasn't the type to slip. Their partnership stretched back years, born from shared ambitions after Isabeau's husband "fell" in that convenient hit, paving her path to power.

No loose lips, no trails. Yet Kyle's jab at Viktor felt too pointed, too close to the fractures she'd helped widen. Did he have proof? Or was it a bluff, a lucky guess from a Hollywood kid playing gangster?

She couldn't risk it. As the others debated entry points and interrogation tactics—Viktor suggesting his "special tools" to extract the truth, Marcello opting for subtlety first—Isabeau's thoughts sharpened to a plan. She had to get to Kyle before he reached the table. If he spilled even a hint of her role, the Dons' trust in her would waver.

Marcello might believe her denials at first—years of loyalty bought that much—but proof? Documents, recordings, a witness? That led straight to trial in their code: a quick vote, then execution. And it wasn't just a bullet to the head either, body would be dumped in the river, her family erased from the books. No mercy for betrayal.

Excusing herself under the pretense of a call, Isabeau slipped into a side room, her heels echoing softly. She dialed a burner phone, her voice a whisper of steel.

"Intercept him en route. Quietly. Bring him to the safehouse first—no marks, no noise. I need to talk to him before Marcello does," Her contact grunted affirmation; a team of three shadows, loyal only to her, would tail Kyle's path to pick him up. the goal wasn't to kill him otherwise that in itself would raise questions. She'd probe him in a place of her choosing to see just how much he knew, alone: What do you know? How much? Proof or bluff? If he had dirt on her Cleopatra, she'd silence him— a quick toxin, staged as a heart attack. Clean. If not, she'd feed him lies, send him to Marcello softened, her secrets intact.

Back at the table, as preparations wrapped—guards in place, the warehouse rigged like a fortress—Isabeau rejoined, her smile flawless. Marcello nodded at her.

"You good?" She met his eyes, voice steady.

"Always." But inside, the clock ticked. Kyle was coming.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 338 - 338: Meeting With Cleopatra.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle pulled up to the wrought-iron gates of the estate, the engine of his sedan idling softly as armed guards in crisp black suits eyed him through the tinted windows. The place sprawled like a fortress disguised as luxury—high stone walls topped with razor wire, floodlights sweeping the manicured lawns, and what looked like sniper nests perched on the rooftops. Someone might mistake it for a military official's retreat, complete with helipad and armored vehicles parked discreetly in the distance. Kyle's grip tightened on the wheel. How many such strongholds did Cleopatra own? This wasn't her main mansion; it felt like a backup lair, one of many in her web of hidden assets. He flashed the code Isabeau had texted him, and the gates swung open with a hydraulic whisper.

A guard escorted him inside, the man's hand never straying far from his holstered pistol. The foyer gleamed with marble floors and crystal chandeliers, but the air hummed with security—cameras in every corner, subtle alarms blinking red. Kyle's pulse quickened; this wasn't a casual meet. As they approached a set of double doors leading to a private dining room, he braced for Isabeau. But when the doors parted, revealing a long oak table set for two under soft ambient lighting, it wasn't the French mafia head waiting. It was Cleopatra, lounging at the far end in a simple white robe, her dark hair damp and loose around her shoulders.

Kyle froze mid-step, the guard melting back into the shadows. Cleopatra looked up, her lips curving into a pleased smile that didn't reach her calculating eyes.

"Kyle. You came." She set down a glass of red wine, gesturing to the seat across from her.

"I'm glad you took me up on the offer. Though I have to admit, I didn't expect you so soon," Cleopatra admitted.

He moved forward cautiously, lowering himself into the chair. The table held platters of fresh fruit, cheeses, and artisanal bread—simple, elegant, like she hosted unexpected guests often.

"This isn't what I expected," Kyle said, scanning the room for exits.

"How many places like this do you have? It looks like a president's bunker," Kyle couldn't help but ask her this all important question.

She chuckled softly, leaning back in her chair with an arrogant smirk, looking right at Kyle.

"Enough to stay ahead. Power demands options." Cleopatra boasted. The estate's guards patrolled outside the windows, their silhouettes visible against the twilight. It screamed fortified wealth, not just a home but a command center. Kyle wondered if government ties explained the setup—bribes, alliances, or sheer influence making it untouchable. But he was beginning to understand why Nakamura was more cautious around her than the Mafia.

As he settled, the first thing that hit him was her scent: fresh, like citrus and clean linen, as if she'd just stepped from a shower. Her skin glowed under the light, dewy and unmarked, no trace of the near-fatal ambush she'd survived. She couldn't have known he was coming; the invite from Isabeau had been last-minute, and Cleopatra had only left that vague door open in their prior talk. Yet here she was, composed and ready, like she'd anticipated every move.

Cleopatra met his gaze directly, her eyes sharp and unyielding. She showed no sign of someone who'd dodged death— no tremor, no shadows under her eyes. It was her norm, this brush with violence, a life where hits and counterstrikes were Tuesday's agenda. Kyle hated to admit it, but she looked stunning without the dark gothic makeup that had defined their first meetings. Her natural face was striking: high cheekbones, full lips bare of color, skin flawless and warm-toned. No heavy eyeliner or pale foundation to hide behind—just raw allure that drew his stare longer than intended. He blinked, forcing his focus back.

"I'm surprised you came," she said, tilting her head. "Did things not work out with Ella?"

Kyle frowned, caught off guard. "What do you mean by that?"

She leaned forward slightly, her robe shifting just enough to hint at the curve beneath. "Don't play dumb. I know you want to fuck my sister," Cleopatra said in a knowing tone. It was obvious from the footage she had gotten from the CCTV camera, there was sexual attraction between those two.

He paused, the words hitting like a gut punch. His mind flashed to last night: Ella's body arching under him, her nails raking his back as he thrust deep, the flashback was intense considering he could recall every little detail meaning he could relive the moment right down to the feelings and sensation it incurred.

Cleopatra's grin widened, predatory and knowing. She leaned in closer, elbows on the table, her voice a teasing whisper. "Or... have you already?"

His silence stretched a beat too long, answering for him. She sat back, satisfied, but Kyle cleared his throat, steering hard.

"That's not why I'm here. I met Viktor. He tested me—attacked, like sizing up a threat but I think I might have messed up," Kyle paused briefly.

Cleopatra's expression shifted to confusion, her brows knitting.

"Viktor? A head family reaching out to you? That's odd. Why would he bother with something so silly?" Cleopatra blurted out.

Her eyes narrowed, interest piqued, but before she could probe, her phone buzzed on the table. She glanced at the screen, then stood with fluid grace.

"Excuse me a moment." She excused herself smoothly, slipping through a side door, her robe trailing like a whisper. Kyle couldn't help but sneak a peak ay her round buttocks walking away wondering how someone so evil could have this physique.

Kyle waited, tension coiling in his gut. He had no clue why she'd left, but unknown to him, it was the call with Isabeau—plotting in hushed tones about his approach as they were still in league, her secrets teetering on exposure.

And it became clear Isabeu had asked Cleopatra to keep him here but what was the agreement they reached?

She returned shortly, composure intact, sliding back into her seat as if nothing happened. "Now, where were we?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 339 - 339: Hostage?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle leaned back in his chair, the polished wood creaking slightly under his weight as he studied Cleopatra across the table. The room's ambient lighting cast long shadows over her face, but he pressed on with the discussion they'd started before her abrupt phone call. "We need a solid plan against the Mafia," he said, his voice steady but probing.

"Marcello's gathering the families—that's our window. Hit their supply lines first, maybe leak intel to rivals like the Yakuza. Disrupt their unity before they solidify power. What do you think? You've got the connections; we could coordinate strikes on their key assets," Kyle suggested.

Cleopatra sat motionless, her wine glass untouched on the table, the deep red liquid swirling faintly from an earlier stir. She didn't respond. Her eyes, usually sharp and commanding, now stared at a fixed point on the tablecloth, distant and unyielding. Kyle paused mid-sentence, his words trailing off. He'd seen her composed through threats and near-death experiences, but this was different—rigid shoulders, a subtle tension in her jaw, fingers interlaced so tightly her knuckles paled. It wasn't fear; it was calculation, like a predator deciding whether to pounce or retreat. He set his own glass down with a deliberate clink, breaking the silence.

"Cleopatra? What's going on? You were all in a minute ago, but now..." He gestured vaguely at her, leaning forward to catch her gaze. "That call—who was it? Your demeanor changed the second you came back."

She blinked slowly, as if pulling herself from a deep thought, and met his eyes at last. The shift was subtle but unmistakable: a hardening, like steel forging in fire. There was no warmth, no flirtation from earlier. Kyle's instincts flared—this wasn't the woman who'd teased him about Ella moments ago. She exhaled, her voice even but laced with an edge.

"It was Isabeau Delacroix. Head of one of Marcello's families. She's sent men to retrieve you," Cleopatra muttered casually.

Kyle's heart skipped a beat, his body tensing instinctively because this was the same woman that had called him.

"Retrieve me? What the hell does she want?" He scanned the room again, noting the closed doors and the faint hum of security outside. Trapped—that word echoed in his mind. He couldn't bolt even if he tried; her guards would swarm like ants on sugar.

Cleopatra tilted her head slightly, her expression unchanging—cool, almost detached, as if discussing the weather rather than his potential capture. She studied him for a beat, then continued without evasion.

"You really didn't know, did you? Isabeau's the mole in Marcello's circle. She's been feeding me scraps for years, undermining him from within. Our partnership's old—built on mutual gain. But she called because of you. Whatever you said to Viktor tipped her off. She thinks you know too much about her role," Cleopatra was transparent because she had the means to end Kyle's life now if she thought him to be a bigger threat.

Kyle's mind raced, piecing it together. The conversation with Viktor—the probing questions, the subtle accusations of betrayal. He hadn't named Isabeau, but his hints at a Russian-linked mole must have rippled back to her.

"And now she's coming for me? To what, silence me before I talk?" Kyle questioned.

Cleopatra nodded once, her posture unchanging—back straight, hands folded in her lap like a queen on a throne.

"She's agreed to help me kill Marcello. In exchange, I deliver you. That's enough incentive for me to keep you here until her men arrive." Her tone was matter-of-fact, no apology, no glee—just business.

Kyle saw it clearly now: she viewed him as a pawn, useful until expended. The alliance they'd danced around was fragile, and this call had shifted her priorities. He stood abruptly, chair scraping against the floor with a harsh grind.

"This is bullshit. I'm not some package to hand over." His voice rose, but Cleopatra remained seated, unmoved, her eyes tracking him with mild interest, like observing a caged animal testing its bars. She didn't flinch, didn't call for guards. That calm fueled his unease—she held all the cards here.

Before he could pace or demand an exit, the double doors burst open with a heavy thud. Four men strode in, broad-shouldered and clad in dark tactical gear, hands resting on holstered pistols at their hips. Their faces were stone masks, eyes locked on Kyle.

"Come with us," the lead one grunted, his voice flat and commanding. "No trouble."

Kyle's heart slammed against his ribs. He assessed in a flash—four armed, him unarmed, no clear path out. Cleopatra's demeanor hadn't shifted; she sat poised, watching like this was a scripted play.

In a surge of adrenaline, he lunged toward her, grabbing her arm and yanking her up from the chair. She came easily—too easily, her body yielding without resistance, like she'd anticipated the move and allowed it. He spun her in front of him, one arm locking around her waist, the other snatching a pen from the table and pressing its sharp tip against her throat.

"Back off!" he barked at the men, his voice echoing in the room. "One step, and she bleeds."

The guards halted, confusion flickering across their faces—eyes darting between Kyle and their boss, hands twitching toward guns but not drawing. They exchanged glances, unsure, as if this wasn't in the playbook. Cleopatra, pinned against him, didn't struggle. Her pulse thrummed steady under his grip, no panic, just a faint amusement in her posture—head tilted slightly, body relaxed in his hold.

Kyle pressed the pen harder, a bluff but desperate. "Let me pass, or I end this now."

But then, a red dot appeared on his forehead, dancing like a laser pointer from hell. He glanced up—a sniper's aim through the window, beam steady and lethal. The guards smirked, tension easing as they realized the upper hand. Cleopatra's voice came low, unruffled, her breath warm against his ear.

"Pointless, Kyle. Kill me, and you still don't walk out. My men have orders—your escape isn't among those order," Cleopatra didn't flinch at the pen's prick, her tone casual, like discussing dinner plans.

"Drop it. This changes nothing," Cleopatra added.

Kyle's grip faltered, the red dot a burning reminder of his trap. He was cornered, outgunned, and outplayed—stuck in a web he'd walked into willingly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 340 - 340: Trapped Like A Mouse [18+]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle stood frozen in the opulent dining room, the pen pressed firmly against Cleopatra's throat, his arm locked around her waist like a vice. The guards hovered at the threshold, their pistols half-drawn, eyes darting between him and their boss. The red dot from the sniper's laser sight danced steadily on his forehead, a silent promise of instant death. His heart hammered in his chest, but he held his ground, breath ragged.

"Back off," he growled again, his voice echoing off the marble walls. "I mean it."

Cleopatra, pinned against him, didn't flinch. Her body remained relaxed in his grip, her damp hair brushing his cheek, that fresh shower scent—citrus and clean skin—wafting up like a taunt. She tilted her head ever so slightly, as if the makeshift weapon at her neck was nothing more than a mild inconvenience because she could easily take care of Kyle if she really wanted to.

Then, with a subtle smirk curling her lips, she raised one hand in a slow, deliberate gesture.

"Lower your weapons," she commanded, her voice smooth and unhurried. The guards hesitated for a split second, confusion flickering in their eyes, but they obeyed, holstering their guns with mechanical precision.

"Now leave us," she added, waving them off like dismissing servants at a dinner party as this was to remind Kyle she had the power to take his life if she wishes.

The men filed out without a word, the door clicking shut behind them, sealing the room in tense silence. Kyle's grip loosened just a fraction in surprise—why back down? She had him dead to rights; a single shot from that sniper would end it. The red dot vanished from his skin, as if on cue. He exhaled sharply, relief flooding him for a brief moment. She needed him alive—that much was clear. Maybe for leverage against Marcello, or some twisted game only she understood. His mind raced: escape routes, distractions, anything to turn the tables.

But in the blink of an eye, everything flipped. Cleopatra moved like liquid lightning—her head snapped back with brutal force, the crown of her skull slamming into his nose in a sickening crunch. Pain exploded across his face, stars bursting in his vision as blood trickled warm down his lip. He recoiled instinctively, staggering back a step, his hold on her breaking.

Before he could recover, she twisted in his grasp, her hand shooting out to seize his wrist in a ironclad lock. With a fluid yank, she wrenched his arm behind his back, using his momentum against him. She drove forward, slamming his chest into the table's edge, then pressed down hard, forcing his cheek flat against the cool wood. The pen clattered to the floor.

Kyle gasped, shock ripping through him. How was she this strong? She'd been formidable in their scuffle at the mansion, but this was different—sharper, more precise, like she'd honed her edge in the dark since then or she wasn't taking him seriously.

Her body pinned him from behind, one knee digging into his thigh for leverage, her free hand gripping the back of his neck to keep his head locked in place. He struggled, muscles straining, but she held firm, not through raw power alone but skill—leverage points exploited, joints twisted just enough to immobilize without breaking.

"Got you," she whispered, her breath hot against his ear, voice laced with something dark and thrilled. Kyle's skin crawled; she wasn't angry or threatened—she was aroused. The press of her body against his back shifted subtly, her hips grinding in a slow, deliberate circle, rubbing against him with intent. He felt the heat of her through their clothes, her robe slipping open just enough to tease bare skin.

"Mmm, feel that? Even when you're soft... you're impressive." Her free hand trailed down his side, bold and uninvited, cupping his crotch through his pants. She squeezed gently, smirking at the size even flaccid. Kyle tensed, a mix of revulsion and unwanted heat surging through him—this was wrong, twisted.

He bucked hard, trying to throw her off, but she anticipated it, twisting his arm higher until pain shot through his shoulder.

"Shocked? I've trained for this life," she murmured, her lips brushing his earlobe.

"Stronger now. And you... you're turning me on with all this resistance." She bit her lip, eyes gleaming with hunger. Beautiful, resourceful, untouchable—Cleopatra could have any man with a snap of her fingers, her wealth buying loyalty or lust. But she craved the chase, the ones who resisted, who she couldn't own outright. Standing behind him, arm yanked painfully, head pinned, she slid her hand bolder now—unzippering his pants, fingers delving in to wrap around his cock.

"Is this the monster you put in my sister?" she purred, stroking slow, her grip firm and teasing.

Kyle's mind reeled, shock turning to fury. What the hell was wrong with her? He was trapped, fighting for escape, and she was groping him without consent? All he could think was survival—doors, guards, that sniper—but her touch invaded, unwanted and perverse. She loved the struggle, her breath quickening as he twisted. This woman was broken, fucked up beyond repair. If he gave in, even a little, he'd never face Ella again—betraying the trust they'd built in that sweat-soaked bed.

With a surge of adrenaline, he finally broke free—elbow jabbing back into her ribs, using the table for leverage to shove her off. He jumped away, zipping up fast, putting the table between them. Chest heaving, he glared at her.

Cleopatra straightened, robe disheveled but smile intact—disgusting, triumphant. She raised her hand to her mouth, licking her fingers slow, eyes locked on his.

"Delicious," she murmured, savoring the taste like victory.

Kyle's stomach turned. In that instant, regret crashed over him—he'd walked into the spider's web, and now the threads tightened. Coming here was his biggest mistake yet.

"Don't worry, Kyle. I won't let her kill you. You have my word but you have to go," Cleopatra reassured him, taking a sip of the wine on the table.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 341 - 341: Freedom To Captive [FIXED]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle stood there in the opulent dining room, chest heaving from the scuffle, his back against the wall as he eyed Cleopatra warily. She'd straightened her robe with casual grace, that predatory smile still playing on her lips, her fingers glistening from where she'd licked them. The air felt thick, charged with the remnants of her unwanted advance—her hand in his pants, stroking him against his will, her breath hot on his ear as she whispered perversions. He wiped blood from his nose, the metallic tang sharp on his tongue, but his mind raced far beyond the pain. Escape? Impossible. Guards lurked just outside, the sniper's dot could reappear any second, and Cleopatra held all the cards here. Resisting meant death—swift, messy, final. He had no weapon, no backup, no way out alive if he fought back now. He knew he could call her bluff but it was something worth risking right now.

He lowered his hands slowly, signaling surrender, his body slumping against the wall as acceptance washed over him. There was no choice but to give in to her demand, whatever twisted game she played next. She'd backed off for now, but her eyes gleamed with control. Kyle's thoughts spun: Cleopatra had tasked him with protecting Ella, her own sister. Killing him outright made no sense—it would undo her own orders, leave Ella exposed. No, she needed him breathing, useful, a pawn in her larger scheme against Marcello even if it was to get Isabeau on her side. But that didn't mean she wouldn't toy with him, break him down until he bent to her will. His bluff about the mole—thrown out to Viktor in desperation—had snowballed into truth. Isabeau, the French family head, was the betrayer, leaking secrets to Cleopatra. It explained her urgency to "retrieve" him; she must think he was heading to Marcello to expose her. Everything aligned too perfectly, like fate mocking him. Kyle couldn't believe his luck—or curse. A random probe had uncovered the rot at the Mafia's core. If Kyle could use this to shape his narrative, he could get closer to Marcello's threat.

Isabeau wouldn't kill him outright, he reasoned, rubbing his sore wrist where Cleopatra had twisted it. Doing so would spark questions—why eliminate a nobody like him? It would point fingers back at her, fuel suspicion in Marcello's ranks. No, she needed him to clear the air, spin a tale that shifted blame elsewhere. A fall guy. Viktor came to mind—the brutal Russian, Marcello's most trusted enforcer, with his metal teeth and bloodlust. Taking him out would solve it: pin the mole label on Viktor, let Isabeau "uncover" it through Kyle's " intel." It weakened Marcello, sowed chaos, and kept Isabeau's hands clean. Kyle saw the play—brilliant, ruthless. If he played along, he might walk out alive, even turn this to his advantage. Resist? She'd fabricate proof of his betrayal, execute him as a loose end. No trial, just a body in the river. There was a high chance his body would never be found and everyone would assume he ran away even though he would have more to lose by doing so seeing as he was in charge of an empire with vast wealth.

There was no way he would abandon all of that even if the Mafia had shown interest in him but Kyle knew all of this was nearing a conclusion so he would soon be able to return to his life.

Kyle was an equally influencial man that would do more good on their side than dead but something told Kyle that killing Marcello wouldn't be the end of this.

If Isabeau took over the Mafia, there was a strong chance she would be a thumb under Cleopatra, giving this sociopathic bitch even more power.

This was the worse-case scenario but there was also a chance that Nakamura would be a worse choice.

He sank into the chair, defeat settling like a weight on his shoulders. The table still held the untouched platters of food, mocking the normalcy they'd pretended at earlier. Cleopatra watched him from her seat, legs crossed, robe slightly askew to reveal a glimpse of thigh—deliberate, always deliberate. "Smart choice," she said softly, her voice a silken thread.

"Sit tight. Isabeau's men will be here soon."

Kyle nodded numbly, his mind dissecting every angle. Being hauled to Isabeau felt like jumping from fire to furnace, but it beat staying caged with Cleopatra. Her touch still lingered on his skin, a violation that twisted his gut—her hand wrapping around him, stroking slow while he struggled, her lips at his ear murmuring how his fight excited her. She was unhinged, a beautiful monster with endless resources, craving what she couldn't conquer. Facing Isabeau meant questions, maybe torture, but also a shot at negotiation. Here? Cleopatra could toy with him indefinitely, her whims law in this fortress as this was her world.

No, Isabeau's "cage" offered variables—leverage if he played the mole card right.

Isabeau didn't know him beyond the information he held and something told him Cleopatra must have spoken about him which was why Isabeau knew to call her to ask about him.

And if she knew what she did, why didn't she report to the other heads and out him as the mole once and for all?

Minutes dragged like hours. Cleopatra sipped her wine, unperturbed, her eyes flicking to him now and then with that same hungry gleam. The door remained shut, but he heard faint footsteps outside—guards shifting, waiting.

Finally, a sharp knock echoed. Cleopatra rose smoothly, waving in the newcomers without a word. Three men entered, clad in dark suits, faces hard and expressionless, pistols holstered at their sides. Isabeau's crew—efficient, no nonsense.

The lead one nodded at Cleopatra. "Package secure?"

She inclined her head. "He's yours. Handle with care— he's... valuable." Her gaze lingered on Kyle, a smirk tugging her lips.

There was clear perversion in her eyes but Kyle had to toughen up, this couldn't be the thing to rattle him.

Kyle stood without protest, hands visible to avoid triggers. Relief mixed with dread as they flanked him—no cuffs, but their presence screamed control. He glanced back at Cleopatra one last time. She watched with keen interest, leaning against the table, arms crossed over her chest.

"Good luck, Kyle," she murmured, her tone laced with amusement. "You've proven quite the asset. Who knew you'd sway Isabeau so easily?"

He didn't respond, letting the men lead him out. The estate's halls blurred as they marched him to a waiting black SUV, doors opening with a click. Inside, the leather seats smelled of polish and faint gun oil. As the vehicle pulled away, gates swinging open, Kyle exhaled. Out of one web, into another—but alive. Cleopatra's parting words echoed: he'd become the key, unwittingly pushing Isabeau to act against Marcello. Now, to survive the next cage and turn it to his gain.

Kyle mulled Isabeau's play deep. Her men hauled him—better than Cleopatra's grip. But what next? She needed him to clear suspicion, spin Viktor as mole. Bluff turned fact; luck or curse?

Kyle weighed Isabeau's move hard. Hauled from Cleopatra's estate, cuffed in the back seat, he replayed her words. Mole fear drove her—Viktor's talk sparked it. He couldn't see anything, they had thrown a bag over his head to prevent him from seeing where they were taking him.

A standard protocol, Kyle knew it was best to remain calm in this situation, he was safe for now but he replayed all the combat skills he had learned.

This wasn't John Wick, all it would take to kill him was one bullet, there was no escaping that fate as all of these men were trained killers.

Their aim would definitely not be like that of an untrained guard like movies portrayed so Kyle knew this wasn't the time to resist.

She couldn't kill him—suspicion spikes. Needed him to name another. Viktor was the most likely one and clearly the most dangerous Mafia.

There was no way someone with the nickname of butcher would be anything but dangerous, he was big but also fast however Kyle couldn't help it.

He was glad he had instructed his system to transfer his entire wealth to Jane should something happen to him so this was something that would work out in their favor,

But the thought of Cleopatra grabbing him lingered, he had no idea what she wanted with him or if anything she said regarding Ellla was true.

One thing he knew for certain, he couldn't be having someone that derange in his harem, even if it was a long shot.

It was a shot he never planned to take or initiate.

The SUV sped through the street and Kyle paid attention to every turn and stops, even though he knew there would be some 'false' turns mixed in there.

None of it mattered thanks to the skills he had been blessed with by the system.

"I will not be dying today," Kyle muttered under his breath.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 342 - 342: Kyle Meets Isabeau!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle sat rigid in the back of the SUV, a black cloth bag cinched over his head, his hands zip-tied behind him with plastic cutting into his wrists. The world reduced to sound and motion—the rumble of the engine, the hiss of tires on asphalt, the occasional murmur of voices from the front seats in French-accented English too low to parse. He focused on the turns, committing each one to memory like a lifeline. Left out of Cleopatra's estate gates. Straight for what felt like two minutes—maybe a mile at city speeds. Right turn, sharper, the SUV tilting slightly. Another straight stretch, longer this time, the engine's hum steady. He counted heartbeats to gauge distance, a trick he'd absorbed from some survival documentary months ago when the rebate system first gifted him perfect recall.

But even as he mapped the route in his mind—left again, then a gradual curve suggesting a highway on-ramp—Kyle knew it was futile. If Isabeau's people decided to put a bullet in his skull, no amount of memorized turns would save him. He didn't have immortality, no cheat code for resurrection. The rebate system made him rich, gave him skills, turned losses into gains—but it couldn't stop lead tearing through his brain. One trigger pull, and Kyle was done. The thought sat heavy in his chest, a cold stone pressing down with each bump in the road.

The SUV decelerated after what felt like twenty minutes—highway exit, maybe, the turn gradual and smooth. More stop-and-go now, traffic lights or intersections. Kyle's breathing slowed, forced calm through his nose. Panic was a luxury he couldn't afford. He ran simulations: best case, Isabeau wanted intel, a negotiation. Worst case, execution in a soundproof room, body dumped where it'd never surface. The middle ground—torture for information—loomed most likely. His jaw tightened. He'd have to sell the Viktor angle hard, make himself indispensable but this play might not work because Isabeau had done herself in with this move even if he didn't know she was the mole.

Finally, the SUV stopped, engine cutting to silence. Doors opened with hollow clunks. Muffled voices surrounded the vehicle—multiple people, footsteps on pavement, the scrape of boots. Kyle tensed, expecting rough hands to yank him out, but when they came, the grip on his biceps was surprisingly gentle. Firm enough to guide, not brutal.

"Easy now," a voice said in accented English, almost apologetic. He was lifted to his feet, steadied when he swayed from sitting cramped. Interesting. Not the treatment of a dead man walking. More like... a guest under duress.

They led him forward, shoes clicking on what sounded like tile or polished concrete. The air shifted—cooler, recycled, the faint hum of HVAC systems. Indoors. A building, not some warehouse kill floor. The hand on his arm steered him left, then through a doorway; he heard the soft whoosh of a door closing behind him, sealing off the outside world. The bag stayed on, his pulse thudding in his ears. Then, without warning, it was yanked off.

Kyle blinked hard against the sudden flood of light—fluorescent overhead, harsh and clinical. He stood in what looked like the back office of a corporate suite: neat desk against one wall, filing cabinets, a leather couch to the side. No windows, but the walls were painted a soothing cream, the floor immaculate hardwood that gleamed under the lights. Fresh cleaning smell—lemon and bleach—hung in the air. She'd prepped this space. Meticulously. For him.

The man who'd pulled the bag off stepped back, hands raised in a placating gesture. Mid-forties, buzz cut, the build of ex-military gone soft at the edges.

"Apologies for the inconvenience, Mr. Kyle," he said, his tone practiced, smooth.

"We're just following protocol. You're not a captive here—this is for everyone's safety. Madame will be with you shortly." He gestured to a chair facing the desk.

"Please, sit."

Kyle didn't move, testing the waters. His wrists were still bound, though the zip-tie was loose enough not to cut circulation—deliberate restraint, not cruelty.

"Protocol, huh?" he said flatly, voice steady despite the adrenaline still buzzing through his veins.

"Funny protocol, bagging a guy's head and hauling him across town."

The man's expression didn't shift, professionally blank. "Madame's orders. She values discretion." He nodded once more toward the chair, then retreated to the door, stationing himself there like a silent sentinel.

Kyle exhaled slowly and moved to the chair, lowering himself into it. The leather creaked under his weight. He scanned the room with deliberate care—no cameras visible, but that meant nothing. The desk was clear except for a sleek laptop, closed. Filing cabinets locked. The couch positioned as if for casual meetings, not interrogations. This wasn't a torture chamber; it was a stage. Isabeau wanted to talk, not terrorize. At least, not yet. The restraints were theater, a reminder of who held power while maintaining plausible civility. Kyle filed it away: she's trying to be on my good side. Smart. Manipulative.

He couldn't move freely, but his mind raced free. If she wanted him dead, he'd be dead already—Cleopatra would've handed him over in a body bag, not gift-wrapped with apologies. No, Isabeau needed something. Information, probably. Confirmation that he wasn't about to blow her cover to Marcello. Or maybe she wanted to turn him, use him as a double agent. Either way, Kyle had leverage if he played it right. The Viktor card sat ready in his pocket, metaphorically speaking.

The door creaked open again, and the air shifted—something intoxicating wafted in, rich and floral with undertones of bergamot and vanilla. Exotic, expensive, the kind of perfume that announced wealth before its wearer even appeared. Kyle's nostrils flared, catching it, and he couldn't help the smirk tugging at his lips. He turned his head toward the scent, anticipation sparking despite the danger.

"You must be Isabeau," he said, his voice calm, almost playful, as his eyes locked onto the woman stepping through the doorway.

She was stunning. Not in the raw, predatory way Cleopatra commanded attention, but with a polished elegance that screamed European refinement. Tall—maybe five-nine in heels that clicked softly on the hardwood—she moved with the grace of someone born into power, not just wielding it. Her dark hair was swept into a sleek chignon, a few artful strands framing a face that could've graced a Parisian runway: sharp cheekbones, full lips painted a muted rose, eyes like dark honey that assessed him with cool calculation. She wore a tailored navy suit, the blazer cinched at the waist to accentuate her figure—flat-chested, as Kyle vaguely recalled from some briefing, but she carried herself with such poise that it didn't matter. Sex appeal radiated off her in waves, subtle but undeniable, the kind that came from confidence and control.

Kyle kept his expression neutral, the smirk fading into something more guarded. What did he expect from a European power player? She was another Cleopatra, potentially—beautiful, dangerous, wielding charm like a weapon. He had to stay composed, not let her allure cloud his judgment. The fact that she'd contacted Cleopatra directly, coordinated this whole snatch, screamed alliance. Long-standing, probably. They had history. He could use it.

Isabeau's gaze swept over him—lingering just a second too long on his bound wrists, then meeting his eyes—before she crossed to the desk, settling into the chair behind it with practiced ease. She didn't speak immediately, letting the silence stretch, a power play. Kyle waited, refusing to squirm. Finally, she folded her hands on the desk, leaning forward slightly, her voice smooth as silk.

"You must know why you're here," she said. No preamble, no pleasantries. Straight to the point. Kyle appreciated that—wasted time benefited no one.

He held her gaze, unflinching. "I do," he replied, his tone equally direct. "It's because I know who the mole is."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 343 - 343: She Is Even Crazier!? [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Isabeau's eyes narrowed, suspicion flickering across her refined features like a candle flame in a draft. She leaned back in her chair, fingers steepled beneath her chin, studying Kyle with the intensity of a jeweler examining a stone for flaws. He could see the wheels turning behind those honey-dark eyes—calculating, probing, trying to discern if he was a threat or an opportunity. Kyle knew he had to stay cheeky, keep the upper hand even zip-tied to a chair with his fate dangling by a thread. A smirk tugged at the corner of his mouth, deliberately cocky, the kind of expression that said he knew more than he was letting on.

"I told you I know who the mole is," Kyle said, his tone light, almost conversational, as if they were discussing the weather over coffee. "Never said it was you, did I?" He let the words hang, watching her reaction closely. The subtle shift in her posture—spine straightening just a fraction, shoulders tensing—told him he'd hooked her curiosity. "So... who is it?" Isabeau asked, her voice smooth but edged with controlled urgency. She didn't lean forward, didn't betray desperation, but the question came too quickly. Kyle had her attention now.

He couldn't give it up easily. Information was the only currency he had left, and spending it all at once would leave him bankrupt. They were alone in this sterile little office—no guards hovering, no audience to perform for. That granted Kyle a level of comfort, a slim margin of safety. Someone as elegant as Isabeau, draped in Parisian tailoring and expensive perfume, wouldn't want to stain her manicured hands with his blood. At least, not directly. She'd delegate the dirty work if it came to that. But right now, in this moment, he had leverage.

Kyle sighed theatrically and let his gaze drift up to the ceiling tiles, as if contemplating some deep philosophical truth. The power was in his hands despite the plastic biting into his wrists, despite the bullet-sized hole his life could fall through. He dragged the silence out, forcing her to wait, before finally lowering his eyes back to hers.

"Isabeau," he began, his voice dropping to a quieter register, intimate almost, "I wonder... does Marcello know you're in league with Cleopatra?"

Her body remained composed—too composed. Not a flinch, not a blink. But Kyle had spent enough time reading people to catch the microscopic tells: the faint tightening around her jaw, the way her fingers pressed just a bit harder together. Bingo. He pressed on, words flowing with calculated ease.

"Because, see, killing me? That'd be futile. Dumb, even." He shrugged as much as his restraints allowed. "I've made preparations. Dead man's switch, you could call it. Evidence of your little alliance with Cleopatra—messages, photos, timelines—all set to reach Marcello if I don't check in. Automatic. No stopping it." It was a bluff, mostly. Kyle had no such failsafe in place, but she didn't need to know that. Confidence sold lies as well as truth.

Isabeau's lips curved into a thin smile, more predatory than amused. She unfolded her hands and waved one dismissively, as if swatting away a fly. "Kill you? Oh, Kyle, you misunderstand. I have no intention of ending your life." Her tone was honeyed, almost maternal in its reassurance. "The fact that you met with Cleopatra in a private setting tells me everything I need to know. Cleopatra is one of the most cautious women I've ever encountered—paranoid, even. If she allowed you into her estate, sat across from you without a bullet in your skull, then you must be on our side. Or useful enough to keep breathing."

Kyle kept his expression neutral, but inside, relief mixed with wariness. She was buying the angle, but he wasn't out of the woods yet. Isabeau leaned forward now, elbows on the desk, her voice dropping to a conspiratorial whisper.

"This is a rare opportunity, Kyle. Marcello is vulnerable right now—families gathering, tensions high. We can weaken him, fracture his hold. But I need you to play a role. A very specific one."

Kyle shifted in his seat, the zip-tie cutting into his wrists like a dull reminder of his captivity. He wasn't about to roll over just because she dangled a carrot. "Yeah, well, before we get into roles and scripts," he said, his tone hardening, "how about you unbind me? Hard to have a real conversation when I'm trussed up like a Thanksgiving turkey."

It was a gamble, pushing his luck when he had none to spare. But confidence was easy to fake, and right now, projection was everything. If he acted like he deserved better treatment, maybe she'd believe it too. Isabeau's gaze flicked down to his bound wrists, then back up to his face. For a long moment, she said nothing, just studied him with that unreadable expression.

Then, without warning, her hand moved—smooth, practiced—and she pulled a pistol from beneath the desk. Kyle's heart lurched, adrenaline spiking, but before he could process or protest, she aimed and fired.

The gunshot cracked through the small room like thunder, deafening in the enclosed space. Pain exploded in Kyle's left arm, white-hot and searing, as the bullet tore through muscle just above his elbow. He screamed—couldn't help it—the sound ripping from his throat raw and primal. Warm blood bloomed instantly, soaking through his sleeve, trickling down his forearm in thick rivulets. His vision blurred at the edges, shock and agony mingling into a nauseating cocktail.

"WHAT THE FUCK?!" Kyle roared, gasping through clenched teeth, his body jerking against the restraints. "Why—why would you do something so goddamn stupid?!"

Isabeau set the gun down on the desk with a soft click, her expression utterly calm, almost bored. She tilted her head slightly, as if his outburst were mildly curious but ultimately inconsequential. "You talk too much," she said simply, her voice flat, matter-of-fact. No malice, no regret—just a statement of fact.

Kyle's breath came in ragged gulps, sweat beading on his forehead as he fought to stay conscious through the pain. His arm throbbed with each heartbeat, blood pooling in his lap. She leaned back in her chair, crossing her legs with elegant ease, and continued as if she hadn't just shot him.

"Let me clarify something, Kyle. I don't particularly need you alive. Your so-called 'evidence'? It will never reach Marcello. I have people—very good people—who've already intercepted your pathetic failsafes." The confidence in her voice was unshakable, a certainty that told Kyle she wasn't bluffing. She had a counter to his bluff, and it crushed him. "But," she added, her smile returning, sharper now, "you are still useful. Just... less mouthy."

She picked up the gun again, turning it over in her hands almost lovingly before setting it back down, this time pushing it slightly toward him so he could see it clearly. "This gun," she said, tapping the barrel with one manicured nail, "belonged to Viktor Sokolov. His signature weapon. Custom-made, one of a kind—any ballistics expert would confirm it in seconds." Her eyes glinted with something dark and thrilled. "Come tomorrow, you're going to stand in front of Marcello and the other family heads and tell them about the mole. Not me, of course. Viktor."

Kyle's mind reeled, pain and clarity warring for dominance. She was framing Viktor—using his own gun to shoot Kyle, creating physical evidence to back the lie. Genius. Brutal. Terrifying.

"It's not Marcello you need to convince," Isabeau continued, her tone almost instructional, like a professor lecturing a particularly slow student. "It's the other family heads. They'll vote on Viktor's fate. Marcello could veto, sure, but that would draw distrust—favoritism toward his butcher over the collective judgment. Either outcome works for me: Viktor dies, or Marcello looks weak protecting him."

She stood then, smoothing her blazer with a satisfied sigh, and moved toward the door. But Kyle's mouth opened before his brain could stop it, rage and adrenaline overriding sense.

"I'm gonna shove my cock so far up your ass," he snarled through gritted teeth, voice low and venomous, "it'll open a new hole in your belly."

The words hung in the air, crude and violent, shocking even him. Isabeau stopped mid-step, turning slowly to face him. Her eyes dropped—not to his face, but to his crotch. Kyle followed her gaze and, to his utter mortification, realized he was hard. The adrenaline, the pain, the fucked-up cocktail of fear and rage had betrayed him, his body reacting in the most primal, inappropriate way possible. Blood loss was making him dizzy, but there it was—an unmistakable bulge straining against his pants.

Isabeau's eyebrows arched, genuine surprise flickering across her features for the first time. She stared for a beat, then her lips quirked into a slow, wicked smile. "With that?" she murmured, her voice dripping with amusement and something darker—curiosity, maybe. "Who knows, Kyle. Who knows."

And with that, she turned on her heel and walked out, the door clicking shut behind her with finality.

Almost immediately, the door burst open again, and the guards rushed in, their earlier professional calm replaced by brisk efficiency. They cut the zip-tie, eased Kyle forward as he slumped, clutching his bleeding arm. One of them pressed gauze against the wound, barking orders in French. Another produced a first-aid kit, working quickly to staunch the flow. Kyle's vision swam, his head lolling back as they worked.

On the desk, gleaming under the fluorescent light, sat the spent bullet casing—brass, small, damning. Viktor's gun. Viktor's casing. The frame was set.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 344 - 344: The Night Before... [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The guards half-carried, half-dragged Kyle down a narrow corridor, his feet stumbling beneath him as his wounded arm throbbed with each heartbeat. Blood had soaked through the hastily applied bandages, warm and sticky against his skin. They stopped at a nondescript door—plain white, no markings—and one of them punched a code into a keypad. The lock clicked open with a mechanical whir.

Inside was a room that looked more like a boutique hotel suite than a holding cell. A queen-sized bed dominated the space, dressed in crisp white linens that probably cost more than most people's monthly rent. A small sitting area occupied one corner: plush armchair, side table, a reading lamp casting warm amber light. Minimalist artwork hung on the walls—abstract swirls in muted grays and blues. The hardwood floor gleamed, spotless. There was even a small en-suite bathroom visible through a half-open door, all marble and chrome.

But Kyle's eyes went immediately to the corners of the ceiling. Two cameras, maybe three—small, black domes mounted with professional precision. One covered the bed, another the sitting area, a third angled toward the bathroom door. Isabeau wasn't letting him out of her sight. Of course not. He was her puppet now, her living prop for tomorrow's performance in front of Marcello and the families.

The guards deposited him onto the bed with surprising gentleness, propping pillows behind his back. One of them—the buzz-cut ex-military type from earlier—checked the bandage on his arm with practiced efficiency, tightening it until Kyle winced.

"Keep pressure on it," the man muttered in accented English. "Someone will bring fresh dressing soon. And food."

They left without another word, the door locking behind them with a heavy thunk that resonated in Kyle's bones. He was alone. Trapped in a gilded cage, cameras watching his every move like mechanical eyes that never blinked.

Kyle slumped back against the pillows, exhaustion crashing over him in waves. His arm screamed with pain, a constant reminder of Isabeau's casual brutality. How the hell had he gotten into this mess?

He patted his pockets with his good hand and, to his surprise, felt the familiar weight of his phone. They'd left it. Either Isabeau was confident he couldn't contact anyone useful, or she wanted to monitor who he reached out to. Probably both. Kyle pulled it out, the screen lighting up with notifications—missed calls from Nakamura, a few texts from Jane asking how he was doing. Nothing from Ella.

He opened a new message to her, thumbs hovering over the keys for a moment before he typed: [[Not coming home tonight. Something came up. Don't worry about me. I'm okay.]] Then hit send.

The message delivered—one checkmark, then two. But no response. Minutes ticked by. Five. Ten. Nothing. Kyle sighed, locking the screen. Of course she wasn't answering. Ella had her own life, her own shit to deal with.

A knock at the door startled him out of his thoughts. It opened before he could respond, and a different guard—younger, clean-shaven—entered carrying a tray. The aroma hit Kyle immediately: rich, savory, making his stomach clench with sudden, desperate hunger. He hadn't eaten since... when? This morning? Felt like a lifetime ago.

The guard set the tray on the side table and left without a word, lock clicking again. Kyle eyed the food warily. A beautifully plated filet mignon, cooked medium-rare, the meat glistening under a red wine reduction. Roasted vegetables—asparagus, baby carrots, fingerling potatoes—seasoned to perfection. A small basket of warm, crusty bread. A glass of deep red wine. It looked like something out of a Michelin-starred restaurant, not prison rations.

Poison crossed his mind first. But that made no sense—Isabeau needed him alive and coherent for tomorrow's show trial. If she wanted him dead, she'd have put that bullet through his skull instead of his arm. Still, caution warred with hunger as he picked up the fork with his good hand.

The first bite of steak melted on his tongue, buttery and rich, flavored with herbs he couldn't name but that sang on his palate. God, it was good. The best meal he'd eaten in... ever? The vegetables were tender, the bread still warm and soft inside its crispy crust. He devoured it all, shoveling food into his mouth like a man starved, washing it down with the wine—smooth, full-bodied, probably worth hundreds per bottle.

By the time he finished, his stomach was pleasantly full, a warmth spreading through his chest. He set the tray aside and leaned back, intending to rest his eyes for just a moment. But the warmth didn't stop. It spread, heavy and languid, seeping into his limbs like molasses. His eyelids drooped, suddenly weighted. His vision swam at the edges, the room tilting slightly.

Drugged. The realization hit him with sluggish horror. They'd drugged the food—probably the wine, or both. Kyle tried to sit up, panic flaring, but his body wouldn't obey. His muscles felt like wet sand, unresponsive, strength draining away with each passing second. He looked around the room, blinking hard to clear his vision, and his gaze landed on the camera in the corner.

Why? He was already cooperating, already cornered with no way out. There was no need to drug him. Unless... unless this was about control. Total, absolute control. Keeping him docile, compliant, a puppet with strings so tight he couldn't even twitch without permission.

He tried to resist the pull of unconsciousness, gritting his teeth, forcing his eyes open. But the drug was strong—professional grade, probably something designed to knock out someone twice his size. His hand lifted weakly toward the camera, fingers trembling as he managed a sarcastic little wave before it flopped back onto the bed.

Unknown to Kyle, in a dimly lit control room down the hall, Isabeau sat watching the monitors, a faint smile playing on her lips. She'd always had a weakness for young men—pretty ones with fire in their eyes, the kind who fought back before they broke. It was a vice, one she indulged rarely but thoroughly when the opportunity arose. Cleopatra knew, of course. That's why she'd put on such a show when Isabeau had visited her estate, letting Kyle get grabbed, knowing it would pique Isabeau's interest. A gift, of sorts, wrapped in mutual benefit.

Tomorrow might be his last day alive, depending on how the families voted, how Marcello reacted. Why not indulge, just a little? A taste of what he'd offered, even if he hadn't meant it as an offer.

She stood, smoothing her hands over the exquisite nightgown she'd changed into—silk the color of champagne, sheer enough to hint at the curves beneath, the neckline plunging just enough to tempt without crossing into vulgar. The hem brushed mid-thigh, barely covering what it needed to. She looked like a fantasy, and she knew it.

Isabeau made her way to Kyle's room, the guards stepping aside without question. She entered quietly, the door whispering shut behind her.

Kyle's eyes were half-lidded, struggling to focus as she approached. He tried to speak—probably to curse her out again—but his voice came out as little more than a slurred mumble, words barely escaping his throat. The drug had him good. She could see his body fighting it, muscles twitching with the effort to stay conscious, but it was a losing battle.

She settled into the armchair facing the bed, crossing her legs with elegant ease. A pipe—ornate, carved wood—rested in her hand, unlit but held like a prop from some old film noir. She watched him drift, his breathing evening out, eyelids finally surrendering and sliding shut. His chest rose and fell in deep, steady rhythm.

But the drug cocktail they'd given him wasn't just a sedative. There was something else mixed in—an aphrodisiac, subtle but effective, designed to keep him aroused even in sleep. Insurance, perhaps, or just her own twisted curiosity. His body responded predictably, a visible tent forming in his pants despite his unconsciousness.

Isabeau smiled, taking in the sight. Young, handsome, dangerous in his own right but utterly helpless now. She stayed there for a while, smoking the pipe absently, watching him sleep, savoring the power.

---

Kyle woke to darkness, his head thick and foggy, mouth dry as cotton. He blinked, disoriented, trying to piece together where he was. The room. Isabeau's safehouse. The drugged food. Memory trickled back in fragments.

But something was wrong. He wasn't alone.

He turned his head slowly, still groggy, and his heart nearly stopped. Isabeau lay beside him on the bed, curled on her side, facing him. Her nightgown had ridden up slightly, exposing the smooth curve of her thigh. One arm was draped casually across his chest, her body pressed close like a lover after intimacy.

"What the fuck..." Kyle breathed, the words barely audible. Panic spiked through the drug-induced haze. He shifted carefully, checking himself with trembling hands. Pants still on. Zipper up. No wetness, no soreness, no evidence of... He inspected further, relief flooding him. She hadn't touched him. Not sexually, at least. Everything was intact, untouched.

But she was cuddling him. Like they were a couple, like this was normal. Her breathing was soft and even against his shoulder, deep in sleep. The intimacy of it—uninvited, unwanted, utterly bizarre—made his skin crawl.

Kyle lay there, frozen, staring at the ceiling, his mind racing. What kind of weird shit was this? Why drug him just to cuddle? Was this some power play he didn't understand, or was Isabeau genuinely unhinged beneath the polished exterior?

He didn't dare move, didn't dare wake her. The cameras still watched, silent witnesses to whatever twisted game she was playing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 345 - 345: Judgement Day [FIXED!]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kyle stayed frozen in place as the digital clock on the nightstand blinked 3:00 AM in harsh red numbers. Hours had crawled by since Isabeau had curled against him, her body warm and maddeningly close. Every minute felt like an eternity as the drug coursed through his system, refusing to let him rest, refusing to let his mind settle or his body calm down.

The arousal was overwhelming, chemical, artificial—not born from genuine desire but forced upon him by whatever cocktail they'd slipped into that perfect meal. His mind churned with anger and frustration, thoughts spiraling between rage at being manipulated and the physical discomfort that wouldn't abate no matter how hard he tried to will it away. He was tempted, God yes he was tempted, to reach out and touch her. The way she pressed against him, the silk of her nightgown sliding against his arm with every breath she took, the scent of her expensive perfume mixing with something softer beneath—it would be so easy to just give in.

But Cleopatra's lessons echoed in his mind. The groping, the manipulation, the way she'd set him up and nearly destroyed him with her twisted power plays in their first meeting. Was this the same trap dressed in different silk? Cameras watching from three angles, recording his every move, waiting for him to make a mistake they could weaponize later? He'd learned that lesson in blood and humiliation, and the memory kept his hands still even as his body screamed for relief.

Still, this drug was something else entirely. More potent than simple arousal, it felt like fire in his veins, a constant fever that made every nerve ending hypersensitive. Kyle clenched his fist until his nails bit into his palm, then released it slowly, trying to channel the frustration somewhere, anywhere. His good hand drifted almost involuntarily toward his crotch, feeling the evidence of the drug's relentless work. He could mimic anything he'd seen—fighters, actors, killers. His rebate system had given him that gift. What would it feel like to channel that ability to mimic an asexual individual?

The wound in his shoulder throbbed with every heartbeat, a constant reminder of Isabeau's cruelty just hours before. She'd shot him without hesitation, barely even looked bothered by it, then calmly explained how disposable he was while his blood soaked through the bandages. And now she was here, pressed against him like a lover seeking warmth. The contradiction made his blood boil with an anger that competed with the drug-induced arousal.

Kyle's breathing had grown heavier despite his attempts to control it. The frustration crashed over him in waves—physical, emotional, mental. Whatever pharmaceutical cocktail they'd put in his food was doing exactly what it was designed to do, and his body betrayed him at every turn. He shook his head slightly, trying to clear the fog, trying to think strategically instead of just reacting to base impulses. But his arm was already around her waist from when she'd shifted in her sleep earlier, and the closeness was maddening. Her warmth seeped through the thin fabric of her nightgown, making everything worse.

Then Isabeau stirred.

Not the random, unconscious movement of sleep, but a deliberate, purposeful shift. Her eyes opened—had they been closed at all, or had she been watching him this whole time through slitted lids?—and she turned to face him fully, very much awake. The smirk playing at the corners of her lips told Kyle everything he needed to know. He'd been played. Again.

"You've been fighting it for hours," she said softly, her voice perfectly clear with no trace of sleep.

Kyle's jaw clenched so hard his teeth ached. "You were awake this whole time."

"Of course." She stretched slightly, the movement deliberate and calculated, the nightgown shifting to reveal more skin.

"Did you think I'd actually fall asleep next to you? After what you threatened earlier?" Her smile widened, showing teeth.

"I wanted to see what kind of man you really are, Kyle. Whether you'd take what you thought was being offered when there would be no consequences."

"You drugged me," Kyle said through gritted teeth, anger cutting through the haze like a knife through fog.

"You shot me. You're holding me prisoner in a locked room with cameras watching my every breath. What the hell kind of test is that?"

"The only kind that matters." Isabeau's hand moved to his chest, fingers tracing idle patterns over his shirt, feeling his elevated heartbeat beneath her palm.

"Power, Kyle. Who wields it, who submits to it, who can resist it even when their body is screaming otherwise. You could have done anything to me while you thought I was asleep—the cameras would have shown I never resisted, never said no, never even woke up. You'd have had plausible deniability, especially with that drug in your system. Any lawyer could argue diminished capacity. But you didn't."

She leaned closer, her lips nearly brushing his ear, breath warm against his skin.

"That makes you either very noble or very smart. I haven't decided which yet. Maybe both. Maybe neither."

Kyle grabbed her wrist, stilling her wandering hand with more force than necessary.

"I'm neither. I'm just not interested in playing whatever sick game this is. You people get off on humiliation and control, and I'm done being your entertainment."

"Liar," she whispered, her free hand gesturing toward the obvious evidence straining against his pants.

"Your body says otherwise. But that's the drug, isn't it? Not you. Not really." She pulled back slightly, studying his face with clinical interest.

"I could help with that, you know. Make the next few hours more... comfortable. Bearable, even. Consider it an apology for the shoulder."

Kyle's mind raced even as his body responded to her proximity against his will. This was the offer, clear and explicit now. No pretense of sleep, no ambiguity about consent or awareness. She was awake, alert, and propositioning him directly. The power dynamic was still completely fucked—she still held all the cards, still controlled whether he lived or died tomorrow—but at least this was honest. As honest as anything could be in this nightmare.

"Why?" he asked, his voice rougher than he intended. "Why any of this? The drug, the test, this... whatever this is?"

"Because tomorrow you might die," Isabeau said simply, as if discussing the weather forecast.

"The families will vote, Marcello might see through the frame, Viktor might survive and come for you later. Your survival isn't guaranteed, not by a long shot." She traced a finger down his jaw with her free hand.

"But also because I'm curious about you—Cleopatra spoke highly of your... attributes. And because that threat you made earlier? That crude, violent promise? Part of me wants to see if you can actually back it up."

The drug pulsed through him, every nerve ending screaming yes, accept, take what's offered, but Kyle forced himself to think past the chemical compulsion. "And if I say no? If I tell you to get the fuck out and leave me alone?"

"Then you say no, and I leave." She shrugged, the movement elegant even in this twisted context. "I'm not Cleopatra. I don't force. I don't violate. But I do test, and I do observe, and I do remember who passes my tests and who fails them. How you respond now will affect how I treat you tomorrow."

Kyle closed his eyes, the decision weighing on him like a physical burden. Every instinct screamed trap, manipulation, another layer of control. But his body screamed louder, the drug demanding relief. And beneath it all, buried under the anger and chemicals and pain, was a simple truth: he was exhausted from being powerless. From being shot and drugged and moved around like a chess piece.

"No," he said finally, opening his eyes to meet hers with as much steel as he could muster.

Isabeau's smile turned genuine, almost warm. "... For now." But Kyle already knew she had no intention of leaving the room either way as she buried her head into his chest.

And Kyle was surprised she respected his decision, she was nothing like Cleopatra.

---

Several hours later.

Kyle woke to pale dawn light filtering through the room's single window, painting everything in shades of gray and gold. Isabeau was already gone, the sheets on her side cool to the touch and neatly straightened as if she'd never been there. His arm still throbbed, but when he checked, he found fresh bandages professionally applied—someone, probably her, had tended the wound while he'd finally slept off the last of the drug.

The arousal was gone, burned out completely, leaving him clearheaded but exhausted in a way that went bone-deep. His body ached in new places.

A note sat folded on the nightstand beside a breakfast tray—coffee, toast, juice, all looking mercifully normal. He unfolded the paper:

[[Meeting at noon. Be ready. Wear the clothes in the closet. Remember: Viktor is the mole. Sell it, and you live. - I]]

Kyle checked the digital clock: 8:47 AM. He had just over three hours until he stood before Marcello Vescari and the five families to frame Viktor Sokolov for treason. Three hours until his life hung on how well he could sell a lie built on a dead man's gun and a bullet wound inflicted by the very woman who'd shared his bed.

He pushed himself up slowly, testing his wounded arm. It hurt like hell, a deep ache that radiated from shoulder to fingertips, but it worked. The range of motion was there. That would have to be enough.

Kyle ate the breakfast mechanically, tasting nothing, his mind already running through scenarios. How would Viktor react when accused? Would Marcello believe him or see through the frame immediately? What happened if they called his bluff and he had no proof beyond the gun casing? Would Isabeau step in to support him, or would she let him hang if it served her purposes?

The clothes in the closet were expensive—a tailored charcoal suit that fit like it was made for him, crisp white shirt, understated silk tie. They fit perfectly, which meant Isabeau had sized him up accurately from the very beginning. Of course she had. She didn't leave anything to chance.

Kyle stared at himself in the bathroom mirror as he knotted the tie with his good hand, the wounded arm cooperating grudgingly. The man looking back at him seemed like a stranger—bruised, bandaged, wearing a dead man's designer suit to a meeting where he'd condemn another man to death based on fabricated evidence.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 346 - 346: The Day Of Reckoning!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The door to Kyle's room opened at precisely 9:30 AM. Not Isabeau, but one of the guards—the buzz-cut ex-military type who'd been almost apologetic throughout Kyle's captivity. "Time to go," the man said simply, gesturing toward the hallway.

Kyle stood, adjusting the tailored suit jacket over his bandaged shoulder. The wound throbbed beneath the expensive fabric, but the pain had dulled to a manageable ache. He followed the guard through corridors he barely remembered from last night's drugged haze, down a service elevator, and out into a back courtyard bathed in morning sunlight.

Isabeau was nowhere to be seen. Smart. She couldn't be spotted with him, couldn't be the one escorting him to this meeting. Any association between them before the accusation would compromise the entire frame-up. If Marcello or the other families suspected she'd coached him, rehearsed this performance, the whole house of cards would collapse. Kyle understood the game now—he was a supposedly independent witness, not her puppet.

The courtyard opened onto a private parking area, and Kyle stopped short. Sitting there, gleaming under the sun like a gift from the gods, was his car. His car, the one he'd driven to Cleopatra's estate what felt like a lifetime ago. They must have retrieved it, brought it here while he'd been unconscious or... otherwise occupied. The sight of it sent a wave of unexpected comfort through him.

Not that he needed the car, strictly speaking. Kyle was rich enough now that he could decide never to work another day in his life and still have everything he wanted. The rebate system had seen to that—billions stacked in accounts, investments, properties. He could buy ten cars better than this one with a phone call. But this car had sentimental value. It represented the man he'd been before all this mafia insanity, before Cleopatra and Isabeau and bullets in his shoulder. Before he became a pawn in games played by monsters in expensive clothes.

The guards who'd brought the car stood at attention near the vehicle. Unlike Isabeau with her cold calculation, they'd treated him with a baseline of human decency—not kindly, but not cruel either. Just professional. Kyle nodded to them as he approached, offering a small wave of acknowledgment. "Thanks for not being assholes," he said, half-joking.

The buzz-cut guard almost smiled. "Good luck in there. You'll need it."

Kyle slid into the driver's seat, the familiar leather embracing him like an old friend. He adjusted the mirror, checked the wound in his shoulder one more time—still holding, the bandage clean—and started the engine. The GPS was already programmed with coordinates. Of course it was. Nothing was left to chance.

He pulled out of the courtyard and onto the street, merging into late-morning traffic. The coordinates led him out of the city, toward the affluent suburbs where estates sprawled behind high walls and manicured hedges. Kyle's mind raced as he drove, hands steady on the wheel despite the anxiety gnawing at his gut.

He was about to put an innocent man to death. Well, "innocent" was a stretch—Viktor Sokolov was a stone-cold killer, a butcher who'd tortured and murdered more people than Kyle could probably count. The man deserved to die by any reasonable moral accounting. But he wasn't guilty of being a mole. That crime was fabricated, built on Isabeau's lies and a planted gun casing. Kyle would be executing a man for something he didn't do, even if he'd done a thousand other things worthy of execution.

The moral calculus made Kyle's head hurt. Was it still murder if the victim was a murderer? Was it justice or just expedience?

But what bothered him more was Viktor's instability. The man was a psychopath, barely leashed by Marcello's authority. What would he do when accused of treason in front of the families? Would he rage? Attack? Try to kill Kyle on the spot? There was no telling what this accusation might trigger. Viktor didn't strike Kyle as someone who'd go quietly, even faced with fabricated evidence.

Still, Kyle could feel it in his bones: the end of this saga was approaching. One way or another, today would determine whether he walked out free or in a body bag. The tension was almost a relief after days of mounting dread.

The drive took just over two hours, traffic thinning as he left urban sprawl behind. The estate appeared suddenly—a massive wrought-iron gate flanked by stone pillars, security cameras tracking his approach. The gate swung open before he even slowed, as if they'd been expecting him down to the minute.

Kyle drove up a winding driveway lined with ancient oaks, their branches forming a cathedral canopy overhead. The main house loomed at the end: a sprawling mansion that screamed old money and older violence. Men in dark suits stood at intervals along the drive, watching him with the casual alertness of professional killers. Kyle could feel eyes on him from every direction.

He parked in the circular drive and took a deep breath, hands gripping the steering wheel for a moment longer than necessary. This was it. No turning back now.

Kyle stepped out of the car, immediately raising his hands to shoulder height in a gesture of non-aggression. He wasn't armed—they'd made sure of that—but the optics mattered. A man approached, older, silver-haired, dressed in an immaculate three-piece suit. He bowed slightly, a gesture of surprising respect.

"Mr. Kyle. You are expected. You are a guest here. Please, follow me."

Guest. The word was deliberately chosen. Not prisoner, not witness, not pawn. Guest. Kyle lowered his hands and nodded. "Lead the way."

They entered through massive double doors into a foyer that belonged in a museum: marble floors, crystal chandeliers, artwork that was probably worth more than most people's houses. But Kyle barely registered the opulence. His focus narrowed as they walked deeper into the mansion, down a hallway lined with portraits of stern-faced men from eras past.

The guide stopped before an ornate wooden door, knocked twice, and pushed it open.

The room beyond was the most intimidating space Kyle had ever entered.

It was a conference room, but styled like something from a Renaissance palazzo—dark wood paneling, a massive table that could seat twenty, oil paintings of battles and conquests covering the walls. And around that table sat the heads of the Five Families, each radiating power and menace in their own distinct way.

Viktor Sokolov dominated one end, his hulking 6'8" frame making the chair beneath him look like doll furniture. His bald head gleamed under the chandelier light, tattoos visible on his neck, metal teeth catching the light when he shifted. He was staring at Kyle with undisguised curiosity and barely-contained violence.

Lucius Moretti sat to Viktor's right, fedora resting on the table before him, eyes sharp and calculating.

Isabeau Delacroix was positioned midway down, her expression perfectly neutral, not a flicker of recognition or acknowledgment. She wore a different suit today—navy blue, severe, all business.

The O'Rourke head, scarred face impassive, nursed what looked like whiskey despite the early hour.

And at the head of the table sat Marcello Vescari himself.

The Don's presence was magnetic. He wore a charcoal suit similar to Kyle's own, his dark hair slicked back, face unreadable. His eyes—cold, penetrating—locked onto Kyle the moment he entered. For a long, terrible moment, that gaze was hard as granite, assessing, judging.

Then, almost imperceptibly, it softened. Just a fraction. Marcello's expression shifted from potential executioner to... something else. Curiosity, perhaps. Or respect for someone willing to walk into this room knowing what awaited.

Kyle's heart hammered in his chest, but he forced himself to channel someone else. Someone who could stand in a room full of killers and own it. He reached into his vast library of absorbed knowledge and personalities, searching for the right mask to wear.

Michael Corleone. The Godfather. Quiet, controlled, strategic. The man who never showed fear, never flinched, who calculated three moves ahead while appearing to barely move at all.

Kyle straightened his spine, let his face go neutral, and walked to the empty chair positioned between Isabeau and Lucius. He didn't hurry. Didn't hesitate. He moved like he belonged here, like this was just another Tuesday.

He sat, folded his hands on the table, and met Marcello's eyes without flinching.

The room held its breath.

Marcello's lips curved into the faintest suggestion of a smile. Then he leaned forward, his voice a low rumble that filled the space.

"Let the meeting begin."