

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 1: Challenge Accepted
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I'm sorry…" The Main Character coughed out blood as he stared at the spear that had pierced through his chest. His vision was hazy as he gazed helplessly at a massive boar whose snort unleashed a gale, vaporizing his gushing blood. A legendary cultivator that had terrorized the Sumatra Continent for more than a millennium. That was the Boar King, his enemy.

"You were a disappointment, Resha." Saying so, the Boar King stomped on the Main Character's head and splattered his brain matter all over the ground. Soundless, soulless, unable to utter a cry, the Main Character fell, to his demise, a death unknown to anyone, but mourned by all.

The End!

Author Notes: To my readers, I express my gratitude…

…

"Gratitude, my ass!" A youth seated in a dimly lit room roared as he flailed his hands in anger, "Six years! Six fucking years! We supported you on this journey and you give us this pathetic ending?"

"Fuck! I'm pissed!" He crumpled a cup of ramen nearby and threw it with force, watching it splatter all over the wall upon impact. A couple of seconds later, the youth collapsed on his chair, wheezing. He had overexerted himself with that tantrum.

After he graduated from university, the youth was unable to land a job, and hence, he remained unemployed. Thankfully, his parents created assets on his behalf. The rental income alone was enough for him to get by.

But every time he opened social media and saw his peers succeeding in life, he became more and more depressed. In such a shut-in life, the novel, 'Sumatra Chronicles' was his solace. The author uploaded three chapters a day, so it provided him ample entertainment.

Since he followed it for six years, Sumatra Chronicles became part of his life. He wasn't even worried about it ending, for based on the lore setup, the novel should have run for another four years. It was a realistic novel with zero plot armour granted to the characters, including the Main Character.

Hence, it received a large fan following from people that were fed up with stories about Main Characters with gold fingers, cheats, Systems, etc.

The latest arc was gut-wrenchingly engaging, as every step of the way, the Main Character came close to death. And finally, the Boar King appeared, a villain teased for more than two years. He was supposed to be a villain impossible to be beaten by the Main Character, with death certain upon encounter.

So, everyone looked forward to the clash, for until now, whenever the Main Character came faced with such situations, he used his wit and ingenuity to realistically survive the crisis. But faced with such hype, the author decided to kill the Main Character.

"Fuck him! Fuck! Fuckity Fuck!" The youth was unable to calm his rage. He slammed his keyboard and pulled up the novel's review section, intending to leave a brutally negative review. Only then would he be able to vent his frustration.

"The author was born when his dad boned a pig…no, it's too tame. The author's brain is infested with maggots…damn, this isn't even insulting enough. The author fuck…no, the word fuck is banned here. Shit, can't I even come up with a decent insult?" The youth grumbled. He then got an idea upon seeing the various negative reviews that were rapidly filling up the review section.

"Got it!" He grinned excitedly as he began to type a short, but nasty review, "Your mother must have been a female dog to birth a fatherless son like you. If that ending was the best you got, be hit by a truck and Isekai yourself. Even I can write a better story than yours and I'm not even literate, lol."

"That's a perfect insult." The youth was proud of himself. He imagined a scene where the author was roasted upon seeing his review and drowned in his tears. "Hahaha!"

"Fucker, what did you say about my mother?" A booming voice echoed in his room, startling the youth. His monitor shone with radiance bright enough to fully light up his room as an ethereal hand of light burst out and grabbed his face.

It applied pressure, forming a depression on his face, causing the youth to scream in pain. He didn't even have enough time to fully process his fear when the ethereal hand yanked him into the monitor. The monitor shut down as beeping sounds resounded from his CPU. A couple of seconds later, the PC exploded.

…

"Ahhhhhhh!" The youth screamed as his vision was blanketed by white light. When he came to his senses, he found himself in a greyish room. The floor felt like jelly, eerie to stand upon as the sensation transmitted through his feet disgusted him.

He looked at himself, noticing that his body was a mere blur. There was an Indigo hue emanating from him. Suddenly, he realized he couldn't recall his name anymore, unnerved.

"You were saying?" A muscly octopus-headed humanoid stood before him, spanning a height of two metres. Its arms were ripped. "What did you say my mother was?"

At the sight of the creature, the youth's survival instinct kicked in, making him deny the accusation as his brain clocked into overdrive, "I didn't say anything. That wasn't me. I was your supporter all along. I'm a good child."

"Enough, eat my fist!" Followed by a roar, the octopus-headed humanoid pummeled the youth for a good ten minutes. Satisfied, it snapped its finger and healed the youth, saying with a smile, "Your review got me thinking."

"Can someone clear that scenario?" The octopus-headed humanoid propped up the youth and stared into his eyes to speak calmly, "I was like, why not? I can rewind time and see if that's possible."

"You're not making any sense." The youth was flabbergasted, "What are you? Where am I? What is happening to me? Why am I like this? What are you after?"

"Relax, bud." The octopus-headed humanoid slapped him on the face once, speaking after shutting up the youth, "During my journey through space, I came upon an interesting world. I was excited after observing it for a while and wanted to share the experience with others. Hence, I came to Earth and published that as a webnovel. Many liked my story. But, too many hated the ending, even though, to me, it felt perfect."

"In that situation, there was no way Resha could survive. I mean, he faced the Boar King that was supposed to guarantee his death. And in reality, that was what happened there. Resha was killed by the Boar King. I literally wrote what had happened, but it seems not everyone likes reality." The octopus-headed humanoid's shoulder slumped in disappointment.

One of its tentacles wagged like a dog's tail as it spoke, its voice one of excitement, "Seeing the reviews, and observing a few challenging me at executing the story better, I thought I'll see what will happen."

"What…are you getting at?" The youth realized by now that the entity before him was the author of Sumatra Chronicles. It wasn't a human but some creature on the likes of Cthulhu. The entity seemed to talk in circles, so he was getting confused.

But once he thought about the sequence of events until now, he realized what was up, 'It's a challenge! My god! I challenged him that I could write a better story than him. And now, he's asking me to prove it.'

"Well, seems you got the gist." The octopus-headed humanoid nodded with a smile, capable of reading his mind. It then clapped its hand as five others appeared beside the youth, each emanating one of the colours that formed the rainbow.

There was Violet, Blue, Green, Yellow, and Orange. The youth emanated Indigo. Only Red was missing. The bodies of all six were a blur, their height, body shape, facial features, and even gender unable to be identified. Their sole identifying feature was their colour.

The heads of the octopus-headed humanoid multiplied by six. It seemed each head had been conversing with a person in private, just as it happened to the youth. Once everyone had been briefed, they were brought to the same location.

The six heads stared at the six people, saying in unison, "I'm sending you to Sumatra Continent once I rewind its time to the start of the story. Since each of you challenged me in being more capable than my Main Character, I dare you to show it."

"T-That's…" Violet was in tears, aware of how violent and dangerous Sumatra Continent was. There, death existed at every turn. Unless one was as capable as the Main Character, they wouldn't even know how they died.

This was a story where even the Main Character died. So, how would average Joes like them survive in such a treacherous world?

"If you're scared, commit suicide once you arrive there." One of the heads of the octopus-headed humanoid stared at the youth, "There's no truck there. So, you'll have to choose a painful route."

'Dammit, he's just mocking me. I have read Sumatra Chronicles multiple times in the past six years. I know the story by heart. Challenge? Bring it on!' The youth snorted, "You won't remove our memories of the story, right?"

"Are you afraid we'll strip all the benefits your MC gets?"

He was still angry. And having been a shut-in for six years, he neither had a good lid on his emotions nor was he able to exercise control. As a result, he lashed out.

"You think my MC is that weak?" In response, the octopus-headed humanoid laughed raucously, "Even with your knowledge of the future, you'll still fall short. As if trash like you can hold up to my MC."

"Don't cry when I defeat him." The person emanating a green hue snickered, "You boast about Resha. But he was only that good in the second half of the story. During the first half, he was a frustrating idiot. So, be ready to accept defeat."

"If you manage to succeed, I'll grant you a wish." The octopus-headed humanoid said in anger, "You can even be an immortal and own Earth and every living being on it. I can grant any wish. But it's game over if you were to die in Sumatra Continent. I won't bother reviving a failure."

"C-Can you send me back home?" The person with a Violet hue raised their hand and asked.

"Nope," The octopus-headed humanoid denied with a snort, "Don't put on a scaredy-cat act. I know you're excited to cultivate. I know all of you are."

He stared at the six people, "Among those that challenged me in the review section, I selected those that were ambitious enough to face the dangers of Sumatra and surpass my MC. I can read your thoughts and I can already see you thinking of ways to benefit yourselves."

"Whatever," It laughed, "All six of you will start with the same condition as the MC. There exists only one set of treasures that you must consume to become strong and not die a premature death. You'll be competing with my MC for that."

'That means when I'm reincarnated there, I'll be an orphan just like Resha. And I'll also be a victim of the Fragment Disease.' The youth thought as he looked at the five others next to him, 'There's just one cure to the disease. Only the one that gets the cure will survive the Four Major Disasters.'

'The rest are enemies.' The youth concluded. The air was fraught with tension as everyone else also seemed to arrive at the same conclusion. But, there was also a strong vibe of excitement present in the expressions of everyone.

All six of them had been bored with Earth. They wanted something beyond their mundane mortal selves in life. So, being reincarnated to a mystical world was giving them a chance to live their dreams. They could cultivate and wield supernatural powers.

Hence, none of them even entertained the thought of returning to Earth.

They were already daydreaming of becoming powerful by taking advantage of the countless benefits that lay on their journey. All of them knew the story by heart and were react to take action.

The youth had already begun his calculations, 'Thankfully, Resha is a weakling at the start. So, I only need to guard against these five. As long as I obtain the cure, I'm guaranteed to become a powerhouse.'

"Now that everyone is on the same page, you'll be reincarnated to Sumatra. Put on your best act, as I'll be watching your journey. May you surprise me." The octopus-headed humanoid put on a solemn expression as the bodies of the six began to dissipate. They were being reincarnated.

The youth observed his legs turning faint before they vanished, followed by his hip, then the stomach, and so on. The case was the same with the others too.

Just as their heads were starting to dissipate, the octopus-headed humanoid muttered as if it had forgotten to mention, "Oops, there was one detail I failed to mention."

The faces of all six people flinched in response as a sense of worry set in them. Seeing their expression, the octopus-headed humanoid let out a comically evil grin as it chuckled with a mocking tone before its voice turned solemn, "This time, there's one difference from the story you read."

"Resha will be a Regressor."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 2: Sumatra Continent
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Resha will be a Regressor."

"You…bastard!" All six faces screamed in a fluster as they vanished.

"Hahaha!" The octopus-headed humanoid laughed raucously as it patted its aching stomach, "Ah! That was satisfying! It's worth going through the effort to see those expressions."

"Now, I hope you suffer enough until you accept defeat to my MC!"

…

Sumatra Continent!

Mammoth Clan, 44th Empyrean Tusk Settlement, Academy of Refinement!

The youth's eyes shot open, seeing the novel world being presented as reality. There was shock, excitement, nervousness, and anticipation in his eyes. He wished to jump and announce aloud, "Young Master is here!"

But he couldn't do that, for they were in class. 'The first chapter of Sumatra Chronicles starts right in the middle of class.'

Currently, he had six enemies that endangered his life in this world, and one of them was the MC, Resha. It was best to exercise caution to avoid revealing his identity…no, that was useless.

As a sea of information surged into his mind, the youth's excitement cooled down. He came to understand his identity.

Inala, that was his name. An orphan whose parents were supposedly reported missed in action. Worst of all, his body was weak. Cracking sounds resounded every time he tried to move.

Fragment Disease!

One in every hundred people in the Mammoth Clan was plagued by this incurable disease. It turned one's bones brittle. In this world where strength reigned supreme, anyone with the Fragment Disease was basically slapped with a death sentence.

Because, any exertion of the body resulted in a fracture. Not to mention training to grow stronger, they couldn't even perform daily chores without putting their lives at risk. They were useless and a strain on the Clan's resources. Usually, such people would be disposed of once they become an adult and still prove to be useless.

Inala was fourteen years of age now. A year later, he would be considered an adult. If he doesn't figure out a way to contribute to the Clan by then, he'll be disposed off to some Pranic Beast as food.

The Mammoth Clan was a nomadic tribe that travelled on the backs of the Empyrean Tusk, a Pranic Beast touted to be the biggest and the oldest race in Sumatra.

The surface area of an Empyrean Tusk's back surpassed a square kilometre. A settlement was created here where around forty thousand people lived.

The Mammoth Clan was situated on a herd of 44 Empyrean Tusks that traversed through dangerous territories daily. Therefore, danger was ever present around them.

If Inala proved to be useless, he would be heartlessly tossed into the mouth of a hungry Pranic Beast without hesitation. So, not only did he have to maintain caution, but also raise his value to the Clan.

"I'm sorry…"

Inala's thoughts came to a halt as he heard a murmur next to him. His body froze up in response as he slowly turned to his right and stared at a chisel-faced boy with a handsome countenance. The boy's expression was distraught, tethering on the verge of despair as memories of his past life came surging in.

Resha, the Main Character of Sumatra Chronicles!

In the Refinement Academy, joint classes were conducted, with the youngest batch seated at the front while the oldest were at the back. Inala's group was part of the oldest batch and hence seated at the very end.

As one of those affected by the Fragment Disease, Inala was placed in the absolute last row, nicknamed the 'Death Row.'

It was because, on the day they graduate, they'll be fed to a Pranic Beast, hence their title. Originally in the story, Resha was the sole Death Row student in his batch. So, he was seated alone at the back.

But now, there were seven students. That was a direct indication of their identities.

'Taking caution my foot!' Inala masked his frustration. Among the seven Death Row students, one was the MC while the remaining six were reincarnates. It was impossible to avoid a conflict since their identities were revealed right from the get-go.

They were seated side by side after all.

'So, Resha was red.' Inala thought. Based on the naming scheme, there were seven colours in a rainbow. He was Indigo. His name turned out to be Inala, sporting the first two letters of his colour. He was also seated second in the last row as in the order: Violet, Indigo, Blue, Green, Yellow, Orange, and Red.

Red was Resha since he was seated last and his name had the first two letters of the colour.

'This is a second chance!' Resha came to terms with reality and stared at the class with a determined gaze, 'This time, I'll protect everyone. But first,'

"Who are you?" He glared to his left, staring at the six students there, 'These six never existed in my previous life. What is happening?'

"Did you hurt your head, Resha?" The one seated closest to Resha, at the position of orange tilted his head in confusion, "Don't tell me you forgot your bestie, Orakha?"

"Bestie?" Resha frowned.

"Fear of death might have erased his memories." The one seated at the position of green mocked, "We're the infamous Death Row students of this academy, after all. Not a single Clansmen thinks we have a future."

"Are you being serious, Resha?" The one seated at the position of blue expressed his confusion as he gloomily stared at Resha, "Have you forgotten us?"

'Such fucking actors!' Inala was awed by their performance. Since they didn't exist in Resha's previous lives, they began to act as if they were close to him now, edging him to the train of thought that maybe there existed some differences in his second life.

None of them communicated with each other, but argued in such a way one might think they were friends for years.

'I'm scheming against people of such level.' Inala was excited. Things just became more interesting. He then acted like he had been observing Resha all along and spoke in worry, "I didn't know Fragment Disease can also affect our memories. I'm worried now."

"Why don't we introduce ourselves to each other? This way, we can help jog Resha's memory. Us Death Row students need to be united." The one seated in the position of violet spoke in support of Inala, "I'm Virala."

Virala for violet, Inala for indigo, Blola for blue, Grehha for green, Yennda for yellow, Orakha for orange, and finally, Resha for red. Everyone introduced themselves.

The first goal of the reincarnates was to ease themselves up with the regressor to avoid being killed immediately.

'Thankfully, it went well.' Inala sighed in relief as he observed Resha's conflicted and confused expression. But an instant later, his heart lurched upon sensing the latter's killing intent.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 3: The Main Character Expresses Animosity
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inala shuddered at the killing intent, 'Is…this how killing intent feels like? It's terrifying, too terrifying. Am I supposed to compete with such a monster?'

Just as he was about to faint from the killing intent, the gears in his brain churned as he recalled Chapter 1 of Sumatra Chronicles. The story starts in the Academy of Refinement and directly plunges the readers with a scene of gore, thereby setting up the treacherous nature of the world.

And the cause of that was what Resha was directing his killing intent towards.

"All students! To the shelter, NOW!" The instructor's booming voice addressed the over three hundred students at the Academy of Refinement.

"I'm not prepared." Virala clutched his head in panic.

'This the First Minor Crisis.' Inala became nervous as he rushed alongside the students, following only after seeing Resha among the crowd. Sumatra Chronicles consisted of 21 Minor Crises and 4 Major Disasters, with Resha being killed in the fourth Major Disaster.

Even though this was a Minor Crisis, it shouldn't be underestimated, for at the end of this event in the story, the population of their settlement was slashed in half. That spoke volumes of the danger involved.

The herd of 44 Empyrean Tusks form a straight line as they tread through treacherous lands. The strongest Empyrean Tusk stands at the forefront of the file while the weakest is positioned at the end.

Their settlement's Empyrean Tusk was at 44th place, dead last. Not only was it weak, but it was also gaining in on old age. As a result, its footsteps weren't perfectly placed on the path forged by the strong Empyrean Tusks at the forefront of the herd.

It had set foot on a nest by mistake and crushed a portion of it. As a result, the Pranic Beasts part of the nest, Mud Vipers rushed out en masse and swarmed the 44th Empyrean Tusk.

They began to crawl over the Empyrean Tusk's legs to reach the top and attack the settlement there, acting based on the life signatures they picked up.

Pranic Beasts were creatures native to Sumatra and came in all forms. Mud Vipers were serpentine creatures with a pair of forelegs that allowed them to grab onto things and lurch forward.

A Mud Viper spanned three metres in length when it reached maturity. Its speciality lay in spitting out mud balls that were adhesive in nature. The mud balls would harden in a matter of seconds once it spits out.

Mud Vipers would spit mud balls onto a target and turn them into a sculpture. They would then drag the sculptures to their nest to feast at a later date. The problem with Mud Vipers was that when they latch enough mud balls onto the joints of the Empyrean Tusk, they can prevent it from moving.

Once constricted to a place, it was only a matter of time before the Mud Vipers overwhelm and feast upon the Empyrean Tusk and the people living on it.

The herd of Empyrean Tusks was constantly on the move and would only stop at locations deemed safe by the leader. Stopping anywhere else was risky. Hence, none of the 43 Empyrean Tusks part of the herd stopped to assist the 44th Empyrean Tusk.

'Since Resha is a regressor, the event might change due to his involvement. But, there's no guarantee whether or not it is to my benefit. After all, this broken nest is home to at least a million Mud Vipers.' Inala thought in worry. There were plenty of elites in their settlement to fight against the enemies, but the number of Mud Vipers was too much.

No matter how strong they were, forty thousand people wouldn't fare well against a million Mud Vipers. In the story, their settlement loses half its population to the Mud Vipers. It was the rise to a bloody start.

While moving towards the shelter meant for students, Inala felt around his body. There was a pouch hung around his hip, and in it was a rugged bone sphere.

Inala sensed a faint wisp of energy in his body. He riled it up according to the memories of the body and focused it upon the rugged bone sphere, watching it twitch in response. 'Okay, at least I'm not completely helpless.'

Prana!

That was the energy one cultivated on Sumatra, a fusion between the energies of Soul, Mind, and Body. Based on the established measurement units of this world, he had 12 Prana, a paltry sum for someone his age. But that was the norm for someone unable to train due to the Fragment Disease.

Inala ran slowly to avoid fracturing his legs. Those with the Fragment Disease were the last to enter the shelter, a dome-shaped room carved within the bony carapace of the Empyrean Tusk. It only had a small entrance.

"Remain here!" Saying so, the instructor closed the entrance and stood guard outside.

"10…9…" Suddenly, Resha began a countdown. He was just muttering, but all six reincarnates had their attention wholly focused on him and hence noticed his action.

They might know the full story, but Resha had experienced it firsthand. So, it was better to follow the regressor.

"…1," Saying so, Resha took out a bone sphere from his pouch and threw it slowly. He infused his Prana into it and caused it to fly in the air.

The shelter's entrance collapsed as the instructor came crashing in. Pressing him were a group of Mud Vipers, spitting mud balls on his joints to constrict him while they clawed upon his flesh. One of the Mud Vipers opened its mouth wide to bite off the instructor's eyes.

Resha's bone sphere accurately flew into its mouth and lodged itself in its throat. Sweat covered his forehead as he focused to the limit, causing the bone sphere to rotate and crush the Mud Viper's windpipe, thereby suffocating it.

The bone sphere thrashed about within the suffocated Mud Viper's mouth and killed it a few seconds later.

"They're here!"

"Run!"

The students scattered to the corners of the shelter as more and more Mud Vipers entered through the broken entrance. Resha was the sole individual daring to stand out in the middle of the room. He grunted and seeped more Prana into the bone sphere, causing it to soak up the Mud Viper's blood.

Mystic Bone Art—Toxin Refinement!

With a tug of his mind, Resha pulled out the bone sphere from the Mud Viper's mouth. He caught it and licked the refined blood coating it, exhaling in satisfaction, "I can finally move my damn body a bit more seriously."

'Right, the refined toxins from a Mud Viper can temporarily suppress the Fragment Disease. It was what Resha used to train his Prana after this event. But to refine it takes considerable skill. Otherwise, the toxin would close up one's stomach walls and kill them. He faced a lot of issues as a result. But in this life, he has more than enough skill to purely turn the toxin into a tonic.' Inala analysed. Of course, the other five reincarnates had the same thought.

While Resha was in a reverie from the tonic's effects, Orakha rushed towards him and licked some of the blood from his bone sphere. Resha was stunned by his actions.

As Orakha relished the tonic's effects, Resha slammed the bone sphere on his face, dislocating his jaw.

Orakha fell to the ground, knocked unconscious. A group of Mud Vipers targeting Resha changed targets to the helpless Orakha. They tore off his hands to feast upon and recover some of their expended energy. It was a bloody sight.

Following that, the Mud Vipers turned Orakha into a sculpture and transported him out. It was a signal of his end.

At that moment, Resha turned around and stared at the figures of the reincarnates that had approached closer to him, having had the same thoughts as Orakha.

Resha stared at their stunned faces and the spot on his bone sphere that had been licked by Orakha. None among the students at this point should have been aware of the tonic he produced. The fact that Orakha knew to accurately target it meant information about him had been compromised.

Someone he had no knowledge about seemed to know everything there was to him. They didn't exist in his past life. Therefore, it could either be a side effect of his regression or a scheme by some heavenly being. In any case, their existence proved dangerous to him.

The thought didn't sit well with Resha. He stared at the remaining five reincarnates, "Dare provoke me, and you'll end up the same as that bastard."

The Main Character expressed his animosity towards them.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 4: First Love Interest
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A vast forest that stretched for thousands of kilometres, littered with mounds reaching as high as two hundred metres. Each mound was home to a Mud Viper colony.

The forest patch with trees reaching as high as 400 metres was treated no different to grass by the massive legs that seemed to descend from the skies. Clouds covered most of this giant's upper body. Such was its massiveness.

Spanning a length of 2 kilometres, a breadth of 0.6 kilometres and its tallest point reaching a whopping height of 1.6 kilometres, it was a moving mountain.

Empyrean Tusk!

Each of its footsteps thundered the ground, flattening large patches of the forest. A herd of Empyrean Tusks was now marching through this forest, leaving behind a wasteland in their wake.

There was at least a kilometre gap between two Empyrean Tusks, as such a distance was necessary if these massive bodies wanted to arrive at a halt without colliding with each other. Every creature shuddered at the thunderous sounds they released every time they trumpeted, causing heaven and earth to rattle in response.

But even these mighty creatures took great pains to waddle between the mounds, rerouting their path if the gap between the mounds was too narrow for them to pass through. Such was the danger posed by a Mud Viper's nest, for even a single nest contained a million of them.

If all the Mud Vipers in the forest region were provoked, not even the bones of the Empyrean Tusk herd would remain. Hence, these mammoth creatures exercised extra alertness.

But the weakest of the group, and the oldest had a failing eyesight. And hence, it had set foot on a nest, causing the Mud Vipers to crawl out of it en masse and swarm the 44th Empyrean Tusk.

As the 44th Empyrean Tusk was fighting off the Mud Vipers, the rest of the herd had already travelled a dozen kilometres. If it continued to delay, it would soon lose sight of the herd. Once stranded, it would be picked apart by the vicious Pranic Beasts that littered the territory.

It was why even Empyrean Tusks moved as a herd.

Mud Vipers continued to crawl over the 44th Empyrean Tusk's legs. The cultivators of the settlement began a series of bombardments along the stomach region, swatting away thousands every few seconds. But the enemy numbers just didn't seem to stop.

Many Mud Vipers began to reach the top as they swam like water through the grooves that traversed throughout the carapace on the Empyrean Tusk's back. Defensive units of cultivators were positioned in pivotal regions, but the numbers were too much for them to handle.

Some of them made their way to the Academy of Refinement, entering through the broken entrance as they swarmed the corpse of the instructor and gobbled him up. There was a lot of Prana in his body. It served as valuable nutrition, better than the students with fledgling amounts of Prana.

Until the instructor was consumed, the students wouldn't come under direct harm. Of course, that didn't apply to the Mud Vipers that didn't get a share of the instructor.

The situation was dire. Resha couldn't set his attention aside to focus on the reincarnates. 'This is a training opportunity. Using their toxins, I can quickly accumulate Prana. I won't get a better chance.'

Resha only had 12 Prana. It was a paltry sum and served no use other than to unleash some minor attacks. 'As long as I accumulate enough toxin, I should be able to reach 40 Prana by the end of this crisis.'

He was too weak to worry about others. Hence, raising his strength took priority. The moment Resha focused on fighting the Mud Viper stragglers, the reincarnates disappeared among the crowd of students.

'This is where Resha helps Ruvva.' Inala thought as he observed the faces of the panic-stricken students. He was looking for a particular girl based on the description in the novel. Ruvva was the first love interest to Resha in Sumatra Chronicles.

That ship never sailed as Ruvva ends up dead during the Second Minor Crisis. But she herself wasn't that important. The focus here was her grandmother.

Known as Granny Oyo among the Clansmen, she was the oldest surviving cultivator affected by the Fragment disease. She had plenty of knowledge regarding the disease itself. And when Resha saves Ruvva, Granny Oyo concocts various tonic that allowed him to increase his Prana.

She was an important character during the initial phase of the story and opened one of the most important routes in curing the disease. Therefore, it was apparent that the reincarnates were searching for Ruvva.

'Tender face, swan-like features, shoulder-length hair, and a tiny mole on her chin.' Inala soon found the person in question. But just as he intended to approach her, he noticed her hugging Virala nervously. 'When did this fucker become this close with her?'

Inala was stunned. But once he recalled the events, he understood what had happened. When Orakha targeted Resha to lick the tonic, Blola, Grehha, and Yennda were nearby. They were only a second late to act as compared to Orakha.

And when Resha knocked out Orakha and caused the Mud Vipers to catch him, the trio were stunned.

Inala hadn't moved from his original spot as he had other plans and only intended to observe Resha in action. But Virala, this acting coward was already on the move. After locating Ruvva, he used his slick tongue to get her to rely upon him.

At first, Inala intended to fight Virala, but he changed his mind at a second glance, 'No, all I would do is waste my time here. It would just seem like a scheme. Ruvva wouldn't trust me enough for Granny Oyo to assist me. Besides, the other three will try to approach Ruvva too. Change of plans then.'

There was more than one way to get Granny Oyo's assistance. It was something he had thought about years ago, during one of his daydreaming sessions about Sumatra Chronicles.

Inala waddled through the crowd slowly as he took out the rugged bone sphere from his pouch. Once he infused his Prana into it, the rugged bone sphere awkwardly floated in the air. Even though the necessary memory and experience were in his body, this was his first time, so there was a bit of awkwardness.

But even that was enough as he slowly brought the rugged bone sphere to the ceiling of the room. He then positioned it to the back of a Mud Viper that had latched onto a student's leg.

He waited patiently, for some reason grinning like a psychopath even when the student's flesh was ripped apart by the Mud Viper. As it gobbled up the flesh, a window of chance presented itself.

"Go!" He brought down the bone sphere with force and slammed it on the Mud Viper's back, knocking it into a state of concussion and delirium. As the Mud Viper struggled to recover from the attack, Inala rushed towards it and grabbed its forearm.

He lifted it like a water hose and twisted its arm, causing it to reflexively launch a mud ball. 'Success!'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 5: A Bold, Daring Move
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

During the latter half of Sumatra Chronicles, once Resha is cured of his disease and becomes strong, he hunts for Mud Vipers to collect their toxins in order to refine an elixir. When he experiments on their bodies, he discovered a weak spot on their back that was akin to a human's lower jaw.

When impacted, the Mud Viper loses control over all motor functions for a couple of minutes. At that time, when their forelimbs are cranked up by a third party, they would instinctively shoot mud balls until they're drained of all Prana.

It was hard to make note of this weak spot through the novel's description alone, which was why Inala observed Resha's actions. Resha's bone sphere accurately slammed the spot, knocking the Mud Vipers out of commission before he targeted their insides to refine their toxin into a tonic.

After seeing it a few times, Inala was able to confirm the location and hence took action. With a weak body whose brittle bones would break at the slightest exertion, this was his only way to fight.

"Urgh!" He grunted in pain that made him wish he could curl up in a corner and give up on everything. All he did was lift the upper body of the Mud Viper. It felt like nails were hammered into his body as a couple of locations on his arms fractured from the exertion.

'Endure! Endure! Endure!' Inala hypnotised himself with the bright cultivation future that awaited him to endure the pain and press forward. He pointed the mouth towards the shelter's entrance and shot a mud ball.

The aim was off a little as it flew through the open entrance and slammed into the face of a Mud Viper. He wasn't targeting the Mud Vipers, but the wall, intending to close the entrance.

After a few failed shots, he began to stack up the mud balls around the corner of the entrance, beginning to gradually close them. But of course, one Mud Viper wasn't enough, especially since the Mud Vipers began to break apart the hardened walls to widen the gap once again.

Some Mud Vipers had noticed his actions and crawled towards him. He hurriedly dropped the Prana-less Mud Viper, inhaled a deep breath, and shouted, "Grehha! Come help me!"

"What the? Why me?" Grehha was surprised. Out of everyone, Inala called him. He had just worked together with Virala to kill a Mud Viper and protect Ruvva. His contribution to the kill paled in response to Virala.

Upon seeing how most of Ruvva's gratitude went towards Virala, he was feeling frustrated as is. But hearing Inala's shout, he observed the situation and understood the latter's plan, grinning, "He's forging a new path, huh?"

"Count me in." Grehha rushed towards Inala and clapped his hands aloud, garnering the attention of the three Mud Vipers targeting the latter.

"Come get me." He flinched in pain, for that loud clap seemed to have cracked his palm. He almost lost his breath when he was forced to roll on the ground and evade a couple of mud balls.

Thankfully, while he distracted them, Inala dropped the bone spheres on the three Mud Vipers one after another.

"Shoot!" Inala propped up a Mud Viper as his eyes were bloodshot from the fracturing pain his body experienced. He aimed at the entrance and blasted off a volley of mud balls.

Grehha gasped for air and panted as he lifted his Mud Viper and did the same. His vision spun; he couldn't feel his arms. Rolling on the ground was too much for his bones to handle.

"Ugh!" Inala grunted when a mud ball slammed into his left foot, rooting him to the spot. He didn't have enough physical strength to break free. His only option was to seal the hole.

Working together with Grehha, they shot mud balls in quick succession, covering up the entrance. The hardened mud wall wasn't tough enough. As long as the Mud Vipers ram into it enough times, they would break the walls.

Moreover, they also secreted a toxin that could loosen up the hardened mud wall. It was their ability, after all.

Inala dropped the emptied Mud Viper and lifted the third one, using it to target the Mud Vipers approaching him. By now, a few mud balls had landed on him. His legs, torso, and left arm had been turned into a sculpture.

But the hardening of his left arm meant it could bear part of the Mud Viper's weight that he was holding, which allowed him to aim better. His free right hand was enough.

Inala and Grehha were nervous, for the Mud Vipers continued to slither towards them. Those constricted by a mud wall took a minute to free themselves before joining the pursuit.

All the students were fighting against the Mud Vipers. And even though the entrance had been sealed, plenty had barged into the shelter already.

Soon, Inala was overwhelmed.

"Shit!" He flinched in fright when a Mud Viper leaped at him. Thankfully, he aimed his rugged bone sphere on time into its mouth, choking it. His eyes darted to the Mud Viper in his hand, 'It can shoot a few more mud balls.'

There were too many Mud Vipers left. With him constricted to the spot, it was only a matter of time before he would die. His heart thumped as his eyes fell on the enclosed entrance. After a moment of hesitation, he boldly aimed the Mud Viper at his legs and shot mud balls in a flurry.

'Death is everywhere in Sumatra. If I leave things to chance, only death awaits me.' Thinking as such, Inala shot the remaining mud balls on his head, saving the last for his right hand.

Once he shot the last one, he dropped the Mud Viper, barely repositioned his arm through the mud, and felt it harden completely. With that, he had become a sculpture. Positioned before his nose was his rugged bone sphere, also covered by mud.

He angled it a centimetre away from his nose. Thereby when it was covered by the mud, there was a narrow passage open below, enough for him to breathe. But it was hidden enough that none would notice the gap until they were to look from close up.

Since he had affixed himself to the floor with many layers of mud balls, it would take the Mud Vipers at least ten minutes to break it free before they could transport him away.

Why would they waste that much time on him when plenty of easy prey were nearby?

As a wise man once said, 'When a bear chases you, pray not to be the fastest but faster than your running friend.'

That way, once the bear catches the slower friend, it would stop to eat him, giving him more than enough time to run to safety. This was precisely what Inala had done here.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 6: Surviving The First Minor Crisis
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'I can barely hear the sound.' Inala was nervous, afraid even, for oftentimes, it felt like a Mud Viper slithered past him. The sounds of the students using their bone weapons to combat the Mud Vipers resounded like muffled rain as they slammed into the ground.

Most of the attacks weren't fast enough to land a hit on the agile Mud Vipers. So, they often slammed into the floor. Strangely, even as the situation turned chaotic, Inala hadn't been targeted.

"This daring bastard." Grehha whistled in praise at Inala's actions. Unfortunately, he couldn't attempt that, for he only had one captured Mud Viper to use. And its Prana had already been expended.

He pinched the mouth of the Mud Viper in his possession, causing it to secrete a certain toxin that loosened up the hardened mud on his body, allowing him to break free after a while. He stared at the three Mud Vipers that he had taken down with Inala.

After a thought, he tied up their tails into a knot. He seemed to be an expert in ropes and made a tight knot that couldn't be broken free. But if he so wished, he could undo it easily.

Grehha coiled the bodies of the three Mud Vipers around him like he was braiding himself, turning into a roll. Using the same method that Resha used to suffocate the Mud Vipers, he ensured the three fell unconscious. Of course, he didn't kill them, for that would break his cover.

Now as a roll of Mud Vipers, he rolled towards a corner of the shelter and remained there, playing dead. His body was entirely covered up by the Mud Vipers. And since they were alive, the other Mud Vipers didn't approach him.

Mud Vipers sensed the life force of their targets to attack. And since three Mud Vipers were on a prey, they didn't bother to join in, especially since there was still plenty of prey around.

When a bear chases you…you know the drill. Grehha did the same to avoid the fight.

'That guy…' Resha stared at the sculpture formed by Inala. Thanks to the tonic, his Fragment Disease was suppressed, allowing him to throw a small Mud Viper at the sculpture. He intended to sabotage Inala's plan.

The Mud Viper shook its head from the impact and observed the sculpture. Judging that it was annoying to melt through the hardened mud layers alone, it slithered away to target another student. The youngest batch of students was only ten years old, too helpless to defend against these Pranic Beasts.

They became the easiest targets.

"Tch!" Seeing his plan fail, Resha clicked his tongue. He lifted his bone sphere and sucked in the tonic it had accumulated thanks to his Skill of Toxin Refinement.

His Prana values had already shot up to 16 now. The tonic he accumulated was enough to raise his Prana to 20 units. 'I'm halfway there. I'll accumulate some more.'

Just as Resha killed another Mud Viper, he noticed Ruvva from the corner of his eye. She was being protected by Virala. It seemed by fighting together for some time, the duo had developed a decent level of trust in each other.

Even though Resha didn't have any romantic interest towards Ruvva, at the sight of Virala deepening his relationship with her using the situation, a sense of anger and revulsion welled up in him, 'Virala, right?'

"Once this ends, I'll kill you." His eyes were cold as Resha increased his killing pace.

Seated in one corner of the room and drinking the blood of an unconscious Mud Viper was Blola. He felt a constricting sensation in his stomach due to the toxins. It felt like his stomach walls were gradually closing up.

Blola didn't panic at the process. Instead, he calmly surfed through the memories of his body and activated the cultivation technique of the Mammoth Clan, one of the best Sumatra had to offer.

Mystic Bone Art!

Mystic Bone Art speeds up one's digestion speed, thereby circulating enriched blood throughout the body. As the heart rate increases to levels an athlete would reach while on top sprint, the body's functions attain peak performance.

This was no different from undergoing rigorous training as the body's fat and carbohydrate reserves are consumed rapidly. In this clocked state, the body's muscles undergo minor tears. As the Prana circulates through the damaged areas, the muscles heal and are reforged stronger.

This was the basic principle of Mystic Bone Art. It strengthened the body on all levels. And the core of this art lay in the digestion of the ingested food. Therefore, even though Blola ingested the Mud Viper's blood full of toxins, once he circulated the art, the pain in his stomach eased up.

He would have died if he ingested its venom sack. Therefore, he started with the blood that had the mildest dose of toxin, intending to acclimate to it first. Moreover, as he circulated the Mystic Bone Art, his Prana was gradually increasing.

Prana was an energy condensed from the energies of the soul, mind, and body. Therefore, the best elixir to develop it was to drink the blood of a Pranic Beast while it was alive.

As Blola continued to do so, he exuded a bloody smell, causing the Mud Vipers nearby to flee in panic, for it was a deep stench of their blood he was emanating. At that moment, he was registered as a predator in their minds.

It wouldn't work if he had been alone, for even predators were food when one was hungry enough. But as there was enough prey to go around, the Mud Vipers didn't take the risk.

Time passed in such a fashion as the 44th Empyrean Tusk slowly moved on from the Mud Viper nest it had collapsed. Once it reached far away, the surviving Mud Vipers retreated, carrying with them the people they had turned into sculptures.

The shelter in the Academy of Refinement was safe thanks to the entrance being blocked. As a result, the retreat signal wasn't sensed by the Mud Vipers within. And once the Empyrean Tusk was safe, the elites rushed into the shelter and slaughtered the remaining Mud Vipers.

'I survived that.' Inala sighed in relief as he inhaled large gulps of air, watching the hardened mud on him fall off. The Clan had the reagents necessary to dissolve it. He collapsed to the floor in pain, for his bones had fractured in multiple places.

"You want to live that badly, huh?" A cold voice resounded. A middle-aged man stood before Inala, emotionlessly observing the latter. A robust body akin to steel, pair of eyes that were cold enough for the onlooker to feel like they were in a blizzard, and a suffocating stench of blood that could never be washed away.

At the sight of the middle-aged man, Inala trembled in fear, easily recognising the features repeatedly stated in Sumatra Chronicles, 'The 44th Empyrean Tusk's Settlement Leader. Why did this madman have to come here?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 7: Extorting The Regressor
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'Why did this madman have to come here?' Inala became nervous to the extent he experienced a state of breathlessness. Most of it was thanks to the bloodlust released by the middle-aged man before him.

Inala wasn't used to such a sight and hence felt overwhelmed both physically and mentally.

The 44th Settlement Leader, Bora Tusk. Only the leaders of each settlement had the right to add the suffix 'Tusk' to their names. It signified their leadership status.

Bora had been alive for more than two centuries. And during his long, bloody life, he saw too many of his Clansmen die. As a result, it messed him up mentally, causing him to begin observing people as no more than meat shields with a bit of power.

His craziness was only amplified by the 44th Empyrean Tusk's gaining old age. If it were to die, they'll be stranded, homeless. In Sumatra, without the support of an Empyrean Tusk, a Mammoth Clansmen would die a horrible death.

Therefore, he had taken plenty of radical measures. One of them was to send away the parents of children with the Fragment Disease into the wilderness of Sumatra. Their mission was to find a young Empyrean Tusk for their settlement to migrate towards.

And until they succeed, they were banned from returning home. They were sent on this mission on the condition that their kids would be nurtured until adulthood. Otherwise, their policy was generally to throw those with the Fragment Disease into the mouth of a Prana Beast during infancy itself.

That would conserve their resources.

Of course, Sumatra Continent was too dangerous. Most of these parents ended up dead. In the story, Resha's parents would end up succeeding in their mission and return. It was a detail revealed way later in the story.

But until that happened, the parents of those with Fragment Disease were labelled missing in action. Bora Tusk had severe mood swings. It wouldn't come as a surprise if he straight-up killed a student when bothered.

So, Inala was nervous.

"Sealing up the entrance using the mud balls was your doing, right?" Bora Tusk stared at Inala, continuing without waiting for a response, "And when you achieved your objective, you decisively turned yourself into a sculpture. That's why someone as weak as you managed to survive."

Inala prostrated on the ground as a sign of respect. But he dared not say anything. Throughout the story, every time someone talked to Bora Tusk, things always took a negative turn. Therefore, remaining silent and expressing his intention through body language was the best bet.

"Hmm, 210 students from the over 300 survived." Bora Tusk muttered as he looked around the shelter, "If it hadn't been for you sealing up the entrance, more than half would have lost their lives."

Originally, Bora Tusk shouldn't have arrived here. He would be busy forming an expedition team to recover as many elites captured by the Mud Vipers as possible. Students were of his least concern. After all, the amount of resources expended to nurture an elite was an exorbitant sum. It would be a loss to the settlement if an elite was killed.

In contrast, a student had no value to the Clan before they matured. If they died, so be it. More can be birthed. That was in line with the Mammoth Clan's thought process. Only by pumping out babies en masse were they able to persevere through the insane death rate.

'It seems he was interested in the sealed entrance and arrived here to check things out. If I'm right, he might reward me.' Inala thought, trying his best to remain calm.

"As I thought, you need to be rewarded." Bora Tusk said after some consideration, "Sumatra doesn't follow the law of survival of the strong, but the survival of the fittest."

"You," He patted Inala, "are fit to survive here."

He brought out a box and inserted his hand through the entrance. After a while of shuffling about, he took out a vial and gave it to Inala, "Since you desire to increase your Prana, this Low-Grade Elixir will be your reward. With your body's condition though, you can at most gain 20 Prana, such a waste."

With a snort, he turned around and left the shelter, his sight falling on Resha, Blola, and Grehha. His lips quivered to form a mild smile, 'There are some brats with strong survival desires.'

"An Elixir…" Inala muttered in a daze as he stared at the tiny vial. As Bora Tusk said, it was a waste in his possession. Low-Grade Elixir it might be, but it can raise one's Prana by a hundred. It was a priceless treasure.

But as he had the Fragment Disease, even if he did his utmost, it would be a wonder if he gained 20 Prana. That was a waste of an Elixir. Still, as it was already rewarded to him, it was his right to do whatever he pleased with it.

The students flashed him with gazes of envy. For by consuming the Elixir, they could graduate from the Academy of Refinement and gain the power to truly fight the dangers of Sumatra.

"Inala, you have a minute?" Resha calmly arrived next to Inala and stood there, emanating a gentle wave of killing intent to thwart the students away. A good number of them intended to exchange the Elixir for a number of resources.

Only trade was a possibility. If it was stolen, the elites would know and realise the perpetrator based on the increase in their Prana levels. That was why none expressed any intention to steal. There was at least that level of rules and regulations in place.

'Of course, he wants some benefit.' Inala nodded calmly, wishing to see what proposal this resourceful regressor had.

"Give me half of the Elixir. In return, I'll help you gain 40 Prana." Resha proposed.

"70 Prana," Inala said calmly, "Otherwise, forget it."

"Are you shitting me?" Resha expressed killing intent. "Do you dare believe anyone can give you a better offer? If you consume the Elixir, you'll at most get 16 Prana. My offer gives you more than double that amount."

"If you were the Resha from yesterday, I would have been surprised and wondered how you know such a priceless method. Eventually, I would accept. But," Inala snorted, "You're a completely different person today. I have been observing you fight. It seems as if you know about things I dare not fathom."

"What are you getting at?" Resha glared in anger, 'Is this bastard probing me?'

"Forty Prana, plus the method you used on the Mud Vipers." Inala said calmly, "If you accept it, then we have a deal."

"You're ripping me off!" If not for the elites still in the vicinity, Resha would have killed Inala. 'It took me ten years to perfect the Toxin Refinement Skill. This bastard wants it for merely half a Low-Grade Elixir? Fucking…'

"If you don't want it, then leave." Inala opened the cork and was about to down the Elixir, "Don't interfere with the proposals of the other students."

"You're wasting that Elixir." Resha gritted his teeth to the extent clattering sounds were audible to Inala's ears.

"It's mine anyway," Inala shrugged, "I can dump it or spit on it, whatever I want. You're the one with the desire, not me."

'Bastard!' It was indeed true that Resha desired it the most since it would save him a lot of time in building up strength. His Toxin Refinement Skill was powerful, but his current body was too weak to efficiently use it. Its advantages would only show during the late game period.

But in this initial phase, it didn't have much value. In the end, Resha relented as he took out his bone sphere and inscribed the Toxin Refinement Skill in it. He handed it unwillingly to Inala, "Wash your neck and beware."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 8: Elixir Condensation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The adults were calmly moving the corpses of the Mud Vipers. Their attention was on Inala, more so on the Elixir in his possession. It would be a lie to say they didn't desire it, for consuming an Elixir gave them at least a couple of years' worth of Prana accumulated through nonstop training.

All Elixirs were strictly managed by Bora Tusk. They were in his possession. And the only way to get one was to impress him. Inala managed to do that and hence was awarded the Elixir.

And now, many had felt the killing intent unleashed by Resha. So, they calmly observed the conversing duo. If Resha were to unjustly steal the Elixir, it would undermine Bora Tusk's authority. When that happened, they would give him a swift death.

Resha too understood it, which was why he dare not make a move on Inala. 'This isn't the time to let my emotions get the best of me.'

"Wash my neck for what?" Inala snorted exasperatedly in worry, "Are you threatening me about a fair trade?"

"Did I force you to buy it? Didn't you accept the proposal? Why are you acting as if I stole your resources?" Inala unleashed a flurry of arguments. He had six years experience in being a keyboard warrior. Engaging in arguments was his speciality, as all keyboard warriors did.

Arguments weren't a speciality of Sumatra, since after a couple of words of disagreement, it would usually lead to an exchange of death blows. Therefore, people weren't trained in the air of fighting with words, including Resha.

Hearing Inala's words, Resha was stunned, unable to make a comeback argument.

Grabbing the offered bone sphere, Inala infused his Prana into it, immediately sensing a stream of information enter his mind and solidify into the Skill of Toxin Refinement. He observed the Skill's effect, 'Just as the novel stated, this Skill can only be used on living creatures. It isn't efficient to perform on dead Pranic Beasts.'

Using it on a dead Pranic Beast was inefficient as the consumed Prana was more than the effects of the tonic created. There was no benefit in doing so. But that didn't mean he shouldn't attempt it once.

Mystic Bone Art—Toxin Refinement!

Inala pushed his rugged bone sphere into the mouth of a Mud Viper corpse and activated the Skill. Prana flowed out of the rugged bone sphere, absorbed the toxins from the Mud Viper's venom sack, and began the refinement.

His Prana was fully expended as Inala brought out his rugged bone sphere. Absorbed in it was a couple millilitres of the Mud Viper Tonic.

"What is the meaning of this?" Resha glared at the rugged bone sphere hovering before his face. "You don't trust me?"

"Nope," Inala said in confidence, "So, test it out for me, will you?"

"Fine…" Resha grumbled and consumed the two millilitres. Nothing unusual happened to him, proving the authenticity of the Skill. "There, happy?"

'There doesn't seem to be any signs of tampering done to the Skill. He could have also done so to make side effects appear after a long duration or when a large amount is consumed.' As Inala had no knowledge of the Toxin Refinement Skill, even if it had been tampered with, he wouldn't know. Therefore, it was best to test its effects.

Inala observed from the corner of his eyes the gazes of the reincarnates. They intended to make a deal with him to benefit from the Toxin Refinement Skill. 'I have the perfect guinea pigs!'

"Now, the method to gain 40 Prana." Inala smiled and extended his hand.

"Never," Resha glared, "I'll help you absorb it, but I'm never giving you the method."

"What to do…" Inala sported an expression of false worry, "I was expecting the method. You can't force me to reveal myself defencelessly to you, right? I don't trust you, after all."

Resha intended to help Inala in absorbing the Elixir by infusing his Prana into the latter. The reason he accepted was simple: He had methods to forcefully dominate an opponent's Prana.

The moment Inala allows Resha to guide his Prana, his life and death would fall under the control of Resha. 'Too bad, Resha. I know your character well enough to know what you'll attempt here. But you don't know me and that gives me the advantage in this trade.'

This was why he cleverly asked for the Toxin Refinement Skill first. And only after learning it did he ask for the method to increase the effectiveness of the Elixir. If he revealed that beforehand, Resha wouldn't have accepted the deal.

But now, Resha had no other choice. He was halfway across the bridge. He had yet to gain the Elixir, but he had already given out the Toxin Refinement Skill. If he backed out now, he'll fall into the abyss. The loss he suffered would come to haunt him for a long time.

"Well, I feel bad for you. So, I'll give you the entire vial of Elixir." As Resha was dangling on the shaky bridge, a path of hope lit up in the form of Inala.

"In return," Inala smiled, "Teach me the method."

'The full Elixir?' Resha's anger wavered. With it, he would cross 100 Prana. That was the same as graduating from the Academy. He would gain the qualifications to obtain tremendous power. 'Moreover, it will allow me to train and consolidate my strength before the First Major Disaster. This time, I'll be able to fully inherit the power of an Empyrean Tusk.'

"Fine," His anger vanished automatically. It didn't matter if he suffered a loss here. No, it wasn't even a loss. With the Elixir, he was saving a year's worth of time. It would allow him to become many times stronger than his past life self.

"Swear it on your parents that both the methods you gave me haven't been tampered with." Inala extended his hand to give the Elixir but suddenly retracted it.

Resha felt the urge to kill Inala once again, "You know I'm an orphan. That kind of oath…"

"But you respect them, right?" Inala spoke as if it was natural, "Even if they aren't there, a son would never disrespect his parents. So, an oath taken on their name is the most trustworthy."

It wasn't absolute, as there were plenty of people that would make empty promises, but not Resha, especially on his parents. After all, they were alive. He was aware of that. And he indeed respected them the most, for they sacrificed their lives just for his sake. Therefore, if he made an oath in their name, then it was guaranteed to be the absolute truth.

"You're a despicable guy, you know?" Resha made an oath in the name of his parents and inscribed the method on his bone sphere before throwing it to Inala.

"Eh? Am I? Really? You sure?" Inala acted innocent as he gave away the Elixir and absorbed the method. The related knowledge condensed in his mind, allowing him to mentally leap in joy.

Mystic Bone Art—Elixir Condensation!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 9: Live as a Cultivator
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inala's original plan was to use his contribution—in successfully closing the shelter's entrance—to request Granny Oyo's help. When the elites arrive to rescue the students, they would obviously reward him.

But, things went above his expectations when Bora Tusk made an appearance and rewarded him with an Elixir. That forced him to swiftly change his plans.

There was no guarantee that a plan might work on Sumatra unless one was aware of all variables. Therefore, the moment there was the slightest change, one would need to quickly incorporate that change into their plans.

That was Inala's motto once he realised he was being reincarnated into this treacherous world. So, once he gained an Elixir, his plans adapted accordingly.

Not for a moment did he plan to consume it. After all, he was afflicted by the Fragment Disease. Even if he raised his Prana values, it would plummet over time. Prana was a fusion of the energies of the Soul, Mind, and Body.

In his case, his body was a mess. Therefore, every time his bones crack, his Prana would be permanently consumed to repair the damage. Without Prana, even the expansion and contraction of his lungs when he breathed was enough to shatter his ribcage and kill him.

Hence, consuming the Elixir at this point was useless. His first priority would be to get used to Prana and train in it. As his Prana values increase by training and plummet through bone damage, he would gain experience in preserving his Prana.

Resha had enough experience—thanks to his past life—to preserve his Prana when his bones crack. Therefore, he had the confidence to maintain his Prana values without any loss after consuming the Elixir.

Inala had made the plan keeping all this in mind. Thankfully, he succeeded. His knowledge of the Sumatra Chronicles was only theoretical. He knew the effects of the various Skills but had no idea how they functioned.

In the novel, all it was mentioned was that the Toxin Refinement Skill turned a toxin into a tonic. That gave zero knowledge about the actual process. Now, he possessed the Skill, and with it came the relevant knowledge.

As long as he studied it, he would be able to fill up his lacking practical knowledge. In the long run, that would help him survive with greater success.

Since his transaction with Resha was completed, Inala got up and groaned in pain while he walked towards Grehha. The latter had crawled out of the roll of Mud Vipers by now.

Seeing his approach, Grehha flashed an amicable smile, "Share the rewards with me, will you?"

"I sold it to Resha." Saying so, Inala crouched to pick up a Mud Viper.

Grehha caught his hand, preventing him from carrying the Mud Viper, "That's mine."

"I knocked this one out," Inala said, not budging an inch.

"You claimed full contribution in closing the entrance. In that vein of thought, I'm claiming these three Mud Vipers." Grehha still maintained his amicable smile.

"Let go…" Inala grumbled.

"You let go," Grehha laughed.

The duo stared at each other for a few seconds before Inala proposed, "I'll give you two litres of Mud Viper Tonic."

"You gained that method from Resha, huh?" Grehha's smile widened in response, "Teach it to me…"

"You know I can't," Inala acted like he was helpless, "I haven't reached high enough proficiency in the Mystic Bone Art to inscribe information in a piece of bone."

Through the Mystic Bone Art, a Mammoth Clansmen could inscribe a vast sea of knowledge within a small piece of bone. Resha had done that to give Inala the Skills of Toxin Refinement and Elixir Condensation.

Moreover, once the transfer of knowledge was completed, the information within the bone sphere vanished automatically. That needed an even higher application of Mystic Bone Art than simply inscribing information into a piece of bone.

Obviously, Inala could do neither of that. He could only shrug in response, "If you want it that badly, you can ask the source to teach it to you."

"Haha," Grehha laughed wryly. That would be a death sentence. Orakha tried to forcefully acquaint with Resha and ended up being captured by the Mud Vipers. He was probably dead by now. Grehha intended to surpass the regressor, but this was too early to do so.

Only something like an Elixir gave one the right to deal with the regressor, and that only at this early in the game. In the future, Resha would drink Elixirs like it was water.

Grehha had no tools or ability in his arsenal that gave him an edge over Resha. So, transacting with the regressor was impossible. If he was careless and triggered the latter, he might be killed instead. In the end, he had to give in to Inala's demands, "Give me ten litres."

"I'll give you four," Inala argued.

"I won't go below eight." Grehha increased the strength in his grip, "We could be here all day. I don't mind."

"Fine, eight litres it is." Inala relented in the end. He didn't have a choice. One litre of the Mud Viper Tonic increased Prana by ten, not to mention suppressing the effects of the Fragment Disease.

It will take forever to refine eight litres. Even if Grehha cooperated, they only had three alive Mud Vipers in their possession. It was apparent Grehha intended to rely on Inala to raise his Prana values safely.

"I'll visit you every time my Mud Vipers refill their venom sack." Saying so, Grehha dragged his two Mud Vipers and exited the shelter.

'It seems he has a plan regarding them.' Inala thought. He had no idea about what went on in Grehha's mind though. Sumatra Chronicles was as detailed as possible. Even after spending six years pondering about 'What if?' scenarios in the novel setting during his daydreaming sessions, Inala had only mapped out some methods that he felt would grant him an advantage if he were to ever be in that world, something all ardent readers did.

Grehha might have figured out a method of his own too. 'That's a definite possibility. There was a reason us six were picked for this.'

Once he exited the shelter, Inala noticed a massive pile of Mud Viper corpses on the open grounds in the academy. The pile reached a height surpassing a hundred metres.

The cultivators were working on compressing them into massive meatballs, each forty to fifty metres in diameter. They would be fed to the Empyrean Tusk.

The Empyrean Tusk wasn't just a Pranic Beast, its body was an entire ecosystem, with its own food generation. The food generated by the Empyrean Tusk in its belly was what the Mammoth Clansmen consumed.

They consumed only that, for this food perfectly complimented their Mystic Bone Art. It was stated that the ancestor of the Mammoth Clan could communicate with the Empyrean Tusks. And jointly, they created the Mystic Bone Art.

From then on, the descendants of the Mammoth Clan lived on the Empyrean Tusks in a symbiotic relationship with each other.

'There's a lot to take in. I really am in Sumatra.' Inala stared up and observed massive floating planets far up in the sky. No one knew what lay in there. There didn't exist any Pranic Beast in Sumatra Continent capable of flight, neither were cultivators.

Therefore, the secrets of those celestial bodies observable from throughout Sumatra Continent remained a mystery, until the end of the novel. 'Fucking author. I was looking forward to the arc where Resha would explore those worlds.'

Inala climbed the tallest building in the academy and stared out from there, able to see the head of his Empyrean Tusk, partially covered by clouds. Slowly, heavy steps, one after another, with its body remaining perfectly horizontal throughout the motion to the extent the Mammoth Clan oftentimes forgot they were on a moving Pranic Beast.

He stared at the forest beyond the Empyrean Tusk. Lush greenery, covered with mounds, and Mud Vipers scuttling within in the billions. Danger existed everywhere. That was Sumatra. He was finally able to take in the splendour of a cultivation world. Despite its treacherous nature, it allowed him to live his dream…

As a cultivator!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 10: Spirit Container
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Academy of Refinement, Dorm of the Abandoned!

It was a dorm for the orphan students to live in. Since they don't have a family, they wouldn't have a house in the Clan. As the Clan rules state, all houses belong to the Mammoth Clan. A cultivator only lives in the house fit for his strength and based on his contribution to the Clan.

Even the Settlement Leader was no exception. Therefore, the orphans were accommodated within the academy itself. But the Clan seriously called it the Dorm of the Abandoned. They had no chill in such matters.

In a room on the topmost floor of the dorm was Inala. He had been living here for the past month. The topmost floor was risky to be in, as if any attacks were to happen, this was the farthest away from a shelter. It was also situated in the least guarded region. But conversely, the room was also the largest.

It spanned an area of forty square metres, the biggest one could find in the academy. The rooms of the other students just consisted enough area to lay down the mattress and sleep. The risks were well worth the area, hence Inala daringly shifted to this room.

"Barely succeeded, phew!" He exhaled softly as he stared at a large rectangular board of hardened mud. The surface was smooth and even had a glossy sheen to it.

Sprawled on the floor next to it was an unconscious Mud Viper. It had spat out mud today too, forced to do so by Inala after its weakness had been taken advantage of.

After feeding it two balls of Maeta, meatballs produced exclusively by the Empyrean Tusk, Inala tied it up once again. Next to him was a bunch of pottery, all made from the mud released by the Mud Viper.

His control over Prana was severely lacking. Therefore, to raise his proficiency, he began to make pottery. By this point, he had adapted to the cultivation world and stabilised his knowledge with some experience.

There existed four Cultivation Stages in Sumatra: Spirit, Body, Life, and Transcendence.

The Stage of Transcendence was only briefly mentioned towards the end of the novel, so it wasn't something to think about. If not for the fucking author that killed the…

Spirit was the earliest stage on the road of cultivation. It focused on the refinement of the cultivator's mind and soul.

In Sumatra, every human was born a cultivator without exception. And at birth, they possessed one Prana. Those with talent were born with more Prana.

There were many cultivation techniques to train Prana, graded accordingly to their effectiveness. The cultivation technique of the Mammoth Clan belonged at the top of Sumatra.

Just accumulating Prana wasn't enough to cultivate. One's Spirit must be strong enough to create containers that can hold Prana stably in the body. As Prana's nature—composed of mind, soul, and body—of existence, it can only be contained in a vessel where the three elements converge. That was a Spirit Container.

For every unit of Prana, a Spirit Container needs to be created. Without a container, even if one gains Prana and stores it in the body, at the slightest mishap, the Prana would leak.

The mishap can even be something minor like being rattled emotionally. That was enough if the Spirit Container wasn't strong enough. The only way to strengthen it was through repeated, focused, and dedicated practice, especially on activities that could strain one's mind to the extreme. By training the mind, body, and Prana repeatedly, the Spirit Container is strengthened.

That was the essence of cultivation during the Spirit Stage. It was why Inala multitasked in his pottery sessions. It trained all fronts with spectacular efficiency. Moreover, pottery had other uses too, monetary ones.

In the Spirit Stage, a cultivator could refine and control an object as if it was an extension of their body. Cultivators in the Mammoth Clan refined and controlled bones.

The ability was similar to psychokinesis and decently lethal. By refining a piece of bone, Inala was imprinting his Spirit into it, thereby able to control it. The refined object would become the cultivator's exclusive Spirit Weapon.

Everyone only used one Spirit Weapon to fight, as the effectiveness of the ability dropped exponentially when more than one Spirit Weapon was controlled at the same time.

One would reach the peak of the Spirit Stage after accumulating 100 Prana. But the greater the Prana in your body, the greater the strain on your Spirit Containers. For, Spirit Containers were connected to the body. And the body's exertion actually affected them.

For Inala, even crossing 40 Prana would be dangerous. It would put too much pressure on his body. Coupled with his condition, his Spirit containers might collapse automatically, causing the stored Prana to be wasted. This was why he didn't consume the Elixir.

He wouldn't even be able to handle the pressure, and by the next day, his Prana values might drop to the single digits.

The only way to offset the risk was to understand the inner mechanics of Spirit Containers and the effect Fragment Disease had on them.

With a complete understanding, Inala would be able to focus the damage onto one Spirit Container alone. Thereby, even when it breaks, all he would lose is one Prana. That wasn't hard to recover.

When a Mammoth Clansmen accumulates 100 Prana and stabilises their Spirit Containers, they would reach the zenith of the Spirit Stage. Following that, once they fuse the 100 Spirit Containers into a single, stable Spirit Container, they would enter the Body Stage. This was where the fun started. Inala's greatest plan to surpass Resha lay here.

Once they reach the Body Stage, a Mammoth Clansmen would capture a Pranic Beast egg and begin refining it. The shell of the egg fell under the influence of the Mystic Bone Art, including the contents within. Hence, it could be refined.

Once the egg is fully refined, it will fuse with the Spirit Container, thereby becoming one with the Mammoth Clansmen, allowing them to transform into the said Pranic Beast. They gain all powers of the Pranic Beast, including its Prana Capacity.

Innately, a human's Spirit Container can only withstand 100 Prana. But after this fusion process, the cultivator's Spirit Container becomes the Pranic Beast itself, gaining its characteristics, thereby being able to store more Prana.

But there was a trick here. Pranic Beasts were divided into Grades of Iron, Silver, Gold, and Mystic. Each Grade was then subdivided into Beginner, Intermediate, Advanced, and Expert.

Mud Vipers were classified as Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, the lowest of the low. At maturity, they held a maximum of 300 Prana.

An Intermediate Iron Grade Pranic Beast held Prana between 300 and 600, and so on.

An Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast like the Empyrean Tusk at maturity holds around 7200 to 8400 Prana. They weren't even in the same dimension of comparison. And in Sumatra Chronicles, Resha becomes an Empyrean Tusk, attaining unmatchable power.

But even he died to the Boar King. During the Fourth Major Disaster, the Mammoth Clan was annihilated. Therefore, to survive, sheer strength wouldn't be sufficient. Picking a Pranic Beast with a versatile surviving nature was necessary.

Inala already had his choice in mind. To prepare for that, he first needed to raise his value to the Clan. Only then would he be granted a house to live in after graduation. And to attain his desired Pranic Beast egg, he had to get a certain house no matter the cost.

The only way to do that was to take advantage of his previous life's skills.

"And…done!" Inala grinned as he stared at a lifelike mud sculpture.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 11: Puppetry
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inala currently had three advantages: Toxin Refinement, Elixir Condensation, and the knowledge honed in his previous life.

Toxin Refinement allowed him to cause a reaction within a toxin and receive products that were tonic in nature. It was best geared towards Mud Vipers.

Elixir Condensation causes the contents of the Elixir to directly be stored in Spirit Containers, just like Prana. From here, whenever the cultivation technique is practiced, the Elixir's effects would circulate alongside Prana.

This suppresses the Elixir's contents from being used to mend the body's damage to the absolute minimum, allowing absorption to be maximum. With the technique, he would have been able to gain 80 Prana from that Elixir.

The effects of the two Skills were spectacular. A cultivator can only use Skills derived from their cultivation technique. Therefore, these two Skills, derived from the Mystic Bone Art would help him irrespective of his cultivation Stage. It paved the foundation to create his own Skillset.

He had been studying these two techniques for the past month. From the principles with which they functioned, how they varied with respect to various variables, the formulae they behaved upon, etc.

There were plenty of principles that combined together to form a Skill. He dissected them and first focused on the parts that took priority. He studied them zealously. At the end of it, he created a Skill of his own.

Puppetry!

Through Mystic Bone Art's refinement technique, he refined a piece of bone into a miniature skeleton. It was a Spirit Weapon or rather, a bunch of Spirit Weapons joined into a whole.

In terms of battle power, it had none. Not only were the Spirit Weapons tiny individually, but they also required complex motions to move the puppet. The efficiency fell drastically. So, it moved slowly.

Battle wasn't its intended purpose though. Using a portion of the Elixir Condensation Skill, he created tiny compartments within each piece of bone forming the skeleton. Through a portion of Toxin Refinement Skill, he stored the Mud Viper's toxin within.

The function of the toxin was to soften the Mud Viper's hardened mud. He had refined the toxin to only include the softening property. Moreover, its degree of potency varied in every container.

Following that, he mixed the toxin in the hardened mud and used Toxin Refinement on it at varying levels, finally obtaining the ratio to create clay.

Being a shut-in for six years, to pass the time, Inala took on art as his hobby. Sculpting was his favourite. Therefore, building a body on the skeleton using clay took less than a day.

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

He infused his Prana into the puppet and watched it come to life. The lips on its face slowly widened to form a smile. The emotion wasn't perfect, but it was a start.

Facial expressions required the muscles to move. For that, he created the face using different compositions of clay. For the emotion of happiness, the respective compartment within the skull would release the toxin into the face, causing each clay to react in a certain way.

They harden and soften at varying degrees, thereby contracting and expanding accordingly, creating the expression of happiness. This took him lots of trial and error to achieve. To avoid wasting materials and his limited Prana, he stuck to miniatures. At present, all the puppet could display was the emotions of happiness and sadness.

This was already the limit within the time constraints. But, he was happy with the result.

On the flat rectangular board made from mud, he began to carve a realistic background. 'Dabbling in art for six years came in clutch.'

After practicing for two days, he was ready.

Evening, the next day. Right as the day's classes ended, he hurried to his room and returned with a large suitcase. Inala began setting up a stall in the academy's open ground. After classes, the orphan students generally practiced there, for there wasn't enough open space anywhere else.

'Okay, none of them are here.' He was looking out for the reincarnates. They would obviously be aware of what he was doing and might interrupt or sabotage his efforts.

Thankfully, they were all busy preparing for the event that would happen the next day. It was why he picked such an evening to test out his card.

"Come one, come all!" He shouted, mimicking the fish market vendors from his previous world. There wasn't any sense of professionalism involved here, but it did the job of getting one's attention.

There wasn't any entertainment in their daily lives, so the students were curious about his hollering. Soon, about ten people had gathered before him, one of which was an instructor who happened to pass by.

"Please be seated, everyone. I'll entertain you with a fun little something." Saying so, Inala patted the cuboidal box on the stall he had set up. It spanned a metre in width, forty centimetres in height, and twenty centimetres in thickness.

The entrance was a thin wall of hardened mud, acting as a curtain. Embedded in its centre was a tiny slab of bone—a Spirit Weapon. Inala moved it up with his Prana, raising the curtain, revealing a mini theatre.

The background sported trees, a pair of hills, and a river. It was a classic picture that everyone drew at first. All Inala did was portray it realistically to give a sense of depth, like an optical illusion.

There were some props strewn on the ground, mostly rocks. Two puppets stood amidst them, one big, one small.

The big one spanned a height of thirty centimetres, appearing like a giant in the scene. The small one spanned ten centimetres. Both were humanoid in shape and appearance, but the design wasn't very human. It was a caricature at best. At his infusion of Prana, the scene began to play out.

One day, while walking, the big one became tired and decided to rest while leaning on the hill. But using it as a home was the small one that felt disturbed by the big one's presence. It came out, looking sad. But upon seeing the big one's feet, the small one became happy as it picked up a needle from nearby.

It then slowly approached the big one's feet and poked it with the needle. The big one comically flew into the air and slammed into the ceiling. It then fell to the ground, resulting in a loud splash.

The small one ran into its house using the chance. The big one got up and stared in confusion as its face was compressed like a spring from the impact. A few seconds later, it sagged, unable to recover.

"Hahah!" Its stupefied face elicited mild laughter from a couple of students. Inala noted down the response, 'Okay, it's working. But there needs to be some changes to the delivery of the jokes.'

The big one and small one were straight-up plagiarised from the infamous cartoon, 'Tom & Jerry.'

It was a trial and tested series, so he couldn't go wrong with it. Even without music, it was working to make the viewers laugh, not to the extent he hoped, but it worked. As long as he improves his craft, things will get better.

Inala had prepared a script for ten minutes in total. Once he was done, there were cheers from the students.

"That was refreshing."

"It had been years since I last laughed."

The instructor got up, calmly nodded at Inala, and walked away, confusing the latter, 'What does that reaction mean?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 12: Inala’s Comedy Troupe
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The instructor was an elite. Cultivators at the Body Stage were referred to as an elite in their Clan. Elites were in charge of the overall security of the herd. As a result, they worked tirelessly.

The fact that he spent ten minutes of his time watching a play was a statement enough.

As he thought about it, Inala understood the instructor's nod at the end, 'He expressed that his time spent watching the play was worth it. That's a good sign.'

That was enough to boost his confidence as Inala packed up the stall and returned to his room.

Staring at the mess he made on the floor, he groaned, 'I'm never going to clean this. My bones healed only recently. They'll fracture if I bother scraping off all the hardened mud and clay.'

Knock! Knock!

It was nighttime already. He knew who the visitor was. Followed by a sigh, he infused his Prana into two Spirit Weapons. Immediately, the false mud doors he had installed in the room moved, covering most of the room.

Inala opened the door and greeted Grehha, "You're right on the dot as usual."

"Let's get this done with." Saying so, Grehha dragged in two unconscious Mud Vipers, "Be careful. Don't damage them."

"I know," Rolling his eyes at the words he had heard a dozen times by now, Inala gently inserted a Spirit Weapon into the mouth of the Mud Viper and activated his Toxin Refinement Skill. He was careful to not harm it, gasping in exhaustion a couple of minutes later.

He wiped his sweat and brought out the Spirit Weapon, causing it to pour out the refined Mud Viper Tonic into a vial. Ten millilitres of the tonic had been created.

"Onto the second one," Grehha patted the second Mud Viper hurriedly.

"Let me take a breather." After ten minutes, he used the Toxin Refinement Skill to create another ten millilitres of Mud Viper Tonic.

Observing the twenty millilitres of the tonic excitedly, Grehha commented nonchalantly, "You know, even if you provide me twenty millilitres every day, we'll still be short of a litre after a year. Isn't our deal eight litres?"

"That's your issue," Inala snorted, "If you want more, bring more Mud Vipers. Besides, I'm only doing this out of the fairness of my heart. We haven't notarised our deal or anything, so I'm not legally accountable. Don't expect me to create it out of thin air."

"And I definitely won't share the tonic I make from mine."

"I know, I know, sheesh." Raising his hand, Grehha intended to leave. He then stared at the mud walls blocking most of the room, displaying an area the same as the rooms of the rest of the students in the dorm. 'He's hiding everything he's been up to. Well, if I gave it my all, I can defeat him and pry open his secrets. But I might sustain damage too. Damn, this disease. It'll push back my plans and make me spend more resources on recovery. The other bastards might overtake me using the chance.'

"Don't even bother," Inala snorted upon observing Grehha's intentions, "I'll beat you up if you try."

"Can you?" Grehha laughed mockingly and unleashed his Prana.

'T-Twenty Seven Prana?' Inala was shocked. Grehha had been gaining one Prana every two days. That was the fastest speed after the regressor.

"I'm double yours." Grehha spoke calmly, "If we fight, I have enough means to defeat you. Well, the only reason I don't is because any injury I face might cause the Prana I built up to collapse."

"It's not worth it." He slowly closed the door, "But the day I get the cure…"

It needn't be said. There only existed one cure. The one that obtains it will soar in strength. To avoid any potential threat to their future rise, they'll purge the rest of the reincarnates, including the regressor.

Even the regressor will be fighting for the same cure. So, the upcoming bloodbath was unavoidable.

The door shut slowly, but it felt like a loud slam in his mind, causing Inala's mood to worsen, 'You think your plan is superior?'

"Let's see about that." Snorting in response, he pushed aside the false mud doors and began to work on his mini theatre. Based on the feedback he received from the audience, he worked on improving the experience.

He also restocked the toxins within the bone containers and even carved out a large plaque to make his stall stand out more.

Inala's Comedy Troupe!

The name was simple and it showed what his stall was about. Just as he was working on the finishing touches, there was a knock on the door once again, 'Who the heck is visiting now?'

Grehha was his only visitor over the past month. So, he was curious. Once he sealed the room with the false mud doors, Inala opened the door, surprised to see the visitor, "Virala?"

The acting coward had arrived, his expression smug. And wrapped around his arm like a koala was Ruvva. It seemed she had fallen hard for him.

'He's the playboy kind, huh?' Inala thought and asked, "Why are you here?"

"I came to trade," Saying so, he made way as Ruvva dragged a tub inside.

At the familiar sight, Inala shook his head spontaneously, "I refuse."

There were twenty litres of Mud Viper toxin in the tub. It was obvious Virala was asking him to refine it. To refine twenty litres would use up all his Prana and a bit more. He would have to take breaks to recover some Prana.

Since the toxin wasn't in a Mud Viper, at most a litre of Mud Viper Tonic would be created. And, a litre of the tonic, when consumed, only netted in a growth of 10 Prana.

Moreover, if Inala wished to recover the expended Prana through food, it would take him a few days. That meant his plans for the event tomorrow would be messed up. Virala arrived at the perfect time to mess things up for him.

"Give it to him," As Virala said, Ruvva extended a basket to Inala.

"This is…" He stared at the berry-like fruit within, sporting a creamy white colour. It was a Parute fruit, the only source of pure Prana in Sumatra. There were hundreds in the basket.

A group of Parute trees grew within the Empyrean Tusk's stomach, producing Parute fruits. Consuming a hundred Parute fruits raised a cultivator's Prana by one unit, not just in terms of recovering expended Prana, but also in its growth.

The fastest way to cultivate is to consume Parute fruits. But they were a protected resource and only sparingly distributed, for they doubled down as a currency. With a year's shelf life, they were an expendable currency resource.

"400 Parute," Virala said, watching Inala's eyes light up in desire, "This is just the advance. If you refine the twenty litres before daybreak, you'll receive another 400."

"Whether or not you wish to take up the task is your choice." Virala smiled smugly, 'But, can you afford to pass this up?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 13: The Simp Breaks Free
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was an offer impossible to refuse. Inala was indeed conflicted. The offered 800 Parute would grant him an increase in eight Prana. It didn't necessitate any training. The moment he consumes them and activates his cultivation technique, he'll gain eight Prana in a matter of minutes.

Eight Prana wasn't anything worth commenting about at present as his goal was to first get used to the process of accumulating and losing Prana. It was why his Prana was only at 14 units. Every time he built the 15th unit, he would destroy it to get accustomed to the process of a Spirit Container shattering.

Inala stared at Virala, gritting his teeth upon seeing the latter smile. His plan couldn't be any more obvious.

He intended to sabotage Inala. At present, thanks to obtaining two Skills from Resha, Inala was ahead of the rest of the reincarnates. Therefore, something had to be done to pull him down from the lead.

When Sumatra Chronicles started, it began with a one-year countdown. A year into the storyline, the First Major Disaster would occur. And in it, the 44th Empyrean Tusk would lose its life.

Disasters and opportunities came in droves at that time. And those that failed to seize any opportunities would be dead. Inala's opportunity too lay there. If he were to miss it, everything he planned for the future would be for naught.

Less than thirty people from the 44th Empyrean Tusk survived the First Major Disaster. Only by becoming an elite was survival a non-zero chance. His life and death would be up to fate if he remained in the Spirit Stage even then.

It was in Inala's best interest to build up his Prana right as the disaster starts. Until then, he only intended to raise his experience with the Spirit Containers to the absolute maximum. And the only way to build up Prana realistically and safely in a short time frame was by consuming Parute fruits.

100 Parute fruits granted one unit increase in Prana. Ideally, saving up more than 9000 was necessary. It was in efforts towards that was he making Inala's Comedy Troupe.

Virala's offer accounted for almost a tenth of his objective. Passing it up was foolish, even if it was a trap. The trap was too alluring to resist. Virala too was aware of that, hence why he confidently stood at the entrance.

'Even if my play's a success tomorrow, I might not earn this much.' Inala sighed, 'I'll take my chances when an opportunity presents itself. Only then will I survive in this world.'

"Fine, I accept." Saying so, Inala received both the basket of Parute fruits and the tub of Mud Viper toxin. There was also a small container meant for the tonic to be stored.

"Before daybreak, you hear me?" Virala slung his arm around Ruvva's shoulder and whistled away, "If you don't, you won't be paid the remainder."

Closing the door shut, Inala collapsed to the floor, slowly. He had made it a habit to avoid any forms of exertion, for that might fracture his bones. "Man, I might be dead tired by the end of this."

He might even miss the event…after pondering for a minute, Inala propped himself and took out his rugged sphere, and dipped it in the toxin tub.

He had been using it to refine the Mud Viper Toxin for the past month. And thanks to the effects of the Mystic Bone Art, the rugged sphere was gradually changing. His refining efficiency with it was improving constantly.

Inala took action and smirked a few minutes later. He would finish well before the deadline. The reason was simple. Virala miscalculated.

When Resha first created the Toxin Refinement Skill, its effects were very lacking. The results were minimal while the process took a lot of time. And by the time he gained proficiency on it, he was a powerhouse.

So, the refining time stated in the novel wasn't reliable. The only other instance was when Resha used it during the fight. It was very fast.

But, when Inala used it, he only managed to refine two millilitres. The time taken was too long for such an amount.

Virala calculated based on it, determining an amount of toxin that slightly exceeded his skill gap so that he would fail the deadline and be underpaid for his efforts. Moreover, he would be too exhausted to attend the event that would happen immediately after.

He might have also probed Inala's refining time from Grehha. Thereby, he concluded that twenty litres might be the perfect amount. Not too much that Inala would refuse straight away and not too little that he could finish it easily within the given time and have energy to spare.

'If only Grehha knew I was holding back a little all along while refining for him.' He was always careful when interacting with the reincarnates. And that indeed saved him.

At regular intervals, Inala refined the toxin. Before he took a break, he downed some Mud Viper Tonic using the Elixir Condensation Skill. And while resting, he focused on perfecting his play. This allowed him to expend less Prana than usual while using the Toxin Refinement Skill.

After all, with the Elixir Condensation Skill, the effects of the Mud Viper Tonic had been enhanced to its limit, greatly suppressing his Fragment Disease. This meant he could exert himself better, less Prana was used to protect his body, and he wouldn't become as tired as usual.

As a result, two hours before daybreak, he was done with the task, grinning smugly, "Thank you for the treat, Virala."

It was enough if he waited for Virala to return. But, why would he behave passively when a perfect chance came knocking at his doorstep? It officially gave him a reason to meet with the most important character during the initial phase of the story.

Inala left the dorm and walked towards a luxurious house beyond the academy. Arriving before the door, he knocked on it, prostrating on the ground in respect once the door opened, "I greet Granny Oyo."

"Are you done already?" Said the lady within. She was called a granny but looked no different from a woman in her twenties. She was originally an old lady, tethering on the verge of death, unable to cultivate due to the Fragment Disease that plagued her.

But once her research on the disease reached a turning point, she was able to suppress the disease to a great extent and cultivated like a maniac. She reached the Body Stage and gained the power of the Intermediate Silver Grade Pranic Beast, Pitcher Salamander.

A Pitcher Salamander lived for 380 years. Once she gained that much lifespan, Granny Oyo turned young. She was currently 127 years old and had already entered the Life Stage, becoming a master that ruled over the Clan's elites. She was the 44th Empyrean Tusk Settlement's strategic asset, thanks to being the sole person in the settlement that could refine an Elixir.

Granny Oyo had an idea of Virala's plans. She didn't know the reason but attributed it to some bad blood between the two. So, when Inala arrived two hours before the deadline, she was pleasantly surprised.

"Yes, Granny Oyo," Inala responded promptly. His heart thumped as he dared not look at her. The reason wasn't just the necessity to display respect to a master, but another, bigger reason.

His teenage hormones were going wild.

Right before the First Major Disaster began, Sumatra Chronicles released the official art of the important characters until that point. Among them was Granny Oyo's appearance, receiving a lot of fanfare from the readers.

Many people even simped for her, including Inala. He even made lewd fanart of her, sold it to perverted readers, and made a lot of money. He too used them for…research purposes.

He was one of the perverts too.

And now, finally meeting such a person in the flesh, especially with the gentle backdrop created by the celestial worlds in the sky, the perverted simp suppressed and sealed deep within him was wrestling to break free.

"Then, where is it?" Granny Oyo smiled, mildly irritated as she failed to see the tub nearby. The knock on the door woke her up. It wasn't even morning yet. So, her temper was short.

"That…I can't carry it due to my disease." Inala controlled himself desperately, mentally pummelling the simp in him.

"Bring it!" Granny Oyo extended her index finger and flicked his forehead.

A burst of wind enveloped Inala as he was sent flying hundreds of metres until he landed at the entrance to his room, coming to a stop after he crashed into the door. Surprisingly, none of his bones had broken from the impact, but that wasn't what he noticed first.

"Something is rising…" He muttered with a reddened face, "And it's not my Prana."

"Damn, she awoke something in me."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 14: Meeting Granny Oyo
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Living holed up at home was bad for the human mind. Not only would one's life experiences come to a standstill, but even the experiences accumulated before that phase would dull out until nothing was left of them.

One's mind would become weak. Therefore, those that remained shut-in had weak minds, unable to endure any stress. They were prone to anger outbursts, wore their emotions on their sleeves, and worst of all, had no handle over their desires. After all, there would be no consequences to their actions.

There was no lack of beautiful women in the world. As long as one roamed the streets, they would at least come across a few. And as long as a person lives in such a world, they would acclimate to that setting.

Even if they saw a drop-dead gorgeous woman, all they would do was admire her mentally and let out one or two comments. They wouldn't lose all control over their motor senses like Inala did at present.

After six years of being a shut-in, whenever he came across good looking woman online, as long as he felt the most minor of urges, he would fap. Had he been in a working environment, he would have had to restrain himself, otherwise, he might lose his job.

Besides, being labelled a pervert would be the end of their career. Therefore, as one keeps restraining their urges, they would soon reach a point where they would have great control over their urges and would be able to mask them while mingling about in society.

Inala had lost that touch. And even after reincarnating, in the name of practice, he had holed up in a room. Habits die hard, after all.

He stared at his pants, seeing the hill that had formed there. He hurriedly applied pressure onto it, 'This is no time to rise, boner-kun.'

After entering his room, Inala activated the Mystic Bone Art and meditated for five minutes, sighing in relief after seeing that he had calmed down. The perverted simp in him had been sealed in the abyss once again.

Thereby, he was able to think logically as before, observing his body to sense a mysterious energy circulating in him, 'Is this what protected my bones from breaking during that impact?'

When Granny Oyo flicked him, she had infused this energy into his body. Its effects wouldn't last for long, as the infused amount was very little. But, it was calculated to be enough for him to make the trip to her house while carrying the tub of tonic.

The tonic was only a litre, weighing a bit more than a kilogram. It wasn't heavy, but it had to be noted that he was on the topmost floor. It implied he had to carry that tub and walk down the stairs.

If he stepped down hard, the generated shock might crack the bones in his arm that was carrying the extra weight. This was why he knocked on Granny Oyo's door without the tub. Moreover, he was probing her to see if she would use any tonic on him to help him perform the task easier.

'She's just as described in the novel, prone to unleashing killing intent, but innately kind.' Inala got up, carried the tub of tonic, and rushed down the flight of stairs.

He was excited, for he was able to run down like a normal person his age. The effects of his Fragment Disease had been vastly suppressed by the tonic infused in him.

Granny Oyo was a walking, talking pharmacy. She stored tonics for a variety of purposes in her body and was able to infuse them in others when necessary. In battle, she was a healing unit, working alongside the masters that faced terrifying Pranic Beasts.

In Sumatra Chronicles, after Resha saves Ruvva, he's taken under the tutelage of Granny Oyo. She helps suppress his Fragment Disease, allowing him to train. And with the assistance of the various tonics she provided him, Resha reached the peak of the Spirit Stage before the First Major Disaster started.

Every reincarnate intended to get her assistance, but Virala was the one that ended up succeeding. Moreover, he made Ruvva fall hard in love with him, thereby raising his importance in Granny Oyo's eyes.

Just to ensure a better future for her granddaughter, she helped Virala, providing greater assistance than she did to Resha. After all, Resha never had a romantic interest in Ruvva. It was only the latter's admiration towards him.

But Virala changed that and entered a relationship with Ruvva, thereby garnering more attention from Granny Oyo.

During their interaction, Virala hadn't unleashed his Prana, so Inala was unable to determine how much Prana the latter had amassed, 'It should be high.'

'But, it doesn't matter. You're only Ruvva's lover. Until you marry her, the assistance you'll get from Granny Oyo is still limited. You won't obtain her core techniques.' Inala had formulated a plan the moment Virala knocked on his door.

He arrived before Granny Oyo's house, watching her be seated on a chair in the living room. The door was left ajar, and the moment he arrived, a cold voice echoed out, "Enter."

"Please excuse me," Inala said respectfully as he entered the living room, all while staring at the ground. He dared not take a risk by staring at her face. Not only was she beautiful, but she also had an explosive body. Coupled with her mature woman's charm and her authoritative countenance, he would instantly become her simp if she leads him on even a little.

The only way to prevent that was to avoid staring at her. One day, after he had shed the side effects of being a shut-in, he would be able to stare straight at her face.

The moment he entered, the tub of tonic flew out of his hand and hovered before Granny Oyo. A droplet flew out and entered her mouth.

After tasting the effects of the tonic, Granny Oyo asked without a hint of emotion, "Where did you learn this refinement Skill?"

'It's eerily similar to mine but has been improved. How's this possible?' She stared at him, observing Inala's figure from top to bottom, frowning as she noticed how he continued to stare at the ground, 'He's a mere student. He shouldn't have gone beyond our settlement until now. I'm the only one with tonic refinement knowledge in this settlement. So, from whom did he learn?'

"I asked you a question," She snorted and released a tinge of killing intent, saying after watching Inala's legs give in, "Look at me when I ask you something."

"Otherwise, I'll kill you."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 15: Spirit Reinforcement Skill
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I obtained it during the Mud Viper Crisis," Inala expressed honesty as he lifted his head and stared at Granny Oyo's face. At the sight of her, his mind blanked; his face blushed a beet red.

'How cute,' Granny Oyo stared at him as if she were looking at an ingredient in the market, "Name a price."

'Judging by his actions, he doesn't seem willing to reveal the source. But that's fine. It doesn't matter who he bought it from. It only matters that it lands in my hands.' Granny Oyo disliked using force unless necessary. Besides, she was curious about the truth.

The Mud Viper Tonic was very familiar to her. It was similar to the ones she refined, just a tad more advanced and potent in effect. So, she intended to verify her conjecture after looking into the Skill. That would change how she dealt with him.

Since he was commanded to, Inala had no other choice but to stare at her face. As a result, he couldn't think of anything, 'How pretty!'

He was aware of his weakness and hence came prepared, using a line from the sentences he had ready by heart, "Please exchange it with a Skill."

"Are you negotiating with me?" Her mood worsened a little as the room turned hot.

Inala was sweating buckets by now and plopped to the floor, gasping for air. He was breathless, strained to even budge an inch. 'T-This is the strength of someone at the Life Stage.'

"I…" He bit his tongue and used the pain to shout, his voice echoing weakly, almost a whisper under the pressure, "I want to train! My body is brittle, but I want to train! My Spirit Containers continue to shatter, but I want to strengthen them!"

"I want to become strong…!" He inhaled in the end, like a drowning man chancing upon air. The pressure vanished. The room turned warm as even a cool breeze washed over him, alleviating the heat in his body.

"Take a seat," Granny Oyo snapped her finger, unleashing a burst of wind that forced Inala into a lotus position.

By the time he managed to react, a bone slab appeared in his hand, and seated behind him was Granny Oyo, her hand on his back, positioned right above his heart.

"Take in a deep breath and circulate the Mystic Bone Art." She said, her voice containing a mysterious commanding power, unleashed by a faint vapour she released. Moreover, she inserted a bit of Prana in him, triggering his cultivation technique into activating on its own.

'This technique…' Inala realised what she was attempting. This was the same that Resha intended to use on him for the Elixir.

Mystique Bone Art—Prana Domination!

The foreign Prana was absorbed by his cultivation technique as it circulated in his body, starting from his stomach. It was digested, broken down into pure energy, and then reconstructed into his own Prana.

But after the first circulation, it was Granny Oyo performing it in his body. She was controlling his cultivation technique, activating it at a higher grade than what he could do at the Spirit Stage. Prana flowed out of his palms and into the slab of bone, inscribing knowledge into it.

Mystic Bone Art—Bone Slip!

Inala felt knowledge of all the Skills he learnt flow through his palms in the form of Prana and inscribe themselves into the slab of bone, forming a knowledge imprint. Within a minute, the process was done as Granny Oyo retracted her hand.

Inala slumped on the ground in exhaustion, unable to move as he saw the slab of bone fly into Granny Oyo's hand. She grabbed it and absorbed the knowledge in it, muttering, "Toxin Refinement, Elixir Condensation, and Puppetry. You have learnt quite a few high-level Skills for someone your age. Considering Puppetry's unrefined state, it's something you created, right?"

"You have taken inspiration from Toxin Refinement and Elixir Condensation, pretty impressive for a brat." She raised a finger, causing Inala's body to follow along in the air, and laid him on the sofa nearby.

Granny Oyo tapped him on the forehead and infused a tonic in his body. She released it in vapour form and seeped it into him through the pores on his body. A moment later, Inala got up in a hurry, full of energy.

"G-Granny…" Inala was depressed. All his Skills were stolen, so he would be lying if he wasn't displeased about that. But there was nothing he could do about it. Even a thousand of him would be unable to take her down.

He lost the initiative already. Though, his depressed expression was just an act. He was aware of her nature. Things were still within the plan, just that the level of risk had multiplied. There was nothing else to be done, such was nature.

Even though he had a good grasp of Granny Oyo's character, that was only through his perspective as a reader. She was a century-old lady with a wealth of experience under her belt. She might have instinctively sensed something and hence behaved differently.

The one before her was a living human and not a character in a book limited to her characteristic traits.

"Well, worry not. I don't like stealing from a brat, so I'll compensate you fairly." Granny Oyo said as three bone spheres flew into her hand. She closed her eyes and focused on them, imbuing something in them through her Prana.

She then chucked them at him, "They are yours."

Inala grabbed the first bone sphere and seeped his Prana in it, sensing a stream of information flow into his mind, shocked, "This is my Puppetry Skill."

"I improved it a little." Granny Oyo said calmly.

'A little is an understatement.' Inala was stunned, realising that Granny Oyo was on another level, 'She has been alive for more than a century. Of course, the knowledge and experience in her arsenal cannot be compared with a fledgeling like me that has only been here for a month.'

With the upgraded Puppetry Skill, Inala could do complex plays. It was a proper Skill now, unlike the barebone version he had created. Seeing that there were three bone spheres, he excitedly grabbed the second one.

Spirit Reinforcement Skill!

This was the reason he had approached Granny Oyo. In Sumatra Chronicles, teaching Resha the Skill allowed him to successfully reach the peak of the Spirit Stage and break through to the Body Stage. It was a necessary Skill for someone with Fragment Disease. And only Granny Oyo possessed this.

That was why she was an important character and why every reincarnate intended to trade with her at some point in time after accumulating items that she desired.

Spirit Reinforcement Skill strengthened the Spirit Containers by breaking and reconstructing them repeatedly. The concept was the same as what Inala did but the process was many times efficient. He only attempted that training because that was what Resha did in the story. It was all to familiarise himself with the process until he obtained the Skill.

It was all a matter of when, not why.

And now, his theoretical knowledge had once again been transformed into practical knowledge.

He intended to use his Skills—obtained from Resha—to trade for the Spirit Refinement Skill from Granny Oyo. The order of events went wrong, but he got the intended Skill either way.

His objective in meeting her was completed. But, there was still one more bone sphere that remained. He wondered about its existence, since in terms of value to someone with the Fragment Disease, the Spirit Refinement Skill was equal to both the Toxin Refinement Skill and Elixir Condensation Skill combined.

So, it made sense if Granny Oyo had stopped at that. Upgrading his Puppetry Skill already exceeded the value his side provided in the trade.

'But, it's before me. So, I must learn it.' He couldn't figure out Granny Oyo's thoughts at this part and hence decided to just bite the bullet first and grabbed the third bone sphere.

As the respective knowledge flowed into his mind, Inala shuddered as he stared at Granny Oyo, pale with fright.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 16: Domination and Being Dominated
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Prana Domination Skill!

This was a Skill exclusive to Granny Oyo, something she created during decades of research on Fragment Disease. It allowed her to seep her Prana into the target's body and mildly affect them with the Fragment Disease.

By using her Prana to heal the damage caused by the Fragment Disease, she'll leave a mark on the target's bones, thereby turning it into a Spirit Weapon. Once the process is done, the target would become her living, breathing Spirit Weapon.

Their body would be fully under her control.

Resha intended to use the Prana Domination Skill on Inala before to transform him into his Spirit Weapon. That way, Inala would be forced to reveal all his secrets.

Granny Oyo ended up using it on him though.

The imprint had been seamlessly integrated into his cultivation technique. This meant that as long as he continues to cultivate, his body will only be further refined as her Spirit Weapon.

Originally during his plans, Inala thought something like that might happen. But, he wasn't affected by such a notion. After all, he had already thought of many ways to use this to his advantage.

As a Spirit Weapon, he could get close to Granny Oyo and gain more resources from her. And there was a greater chance of survival under a master in the Life Stage.

Moreover, the status quo would end during the First Major Disaster anyway.

Granny Oyo loses her life in the disaster, along with most of the masters of their settlement. The imprint would vanish naturally after that, so he wasn't concerned by it.

Besides, with her strength, she had no reason to ever use him, for he was just a weakling when compared to her.

That was Inala's thoughts until he grabbed the third bone sphere and absorbed its knowledge. The Skill he ended up learning was none other than the Prana Domination Skill.

He stared at Granny Oyo, terrified, unable to determine what her plan was. Why was he taught this Skill? Even Resha only gained it from her moments before her death. That was when intended to pass on her legacy and hence transferred all her Skills to him as an inheritance. The Prana Domination Skill was one of them.

But why was it given to Inala now? There was no danger to her life now. It made no sense.

"Look into my eyes," Granny Oyo inched her face close to his, almost touching him.

Inala tried to break free but noticed his body was constricted by the formless pressure once again. This time, he wasn't even able to close his eyes, forced to stare into hers. A hypnotic sensation washed over him as he fell into a daze.

Granny Oyo whispered in a sultry voice, "Am I pretty?"

"Very," Inala replied truthfully, unaware of what he was even talking about.

"Tell me what you're hiding," She stared at him, her eyes deathly cold.

"Yes…" Inala nodded.

…

Bang! Bang!

"Did you die, Inala?"

"Are you planning to waste my time?"

"Open up, it's already morning!"

"Shit!" Inala woke up in a hurry as his body was drenched in sweat. He looked around, noticing that he was in his dorm room. "What…what happened?"

His body ached all over, experiencing piercing pain every time he breathed. Inala didn't even have to guess the cause of the pain. There were cracks throughout his skeletal frame, with fractures in many locations.

He was weak all over, unable to get up. Rather, he feared his bones would break if he tried to get up.

Bang!

The door slammed open as Virala entered the room, accompanied by Ruvva. His gaze was angry as he stared at the sprawled figure of Inala, "You fucker! Were you planning to sabotage me?"

"I get it you failed to finish on time, but is that any reason to delay submission until now?" He kicked Inala, flinching to see the latter's leg break into two, "You…what the heck? When did your legs become so brittle?"

Virala's gaze covered the empty room and noticed the tub of tonic in one corner, "There it is."

Virala opened the tub and noticed a litre of the tonic inside, grinning in excitement, "Petty bastard. You finished it, huh? Anyway, it has already been a few hours since daybreak. You're not getting a Parute more."

"We're running late, Virala." Ruvva spoke in a hurry, "The event's starting in an hour. We still need to finish concocting the medicine with this tonic."

"Alright, let's go." Virala didn't just plan to sabotage Inala but also intended to use the produced Mud Viper Tonic in concocting a medicine that he planned to sell during the event.

The false mud doors covered the rest of the room, and hence, Virala couldn't see anything else. As Ruvva carried the tub and exited the room, he stopped and stared at the mud doors, 'He's hiding his plans behind them, right?'

Virala placed his hand on the mud doors and pushed them, frowning when they failed to budge. He exerted all his strength and still failed to budge them. In the end, he kicked one of the mud doors in anger, 'Why is it so rigid?'

"Virala! We're running late!" Ruvva shouted shrilly.

"Coming!" Virala responded with a shout. He then stared at Inala, "I don't know what you are planning there, but in your current state, you cannot use them. A month's hard work gone down the drain, such a pity."

"What…just happened?" Inala muttered in confusion once Virala left. The tub of medicine…why was it back in his room? He clearly remembered bringing it to Granny Oyo.

'It makes no sense.' He was confused. The last he remembered was being set on the sofa by Granny Oyo, 'Did she do something to me?'

'No, she already turned me into her Spirit Weapon. There's nothing more to do beyond that.' He frowned, frustrated.

Why was his body in such a state? He couldn't understand. "Damn, my hips hurt the most. Was my jewels crushed or something?"

The pain in his groin region was unbearable. It felt like a bull had rammed him there. The day's light wafted into his room through the door left ajar. On the floor he lay, unable to move, failing to comprehend his state, 'Did my plan go kaput?'

That didn't seem likely since he still retained the knowledge of the upgraded Puppetry Skill, Spirit Reinforcement Skill, and even the Prana Domination Skill.

The most puzzling of all was his Prana. Upon sensing the amount, he was in shock, "This feels absurd."

"How did it rise by so much?"

Prana—20!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 17: Storage Lantern
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ugh…shit…fuck!" Inala grumbled as he was unable to crawl. Virala's kick shattered his right leg. The pain levels had reached such an intensity that his brain cut off all sensory signals.

Now, he lay on the floor numbly. His eyes darted to the door, irritated, "That bastard broke the door."

It was at this time did he notice the false mud doors that separated his room into two. In the larger section was where everything he was preparing lay. The smaller section was empty and it was only meant to be a space to meet with Grehha and refine Mud Viper Tonic for him.

He currently lay on the floor in the smaller section. Inala intended to investigate what had happened during the end of his visit to Granny Oyo. But first, he needed to recover from his injuries. 'I have stored some Mud Viper Tonic inside.'

By consuming it, he would at least be able to focus on recovery. With 20 Prana assisting him, he would recover from this damage within a couple of weeks, as long as he doesn't exert himself and further exuberate his condition.

Inala seeped his Prana into the bone piece embedded in the false mud doors, intending to open them. The doors slid open like usual, causing him to comment in mockery, "Virala, that weak bastard. He didn't even have the strength to open…"

His words came to a halt as using a bone sphere, he slammed the room's entrance shut. Using the same, he bonked the Mud Viper and made it shoot a mud ball at the entrance, sealing the door.

"What is the meaning of this…Oyo?" He muttered, flabbergasted. There ought to have been hardened mud splattered all over the walls in the larger section of the room. It happened while he was practising his craft and hence became messy.

But now, it was sparkling clean. The entire room was barren, save for the bound Mud Viper.

Everything he had created and stored in the place no longer existed. The large packages of hardened mud he had accumulated, the various forms of clay he had created, the 400 Parute Fruits he had been paid, and most of all, his Inala Comedy Troupe; all were missing.

Just as he despaired, Inala noticed a faint glint from behind the Mud Viper. When coiled on the ground, it occupied a fair amount of space at the corner. In its delirious state, after its weakness had been hit, it thrashed about faintly.

Every time it did so, something came into view behind it. "No way…"

He couldn't control his excitement as Inala used a bone sphere to push the Mud Viper away and gaze at the object it had been hiding.

Sporting an appearance that of a lantern, with its body built like a four-storey pagoda was the object in question, its entrance being a circular hole wide enough for the human hand to pass through. At the sight of it, Inala muttered in excitement, "A Storage Lantern!"

Storage Lanterns were the spatial rings of Sumatra. It was an item exclusively refined by the Mammoth Clan. And it was by selling Storage Lanterns that the Mammoth Clan was able to trade with the various human kingdoms and empires it passed through.

The Mammoth Clan was a trading Clan at its core, with Store Lanterns being their core product.

The power of a Pranic Beast was called its Primary Nature. For the Mud Vipers, their Primary Nature was Mud Ball. It was why they shot mud balls at their targets. All their actions revolved around targeting their prey better with the mud balls.

Similarly, the Empyrean Tusk's Primary Nature was Internal Inertial Gravity. Gravitational fields existed throughout its body, with each acting in different areas and at different intensities. It was this that propped up the Empyrean Tusk's otherwise impossible frame.

After all, the mass of a moving being more than a kilometre tall was so much that it would collapse on itself. The square cubed law ensured such a creature couldn't survive. The Empyrean Tusk's Primary Nature made its existence a reality.

It's stated that the bones of an Empyrean Tusk are quite fragile.

Its gravity acts as a bond and reinforces its strength to the extent necessary to withstand its mountainous weight. And the strongest of this force of gravity exists within its tusks, for they were the Empyrean Tusk's weapons against its foes.

When the Empyrean Tusk's tusk grows too much and its tip becomes blunt, the Mammoth Clansmen would cut off the excess to maintain the sharpness.

The cut-off parts of the tusk are then refined using the Mystic Bone Art into the shape of a lantern while amplifying the gravity within. Eventually, the tipping point is reached when gravity becomes strong enough to bend space.

As a result, a large space is created within the Storage Lantern. To insert or take out an item, Prana has to be infused into it and deactivate the Primary Nature active in it. And when done so, the Storage Lantern grows in size, becoming as big as necessary for the volume of space inside.

Items could then be placed inside through the entrance. Once it's activated, the Primary Nature kicks in as the Storage Lantern shrinks in size and could be carried on hand.

Moreover, thanks to the property of internal inertial gravity in it, no matter how much weight is placed within the Storage Lantern, the person carrying it wouldn't feel it. Of course, when its Primary Nature is deactivated and the Storage Lantern reverts to its original size, all its weight would be felt.

So, when one usually activated it, they would set it on the ground.

Inala used a Spirit Weapon to grab the Storage Lantern and activated it. 'If its appearance shows four floors, it means there are four cubic metres of space within it.'

"Thankfully, there's enough height here." Inala sighed in relief as he stared at the ceiling. The floor-to-ceiling height here was six metres, for they weren't short of vertical space. Using the Spirit Weapon, he brought it next to him and inched his index finger to touch it.

"What the…why is it my Spirit Weapon already?" The Spirit Lantern had already been refined to carry his imprint. It was his Spirit Weapon and hence could only be accessed by him. 'Did she do it on my behalf?'

Since Granny Oyo controlled his body, she could do something like that. His heart palpitated, for a Storage Lantern was ridiculously expensive, especially for a four-storey one.

7600 Parute!

That was its current market price and he was given something like that, 'If I had been given its value in terms of Parute fruits, I would have reached my goal already.'

He sighed for a moment but became excited immediately after. There should be a reason if he was gifted such an expensive item. With bated breath, Inala infused Prana into it and deactivated the Storage Lantern, watching it grow in size and reach a height of four metres.

Using a Spirit Weapon, he opened the first floor, shocked by the contents.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 18: Ennoudu Plains
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There was a letter inside, the sole item on the first floor of the Storage Lantern. Inala picked it up and read its contents aloud. "Dear Inala, you are now my Spirit Weapon, and mine alone. But, the current you is too weak. Hence, to make you useful, I have left behind a gift. Work hard in the remaining eleven months. Time is ticking down."

"Yours Charmingly,"

"Oyo."

He shuddered at the sentence and sighed in defeat, 'I messed up.'

In terms of trade, it was a resounding success. He gained three Skills that would form the core of his strength in the future. But in terms of stability, he lost sight of the future.

"Word hard in the remaining eleven months." It meant Granny Oyo was now aware that the 44th Empyrean Tusk would die in that time frame. This was information only the Settlement Leader, Bora Tusk ought to know.

The fact that Granny Oyo knew it meant she would take steps to ensure her survival. History would change drastically…heck, it already did. After a moment, Inala stabilised his mind, "Just the regressor's presence alone will alter the future to an unrecognisable state. But six other cooks are steering the pot. Things are bound to get messed up."

The moment he had the thought, he no longer cared about Granny Oyo learning the truth. Even she couldn't change anything. After all, if it was ever revealed that she knew the truth of their Empyrean Tusk's life reaching its end, she'll be beheaded swiftly.

Therefore, all Granny Oyo could do would be to prioritise her safety and survival. By selling medicine, she had accumulated a lot of wealth. She'll begin liquidising her assets to raise her strength as much as possible while also gathering as much resources as possible for her future.

And the most stable way to hoard wealth was in a Storage Lantern. The fact that she gave him one expressed her intention clearly. She was giving him the means to prepare for the day when they might have to live without the support of an Empyrean Tusk.

'Thankfully, I have the Prana Domination Skill.' It didn't matter how much Granny Oyo learnt from him. She would be the last to do so. Prana Domination Skill not only allowed him to gain control of the target's Prana, it also strengthened his defences against such attempts.

It meant even if Resha were to use the Skill on him in the future, it wouldn't work, for he would have the means to defend himself against it. Moreover, if the level of his Prana Domination Skill reaches Granny Oyo's calibre, he could break out of being her Spirit Weapon. He had the confidence in achieving that.

The letter was short, but it lit a fire in him, especially since the wording used was pretty…endearing. "Did I somehow open a romance route? I never thought I had it in me."

He turned the letter and noticed a couple of lines written there, "I have confiscated Inala's Comedy Troupe. Don't reveal the Puppetry Skill just to earn some Parute. With the upgraded version and your art skills, it can save your life."

"She knows about my art skill…" Inala muttered as he pondered the statement and focused on the Puppetry Skill, understanding what she was getting at.

Inala opened the second floor of the Storage Lantern and saw it stuffed to the brim with hardened mud. The third floor contained the various clay and the toxins he had refined for their creation.

The items on the second and third floors were what he had accumulated in his room. Now, they were neatly packed in order. It was the fourth floor that held Granny Oyo's gift.

Inala opened it and noticed a row of medicine there. There primarily was the Mud Viper Tonic, one refined with the Skill he revealed to Granny Oyo. There was a litre of it there. Placed next to it in a jar were Parute Fruits, eight hundred in total.

The amount he was promised by Virala was already here. It was just that Granny Oyo never revealed the matter to Virala, causing him to think he had pulled one over Inala.

Just that allowed Inala to comment smugly, "It means in her mind, I'm placed way above you, Virala. Thank you for giving me this opportunity."

He was off to a solid start in this race, having already gathered most of the treasures he needed. Now, all that was left was to attend today's event, "She already warned me against revealing the Puppetry Skill."

It made sense. The original Puppetry Skill had no combat value. It was created for entertainment purposes. But after Granny Oyo upgraded it, the Skill allowed him to fool others using clones of himself.

The clone was just a moving sculpture of himself. But how realistic it could become depended solely on his art skills. And indeed, not revealing it might just end up saving his life in the future.

"If I can't use it to earn Parute, then there's only one other option." This was originally part of his plan anyway. Now, he just had to proceed with it directly instead of using it alongside the Inala Comedy Troupe.

Based on Ruvva's shout, there was less than an hour before the event starts. "I need to hurry."

Inala grabbed the Mud Viper Tonic and gulped down large mouthfuls, using Elixir Condensation and Toxin Refinement Skills in conjunction to raise their effectiveness to the limit. As he activated the Mystic Bone Art, his body temperature rose as the fainter cracks in his bones began to heal up immediately.

And once he healed enough, his pain returned, causing him to grit his teeth to avoid roaring. He got up, now having enough strength as he propped his shattered right leg back in its rightful place, watching the healing effect begin rejoining the bones, "Virala…"

His eyes were bloodshot, "I'll break your legs too."

…

Instructor Mandu, an elite with barely any presence in the Academy of Refinement despite teaching one of the most important classes, a face every student saw for a few years at the very least.

He currently stood at the academy's training ground, watching the students assemble into a file based on their batches. 'I'll never get used to the reduced numbers.'

Following the First Minor Crisis, their settlement's population shrunk in half. In the academy, one-third of the students died to the Mud Vipers.

Instructor Mandu stared at the frontmost row which was almost empty, save for a couple of students. The youngest ones were the most targeted by the Mud Vipers. 'Fucking Beasts!'

'I need to relax.' Even if he became angry, nothing will change. That one nest had enough capability to swallow their settlement whole, including their Empyrean Tusk. If they hadn't managed to break free, everyone might have become a snack.

"Hah…" After exhaling softly, he firmed himself and bellowed upon seeing all the students had gathered, "It's a bright day today!"

"The herd has reached the Ennoudu Plains and has decided to stop for a day. While the Empyrean Tusks rest and replenish their resources, there will be a fair. It's time for all 44 settlements to mingle." He shouted and began distributing 10 Parute fruits to each student, "You're all students, so nothing much is expected from you lot. Use these funds to buy anything you fancy. And most of all,"

His voice exuded fighting spirit, boosting the morale of everyone, "Don't disgrace our settlement's name."

"In the name of the 44th Empyrean Tusk!"

"In the name of the 44th Empyrean Tusk!" All the students shouted, including Inala who did so from the last row, observing the reincarnates and the regressor standing next to him, prepared, 'Things are starting to get serious now.'

It was finally the time to soar while clipping the wings of each other.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 19: Sneak Attack in the Clouds
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'Why is this bastard standing like everything is alright?' Virala glared to his right in disgust. A moment later, he felt the increased Prana levels in Inala, unable to control his grin in response. 'I see, to heal himself, he consumed all 400 Parute fruits. That explains his increase in Prana. He must have expended all other resources in his arsenal to be able to walk again.'

"You're doing well, Inala. What's your secret?" Virala asked, putting on a shy demeanour.

"You," Inala sported a wide smile towards Virala, "You're my secret."

"Shut up, you two." Standing to the right of Inala was Blola, irritated, "I can't concentrate while the two of you bark incessantly."

Standing to the extreme right was Resha. He calmly gazed to his left, seeing a silent Yennda standing still like a statue, barely having any presence. The only one hyper among the Death Row students was Grehha that was staring at Instructor Mandu in excitement.

Resha released a tinge of Prana, mildly pressuring the reincarnates. The fluctuation was so minimal that none of them felt anything. But, the Prana in their bodies reacted as such, releasing a mild fluctuation of their own.

That was enough for Resha to sense the amount of Prana they had accumulated and confirm his hypothesis, 'They're my obstacles.'

'Even the weakest, Inala has accumulated 20 Prana. The rest are even faster.' His eyes landed on Virala for a moment before he began to walk away.

"Go to your dorm rooms and put on your best clothes. Return here in ten minutes. I'll escort everyone to the venue." Instructor Mandu said aloud, "If anyone wishes to showcase or sell anything by setting up a stall, tell me now. I'll allot you a slot at the venue."

'We're only informing them ten minutes in advance. There isn't enough time to prepare anything…' Instructor Mandu was just about to sigh when six people approached him, pleasantly surprising him, "What the…is this for real?"

He stared at the six students, "All six Death Row students want a stall slot?"

"Yes," Everyone nodded in unison.

"You first need to display your stall's theme to me. Only if you receive your approval will you receive a slot…" He trailed off and stared at Inala, giving a slot to him, "I'm looking forward to yours."

"Thank you," Inala didn't say anything about not being able to perform using Inala's Comedy Troupe like the previous evening. It was Instructor Mandu that was there among his ten audience members.

Of course, he was aware of who would lead the students and had the authority to hand out slots. Only after knowing the timing of Instructor Mandu's rounds at the training ground did Inala start his play.

Inala expected to at least receive some sort of reaction from the rest. But a moment later, Instructor Mandu handed a slot to all six, stunning everyone.

'So, these bastards already displayed their exhibit to the instructor.' The same thought resounded in the minds of all six. All of them had used some convenient opportunity to showcase their stall's theme to Instructor Mandu.

Thereby, none of them revealed their cards to each other. This meant they couldn't prepare anything to disrupt the stalls of others in advance.

'Fine, that's how things are supposed to be.' Inala thought as he raced to his dorm, having purchased a large box from the academy.

Instructor Mandu allowed everyone to take some basic items necessary for setting up a stall from the academy warehouse. With a box of tools in hand, Inala entered his room and began to pack things up.

Hardened mud, toxins to soften it, clay, and his sculpting tools in the form of Spirit Weapons. The box was heavy once he finished packing. Inala stuck flat pieces of bone—Spirit Weapons—on its underside, using them to alleviate most of the weight.

He carefully brought the box down the flight of stairs. Following that, he brought out Spirit Weapons in the form of wheels, attached them to the bottom of the box, and pushed it forward, joining Instructor Mandu.

Those that had to set up stalls would depart a couple of minutes early as compared to the rest of the students.

Inala eyed the five Death Row students walking beside him. All were pushing forth a trolley, having covered the contents with a lid.

Instructor Mandu led them through the streets of their settlement and arrived before the gates of a blocked region. This was situated atop the Empyrean Tusk's head and was the quarters where the Settlement Leader and other distinguished cultivators lived.

The guards posted at the entrance opened the gates, allowing them to pass through. Their eyes were cold as they gazed at the students, focusing intently on the boxes in their possession. Everyone except Resha shuddered at the pressure emitted by their gazes. The Guards were in the Life Stage, masters of the settlement.

They took a roundabout route around the head region, for they didn't have the authority to enter the institutional buildings there. Soon, the group arrived at a pair of massive gates that acted as both the entrance and exit to the settlement.

"Amazing…" Inala muttered at the view. He stood at the edge of the Empyrean Tusk's head, hence able to see everything beyond. It was akin to staring out from a mountain peak.

The Empyrean Tusk's nose acted as a bridge and passed through the clouds, going underneath. It felt as if they were celestial beings descending to the Earth.

"Stick close to me. I'm not responsible if you were thrown off. It tends to shake its trunk every now and then." Instructor Mandu warned everyone.

'Something like that won't happen this time.' All the reincarnates thought in unison.

Instructor Mandu clicked his tongue when he noticed the lack of fear in the faces of the students. He hoped to scare them at least a little. It was one of the few joys he had.

'It's ridiculously hard.' Inala stared at the floor, 'The carapace feels like the rocks forming a mountain. They don't seem like a living creature's body.'

Such was the Empyrean Tusk's grandeur. The exoskeleton covering its trunk was tough enough that with Inala's current capabilities, even if he were to spend a month drilling a hole through it, there would hardly be a dent.

The bridge formed by the trunk was very wide, 200 metres at its thickest and around 110 metres at its thinnest, but everyone was careful and moved at the centre due to the winds that blew across it. Soon, they passed through the clouds, causing their visibility to drop to zero.

At that moment, Inala felt the chills, ducking suddenly as he felt something fly overhead, sensing killing intent all around him, 'Seriously?'

The reincarnates intended to throw each other over the edge. The fall would ensure they'll splatter upon impact, a guaranteed death. It was the best way to kill each other, especially when veiled by the clouds.

Suddenly, an impact slammed into Inala, knocking out all the air from his lungs. The force of the impact revealed the culprit as he shrilled mentally, 'Reeshhaaa!'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 20: Resha Kills Inala
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ugh…Khaghhh…" His arm had fractured under the impact, all the air in his lungs had been knocked out, and a ringing sound resounded in his ears. Death was right at the corner.

The trunk of the Empyrean Tusk was a precipitous bridge and the clouds masking everything was the cover of doom that brought about the chaos.

It felt like a bone sphere had slammed into him. And judging by the sheer strength of the impact, only Resha was capable of such.

'This bastard is trying to kill me!' He became aware as his already heightened senses further sharpened. Once he was knocked to the ground, Inala understood that getting up would be a death sentence.

Resha was out for blood, and so were the reincarnates. This was the best opportunity to dispose of each other.

Instructor Mandu had warned them about the risks associated with the descent. When they pass through the layer of clouds, not only would their vision be obstructed, but due to the winds, they wouldn't be able to hear any sounds either.

Thankfully, there was one way to navigate forward in such a case. There were creases throughout the Empyrean Tusk's trunk, horizontal in nature. These creases provided them grip during their descent.

So, as long as they move perpendicularly to the creases and proceed through the downward slope, they would be out of the cloud-covered region in no time. The trunk spanned 1.8 kilometres in length. With a brisk walk, that distance could be covered in twenty to thirty minutes.

Besides, traversing the trunk while enduring the winds was a test of survival. If you couldn't even angle yourself properly to the trunk and reduce the wind draft, you'll be blown away. You weren't fit to survive in Sumatra.

It was that simple. So, even though Instructor Mandu was leading them, he was also testing them. After all, these students were only eleven months from graduation. So, it was time they proved their worthiness to survive.

Even if all six of them were to perish here, none could hold him accountable, for every single adult in the Clan had the same thought process. Moreover, these six were Death Row students.

After eleven months, as the instructor that taught them, it was Instructor Mandu's responsibility to personally chuck them into the mouth of a Pranic Beast, should they not prove their worth. So, whatever happens within the cloud wasn't of his concern.

Besides, his ears caught wind of some clashing noise. Once he walked out of the forest region, Instructor Mandu patiently waited, "Let's see…how many would walk out of it?"

'How did he survive that?' Resha frowned. Once he detected the Prana values of the five reincarnates, he intended to kill Inala, the weakest first. Besides, since Inala took two valuable Skills from him, killing him took priority, 'Once his proficiency with the Mystic Bone Art reaches the required level to learn the Bone Slip Skill, he might sell the two Skills for a lot of money. That would dwindle my advantage.'

Hence, he had come prepared, carrying a dozen bone spheres in the trolley he pushed. All twelve of them were his Spirit Weapons, refined for combat. And the moment they set foot within the cloud-covered region, he sent a bone sphere hurling in Inala's direction, aiming for the latter's chest.

One hit at the ribs and they would crack, piercing both the heart and lungs. Inala would be beyond recovery by that point. With that thought in mind, he sent the attack, frowning, 'There's no shout from him. Did he die or did he survive?'

Zero visibility and intense winds meant conventional sensory means were blocked, leaving only his senses towards Prana. They were like faint clusters he could feel as prickling sensations on his skin.

Inala had dropped to the ground and didn't move, 'But, he might be acting. He's one tricky guy.'

Resha walked towards Inala and slammed a bone sphere in the chest, hearing faint cracking sounds. He wasn't content with it and targeted the head next, stopping only after a few attacks. He crouched low and touched the ground nearby, pausing for a couple dozen seconds.

A trail of fluid touched him as he waited. Resha retracted the hand and brought it close to his nose, whiffing the stench of blood, 'That's his blood, alright. One down, four more to go.'

The Prana he was sensing from Inala dwindled rapidly, allowing him to judge that the target was indeed dead. A crushed head and a crushed chest, rapid blood loss, and a quickly depleting Prana that was leaking out of the body, all were signs of death.

But before he could throw Inala's body over the edge, he needed to deal with the rest, 'They are racing toward the exit.'

Four bone spheres hovered around him and began to revolve rapidly. The radius of their revolution gradually expanded as the range of his attack continued to increase. Detecting the closest source of Prana, he slammed the bone spheres in them.

Bang!

A bone sphere slammed into his face, sneaking upon him right as he targeted a figure. When more than one Spirit Weapon was controlled, the efficiency drops. Resha was using four here. To maintain their destructiveness, he only made them spin in a set path.

That meant he couldn't focus on other fronts properly. A bone sphere had rolled on the surface and approached him. Resha had indeed detected it since there was a tinge of Prana in it.

But it had dropped out of Inala's trolley; that's why Resha didn't pay any attention to it. As a result, when it suddenly flew towards him, he was a tad late in reacting.

The bone sphere slammed him in the face and cracked his skull. His vision spun from the impact, but he hurriedly gathered his bearings. Resha infused some of his Prana into the bone sphere, making it counterattack the refined Prana within. Thereby, the bone sphere was neutralised.

Prana condensed at his skull as the injury began to heal rapidly. Resha focused on the individual whose Prana had spiked at that moment, for that was the one that had attacked him.

'The one with the highest Prana in the group, Virala.' Resha glared at the latter that was positioned thirty metres away and retreating, 'You're my second target!'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 21: Resha Vs Virala
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Instructor Mandu entered the cloud-covered region, he dashed forth to the exit silently. Following that, he waited to see how many would emerge out of the clouds, 'Resha has shown the most potential among the Death Row students. He should be able to walk out unscathed.'

His senses picked up a Prana signature close by, surprised at the time taken, 'One of them is already here? How's he so fast for a student?'

"I'm alive!" Grehha shouted as he left the cloud-covered region. He had a pair of roller skates, allowing him to skate the way forward. Moreover, the wheels of his trolley were his Spirit Weapons. He caused them to rotate, allowing the trolley to move forward like a vehicle.

And by grabbing onto the trolley, he skated forward without any trouble. 'Thankfully, I sprinted at my fastest speed the moment we entered the clouds.'

Grehha wasn't afraid of a fight, but he was afraid his preparations would be destroyed. In a hurry, he checked the contents of his trolly, sighing in relief after a few seconds, "Thankfully, they are safe."

"I never thought you would walk out first." Instructor Mandu commented upon seeing Grehha's roller skates, "That's pretty impressive."

"It must have been hard to move on them through the intense winds." He continued before noticing the Prana condensed in the trolley wheels, muttering in understanding, "I see, you used your trolley's weight to your advantage."

Since the trolley was heavy, it was less affected by the wind. Moreover, the weight increased friction between the wheels and the ground, raising traction. The spinning wheels caused it to move forward and drag Grehha. That was how he survived the winds and exited it so quickly.

"I have been thinking of ways to mitigate my weakness, instructor." Grehha laughed sheepishly at the praise.

"Good, keeping on improving like that. Your time is running short, so you need to put in more effort, alright?" Instructor Mandu said and then pointed towards the end of the trunk, "Why don't you go ahead and set up your stall? It's just a straight path downward. There's another instructor there to show you the way."

"I'm grateful for your guidance." Saying so, Grehha made his way down the trunk with a thought occupying most of his headspace, 'How many will survive?'

"Shit!" Yennda coughed out blood as he exited the clouds, but not downward the trunk but at the starting position. He had run back as soon as Resha began his hunt.

He had entered it alongside Grehha and originally planned to sabotage the latter's exhibit, especially since it seemed fragile. But before he could launch an attack, Grehha had vanished from sight.

Feeling the presence of death, he leaped back with all his might, barely evading the death blow from Resha's bone sphere. Only the bone in his left hand shattered from the attack.

Yennda crawled back further up, almost reaching the gates, stopping only when he was aware that Resha wouldn't target him in public.

Within the clouds, Resha and Virala exchanged multiple attacks, prepared for each other.

Held in Virala's hand was a crossbow, with the arrows being made of bone. He shot the arrows and fin-tuned their path using his Prana, causing them to accurately hit the bone spheres Resha hurled at him.

One of the arrows hit dead centre on a bone sphere, lodging halfway before both fell to the ground. Resha grabbed it and felt the arrow, 'It's a Spirit Weapon refined using a Mud Viper's arm bone.'

The arrow only had a length of 15 centimetres. It was to conserve the resources required to produce it. Even with Granny Oyo's assistance, he couldn't burn through money. That would get him blacklisted by her.

The moment the arrows missed their target, they flew back to Virala who loaded them on the crossbow once again. It was a repeating crossbow, made to hold ten arrows at a time. After swallowing a mouthful of Mud Viper Tonic, he could exert enough physical strength to load up the crossbow.

In terms of power, it was lacking and wasn't a weapon any cultivator would use. Not only did it expend resources, but the generated power wasn't anything worth writing home about. Even a bone sphere was better as a weapon, not to mention the specialised Spirit Weapons each cultivator took time to refine.

Virala's only goal was to wound Resha and waste his large Prana reserve, 'He has reached 100 Prana already. As long as I give him a strong enough mental shock, all his accumulated Prana would collapse.'

Virala was biding his time while slowly making his way toward the exit. Currently, his path was the most stable and his accumulations were the most solid. As long as he gets rid of the regressor here, the cure would be his.

'But, if only that was easy.' Virala sighed, concluding after predicting based on the routes taken by the reincarnates. 'Yennda retreated while Grehha was the first to escape. Inala is still on the floor. Since he hasn't moved until now, he's probably dead. Good riddance.'

The previous night, Virala visited the rooms of all the reincarnates. There, while unnoticed, he slipped a tiny bone fragment into the pocket of each. This bone fragment had been refined using a bunch of medicinal ingredients, personally created by Granny Oyo at his request.

The result was a bone fragment that could only be detected by him. Virala had slipped one in everyone, including the regressor. Thereby, he was able to sense their position.

That was how he could plan and succeed in sneak attacking Resha. While fighting Resha, Virala's attention was suddenly diverted to another location, causing him to mutter, "Impossible."

"That madman! Really? He's doing that? Holy fuck!" Even he didn't have the balls to do that. A few seconds later, a large grin appeared on his face as he infused Prana into his voice and shouted, "Resha, did you know?"

Beyond the clouds, Instructor Mandu observed patiently, holding back his chuckle when he watched Yennda crawl forth like a worm from the edge of the trunk. Rather, he had taken a risk to traverse from its curved ends. A misstep and he would have died.

That was how he avoided the battle. Barely surviving through it, Yennda collapsed in fear once he crossed the clouds, "I…I don't want to go through it again."

Soon, upon seeing two more figures exit the cloud, Instructor Mandu sighed as he commented, "It seems one didn't make it."

"That's a pity."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 22: Resha Suffers a Major Loss
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So, one didn't make it." Instructor Mandu said as he observed the conditions of the students. Bloody, beaten, battered, sporting multiple fractures, they were a mess, "Fragment Disease is no different to a curse."

His gaze then fell on the face of a shocked Resha, one expressing a primal sense of disbelief and fear, completely flustered. Upon sensing the latter's condition, he commented in disappointment, "If your mind is weak, it's just a waste of resources no matter how hard you cultivate."

"You should prepare yourself to be fed to a Pranic Beast, Resha." Shaking his head, Instructor Mandu motioned for the four people to follow him, "We're running late. Let's hurry."

"Yes, Instructor." Virala replied spiritedly as he shot a gaze to his left, seeing Yennda picking himself up, 'He's a mess. For the time being, he's not a threat.'

'Grehha acts loud but is very cunning. He avoided all damage altogether and made me do his dirty work. As a result, I am now the prime target of the regressor's rage.' He thought and observed Resha, 'This will take him a while to come out of.'

'But most of all,' Virala turned serious as he stared at the figure of Inala that brushed past Resha, 'This fucker should be guarded against the most. He'll get up no matter how many times I beat him down. He needs to be crushed absolutely.'

It all started a few minutes ago. When they had assembled at the training grounds, Virala smiled and asked Inala about his secret.

"You," Inala sported a wide smile, "You're my secret."

Even though it seemed like a taunt, Virala felt something from Inala's tone. As a result, while on their way to their dorm, Virala paid a visit to Inala's room.

He stared at the trolley Inala had prepared, "It seems you have something to say to me."

"We'll be walking through the clouds, just as in the novel." Inala said seriously.

"I know, and I'm prepared. What of it?" Virala snorted, "Are you begging me to spare you?"

"Nothing of the sort," Inala shrugged, "If my prediction is correct, fifteen seconds after we enter the clouds, Resha will target me. He'll attack me from behind to ensure I'm knocked deeper into the clouds and cannot retreat outside."

"So, you're aware," Virala grinned, "You gained his Skill. You're obviously the first in his kill list."

"Hence, I'll present you a chance." Inala's eyes revealed a maddening craze, "A chance to offset the only individual before you in the race."

The seven colours all gunned for the cure. Toward that, they made various preparations. If ranked based on their preparations, from first, the order would be Resha, Virala, Inala, Grehha, Blola, and Yennda.

Orakha was out of the race already.

Virala was second in the race. Therefore, as long as he offsets Resha, given his current condition, he would remain in the lead. There were less than eleven months before the First Major Disaster started. As long as Resha falls hard enough, he wouldn't be able to reach first.

So, Inala's offer aligned with Virala's best interests.

"What makes you think I wouldn't sabotage you?" Virala growled.

"Any smart man ranked second will try to sabotage the first-placed individual to be placed first himself." Inala laughed, "I'm ranked third. I should be the one actively trying to sabotage you, not the other way around."

'Dammit!' Virala felt intense deja vu. Just the previous night, he sabotaged Inala using Parute fruits. The deal was too good to refuse and hence, Inala fell into the trap.

And now, the same was being sprung on him. 'Indeed, this is the best chance to take down Resha by a peg. There aren't enough variables in future events to harm him. Besides, with his current Prana accumulation, he might avoid all those events to focus solely on preparing himself to accommodate the cure.'

"Fine, I'm in." Virala sighed and asked, "So, what do you want me to do?"

"Nothing much," Inala pointed at his trolley, "Leave your Spirit Weapon here. When Resha attacks me, I want you to use the chance to sneak attack him. It will rile him up enough for whatever else you have in store for him."

"That's it?" Virala frowned, "Won't you die if you tank a hit from him? Even I'm not sure if I could endure Resha's attacks. The speed and power of his Spirit Weapon would be on a whole other level."

"That's up to me." Inala's maddening desire flared up, "I'll do everything in my arsenal to survive that."

"If I can't even do that, then I'm not fit enough to survive and thrive in Sumatra."

…

In the clouds, Inala collapsed to the ground, groaning in pain, 'Fuck, it hurts!'

The bone sphere had slammed into his chest, but the one broken wasn't his ribs but the armour covering him. It was sloppy work, but after he sent away Virala from his room, Inala layered his body with clay. On it, he stuck a thin layer of hardened mud.

This created a decently robust enough defence. And when the bone sphere slammed into his chest, it was the hardened mud that cracked, absorbing most of the impact. The clay layer dispersed the remaining damage, but it still hurt like hell.

Inala extended his hand and opened a window along the side of the trolley, pulling out a helmet made out of hardened mud. There were ten layers of it, and sandwiched within was clay to hold it together. The clay was rolled into straws and spread wide apart.

Thereby, when the bone sphere slammed into the helmet, the hardened mud layers crumbled. Adding onto the clay stuck underneath, the produced sound effect somewhat resembled a cracking skull. If not for the clouds and the wind, anyone could easily tell the difference, but it was planned for this exact situation and hence paid off.

As for the blood, Inala had stuck tiny packets of his blood within the helmet. So, when it cracked, the blood leaked out. Thanks to the medicines Granny Oyo had given him, he could safely extract enough blood without collapsing from anemia.

For the final touch, that is to fool Resha's senses towards Prana, Inala had just the right ability.

Mystique Bone Art—Spirit Reinforcement!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 23: The Regressor Despairs
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Spirit Reinforcement rapidly consumed Prana to shatter and reform the Spirit Containers. It was a delicate Skill and required a lot of practice before it could be used without problems.

When Inala activated it, he caused his Spirit Containers to break one after another, resulting in his Prana escaping out of his body. It was because he had activated the Skill on more than one Spirit Container.

With his current skill level, the Skill could only be used on one Spirit Container successfully. Instead, he had used it on eight Spirit Containers, causing the Prana in them all to begin escaping his body rapidly.

It would take a couple dozen seconds at least for eight units of Prana to leak out of his body. And this phenomenon was no different to when a cultivator died. After all, when they died, their Spirit Containers begin breaking in batches.

As the process in both was exactly the same, it gave the illusion to Resha that Inala had died. Not in his wildest dreams would he ever imagine Inala gaining the Spirit Reinforcement Skill from Granny Oyo.

It was the creation of this Skill that was a turning point in her life.

In his previous life, only after going through a lot of trouble was Resha finally able to obtain this Skill from her. By this point in time, none of the reincarnates should have succeeded in it.

Not in his wildest dream did he imagine Inala would trade with Granny Oyo. For, doing so would allow her to realise that the Toxin Refinement and Elixir Condensation Skills were pretty much similar to what she had been developing. They were slightly improved versions of Skills she had spent years researching.

Unnerved, she would immediately use the Prana Domination Skill to turn Inala into her Spirit Weapon.

But, there was a difference in mindset here.

Resha was born in Sumatra and had a pure cultivator's mindset where must absolutely possess free will. Therefore, being in control of someone else for even the slightest wasn't something that sat well with him.

This was not to mention becoming Granny Oyo's Spirit Weapon. That was a status no different from a slave. Even if he were to die, he would never become that.

Conversely, Inala was fine with it. He hailed from a modern society where the thoughts of people were influenced and directed by algorithms, with technology monitoring their every action.

Even a slave bound by chains had some free will. The master of the chains could only force the slave to do their bidding through torture or inhumane punishments. In the end, the choice to submit was still with the slave.

But the digital chains of the 21st century were different. One would never feel their existence, but the chains existed. Moreover, they gradually steered the minds of the people in the direction dictated by the owners.

Social Media Narrative Brainwashing!

Inala came from such a place and was aware of the truth regarding his society. Therefore, even becoming Granny Oyo's Spirit Weapon wasn't an issue to him. All he had to do here was repeat whatever was conditioned in him on Earth—understand, adapt, and overcome the algorithm.

As long as he understood Granny Oyo's mind, he could instead affect and control her decisions.

This difference in mindset was how Inala fooled Resha into believing he was dead. Inala played dead for a few minutes, getting up only after enough time had passed. 'They must almost be at the exit.'

He began to push his trolley towards the exit, content with the execution of his plan. 'I hope you succeed, Virala. It's to my benefit too, for I can use you as a knife to wound Resha. And when he recovers, he'll target you with all his power. I can avoid his attention for a while.'

…

"Resha! Did you know?" While fighting within the clouds, Virala shouted by infusing Prana into his throat, causing his voice to boom out. "A month ago, all of us had a dream!"

"What dream?" Even though Resha stopped attacking, he was on guard. Slowly, he began to walk towards Virala, 'I can hit you better from close up.'

"We saw you getting killed," Virala said. His words caused Resha to come to an abrupt halt.

"It wasn't clear. There were only some messages." Virala continued to speak upon hearing grunts of shock from Resha, "Following that scene, I dreamed about a couple other scenes. Based on what I probed, except for your death, everyone else dreamed different scenes."

"Through that, Orakha knew the Mud Viper Tonic you created would help him survive the crisis. But you overreacted and caused his death." Virala expressed helplessness, "We know some things. And in the past month, we verified their legitimacy. Whatever we dreamed about will happen. Hence, all of us began to prepare accordingly to the information we gained from the dream."

"What…are you getting at?" Resha's heart lurched as he felt heavy. Virala's words caused an unsettling creepiness to froth in him, 'How did I regress to the past? Why are there six people with the same condition as me in my second life? How do they know about me?'

It felt like Virala's words would allow him to find an answer behind his regression, 'Is some Deity playing a sick game on me? Is that what it is?'

"But as you saw with Orakha, we each only possess limited information, and the majority of that information is vague. That's why Orakha misjudged the situation and died. I feared one of us might repeat his mistake and placed a Spy Bone Fragment in the clothes of each." Virala infused as much uneasiness in his tone as possible, controlling his grin as he spoke, expressing fear in his shaky voice, "I saw Blola heading down that path."

"Where is he?" Resha felt alarmed. While he was fighting Virala, he seemed to have lost track of the sixth figure's Prana signature. That was Blola.

"The cure to Fragment Disease," Virala said solemnly, "Blola left the settlement in search of that. And the direction he's heading toward is…"

Virala hurriedly backed off as he shouted, "South-East."

"South-East?" Resha was petrified. His face lost all colour, "No, no, no! Where is that fucker? Don't! You bastard! BASTARD!"

A few days after the First Major Disaster, Resha's parents would return, having succeeded in their mission. They would arrive on the back of a baby Empyrean Tusk, giving hope for the herd's future. Based on the timeframe, the baby Empyrean Tusk would currently be South-East their location.

Blola was currently heading in the direction of their arrival. If the baby Empyrean Tusk is compromised, it would accelerate the annihilation of the Mammoth Clan, 'No, we might not even survive the Third Major Disaster.'

"W-Where is Blola?" Resha shouted, intending to get the information out of Virala, but the latter ran away. "Don't screw with me. Tell it to me, NOW!"

"Shouldn't you know it the best, Resha?" Virala's voice echoed, "There's a one-time use secret pathway in Ennoudu Plains that leads directly to the destination."

"It's too late."

Plop!

'It's true.' Resha knew it the best. Originally, he intended to use that pathway after getting his hand on an important item at the fair that happened today. That way, he could meet with his parents in advance and lead them to the herd.

That would ensure most of the 44th Settlement would remain alive. It was because, in his past life, barely twenty from his settlement survived the First Major Disaster.

"It's over!" He collapsed to the ground, despairing. The intense shock he experienced, coupled with the effects of his Fragment Disease caused his 100 Spirit Containers to shatter. All the Prana he had accumulated leaked out of his body.

He was so mentally affected that Resha couldn't even gather enough presence of mind to retain as much of the leaking Prana as possible. The reason for his despair was simple. The cure for the Fragment Disease was…

An Empyrean Tusk's Heart!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 24: Mammoth Fair
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hurry up, the lot of you." Instructor Mandu said as he led them down the Empyrean Tusk's trunk, all while mentally clicking his tongue, 'Resha, that blasted idiot! He up and wasted 100 Prana! Dammit! I really assumed he would become something based on his recent growth, but trash always remains trash, huh?'

Accumulating 100 Prana required a lot of time and effort. It also consumed a lot of resources. Therefore, Resha losing his composure meant he lost all 100 Prana, implying the wastage of all the resources used in his growth.

Such a loss caused Instructor Mandu to develop killing intent towards Resha, 'When you graduate, I'll chuck you the fastest into a Pranic Beast's mouth.'

'Why did you have to do that?' Inala stared at Instructor Mandu while walking right beside the weakened Resha, gloating at the latter's condition.

The fact that Resha lost all his accumulation meant he would have to build everything up from scratch once again. Even a newborn baby had at least one Prana. At present, Resha had none.

Building up Prana from one unit to a hundred wasn't as hard as building up one unit of Prana from zero. This stage was the most difficult.

After all, without a unit of Prana, Resha wouldn't be able to activate the Mystic Bone Art. This meant he couldn't cultivate to accumulate Prana. Even consuming 100 Parute Fruits wouldn't help the situation.

If the cultivation technique couldn't be activated, then consuming Parute Fruits would only end up causing indigestion, nothing else. So, having no Prana in the body was the biggest setback one could face, even for the regressor.

A normal person could at least do something about such a situation. They could be injected with a unit of Prana from another person and then gradually assimilate that into their body and work hard to make it theirs.

But Resha had no one to rely upon. He was alone. This provided Inala with a great opportunity. By helping him, he could probably get another useful Skill. That would further bridge the gap between him and the regressor that had lived through this world once already.

Inala wasn't aware of what Virala had done to result Resha in such a state. Currently, Resha was despondent, lacking any fighting spirit. Just one more push and he could be killed.

But in such a situation, Instructor Mandu directed his killing intent towards the regressor.

'Damn…' Both Inala and Virala groaned simultaneously upon sensing the killing intent. And as they expected, Resha reacted immediately.

'You want to get rid of me already?' Resha calmed down instantly, a nature he developed in his previous life. Everyone with enough experience of living in Sumatra became the same over time.

And honestly, sensing the killing intent brought him back to his senses, 'What am I moping about? So what if I lost 100 Prana? I just need to build it up from scratch once again. And even if Blola intends to make way towards my parents, he'll have to tread through the Zinger's territory. That's easier said than done.'

Resha stared at his body, 'I was originally hesitant to do this because I'm instinctually averse to any methods that cause me to lose my developed Prana. Since I already lost everything, it's fate. In this life, I'll tread a different path.'

'Fuck!' Inala stared at Virala as the duo trembled faintly upon seeing Resha break out into a faint smile.

Virala, Inala, Yennda, and Resha followed after Instructor Mandu in silence. None spoke a word about what transpired in the clouds above, acting as if nothing had happened. But the minds of everyone churned at full speed.

Soon, they came into view of the Ennoudu Plains.

It was a large piece of flatland that was barren, almost a desert. Faint vegetation sprouted here and there, but that was it. The soil didn't have any nutrients to sustain life. This was despite a river running through the plains.

The highlight point here was a hill that grew on the plains. It had an altitude of two hundred metres. Its peak had been levelled by monstrous power. Judging by the cracks, one of the Empyrean Tusks had done it.

The flattened peak covered at least ten square kilometres in area. And surrounding it, with their trunks placed along the edges were the 44 Empyrean Tusks. Using the trunks as bridges, the Mammoth Clan living on each Empyrean Tusk arrived on the hilltop.

When they were just a hundred metres to the hilltop, Inala stared forth and observed steep mountains covering the horizon a hundred kilometres away, 'We'll be entering that territory tomorrow.'

They looked like mountains but seemed as if the entire ground had been raised up by two kilometres. Narrow paths spread out within this elevated ground, forming canyons. Something resembling a dust cloud floated amidst the canyon. It was a dangerous region where the First Great Disaster would erupt.

"Fuck…" Yennda inhaled a breath of cold air, trembling in fright.

"Afraid?" Virala whispered as he nudged Inala.

"Heck yeah," Inala rolled his eyes, "The trial version of Sumatra ends here. From tomorrow, we'll be seeing its full version."

Dieng Canyon!

It was where shit truly began in Sumatra Chronicles.

'My confidence is waning.' Inala inhaled deep breaths to calm himself. Settlement life would become dangerous from tomorrow. After all, they would be attacked daily once they enter Dieng Canyon. There wouldn't be any time to rest.

And if he was the slightest bit careless, he could be assassinated, for that was the speciality of the Zingers, the Pranic Beast race that inhabited the Dieng Canyon. Unlike most Pranic Beast races, Zingers were structurally oriented in terms of roles and command chain. And the higher up the command chain a Zinger was, the stronger it got.

Mind that even the strongest Zinger was only an Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beast. But just like the Mud Vipers, their numbers were what made them terrifying.

'Well, my goal is a Zinger. So, I need to brace myself.' Thinking as such, Inala observed two concentric walls built on the hilltop, separating the area into three rings.

The outermost ring was where students like him could mingle around. The middle ring was for the elites while the innermost ring was for the masters. There existed a tower in the centre, the sole building on the hilltop.

It was where the 44 Settlement Leaders convened to discuss the future of the Mammoth Clan.

'This is where I can accumulate as much resources as possible in preparation for the upcoming conflicts.' Inala continued to circulate his 12 Prana to constantly maintain himself at an optimal state as he entered the outer ring and proceeded towards the location of his stall. 'This is the start of the Mammoth Fair.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 25: Inala’s Portraits
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'Thankfully, my stall isn't nearby others.' Inala thought in relief the moment he arrived at his spot.

The walls were built four metres high. Extending out of the walls were barricades that formed small compartments, creating spaces for people to set up a stall inside.

Inala took out a fist-sized lump of mud and softened it using the Mud Viper toxin. He flattened it until it was rectangular in shape and then proceeded to round the edges. The slab of mud was only palm sized.

Following that, he poked a hole at the top, enough for a thick enough string to be slid through. With the base ready, he whipped out four Spirit Weapons in the shape of carving tools.

With that, he swiftly began to carve a simple outline of his face. He only used his hands to hold the mud slab in place while his Prana moved the Spirit Weapons to carve on it. As he had practiced countless times, he was done in a minute.

Portrait!

It was just a neck-up image of himself, with faint indentations to give some three-dimensional feeling to the image. There was hardly any detail though, and most of the carving strokes were just there to emphasise the facial features.

For the eyelashes, an actual person had around a hundred strands on each eyelid. But in the drawing, he only drew about a dozen. Lips were just two curves, that's all. Despite cutting corners in the carving process, the end result still looked like him.

Upon seeing it, he propped up a small mirror and verified if the result was good enough by staring at his reflection, 'That looks good enough.'

Inala then made a second rectangular slab, repeating the same process. But this time, he paid attention to detail, making the result look as realistic as possible. It took around thirty minutes as Inala stared at it, satisfied.

It was a perfect replica of his face. Inala carved the number '20' behind the realistic portrait and the number '1' behind the simplistic portrait. That was their price in Parute.

Right as he finished up the two portraits meant for display, the area had become crowded. More than ten thousand students had congregated on the hilltop's outer ring.

And among them, around five people had walked past his stall and saw his work. They became interested in it and approached him.

One of them asked, "Hello, may I know what your stall is about?"

"I'll sculpt portraits of you," Inala said and pointed at the two portraits of himself that he had just finished, "There are two versions available now. The simple one costs one Parute while the detailed one costs 20 Parute."

"Why's this one so expensive?" The student pointed at the detailed sculpture and asked, "All you did was spend more time on it. So, why is it twenty times more expensive?"

"Touch it and see," Inala smiled professionally and made the student feel the two portraits.

"This feels…smooth." The student muttered after touching the detailed portrait. He then felt the simplistic one and frowned, "Why does this feel so coarse?"

"That's due to the materials involved." Inala answered, "Producing the material to give that smooth texture is expensive. And only on such an expensive material can I inscribe such a level of detail. That's why it's expensive."

"Give me a simple one then." The student said. He was only given ten Parute by his academy to spend on the Fair. He didn't have any pocket money and hence couldn't afford the detailed one. Besides, he didn't wish to spend so much money on a portrait.

'Well, despite his questions, he still gave me business.' Inala flashed a professional smile and began the task. At the sight of four Spirit Weapons working in conjunction to carve on the mud slab, the onlookers stared in praise. Controlling four wasn't easy, not to mention performing detailed craft work at that.

If it wasn't because he was an artist already and had dedicated himself to mastering the focus necessary in his past life, it wouldn't have been possible. Inala couldn't display such a level of focus and precision in non-art activities, such as fighting. He lacked the experience to do that.

"Please see your appearance in the mirror and confirm if this portrait is to your liking." Inala pointed at the mirror.

"Wow, it looks just like me. It's worth the money." The student said in praise, paid a Parute, and grabbed his portrait.

"If you ever wish to have a life-sized portrait, please commission me. I'm Inala from the 44th settlement." Inala said some parting words before beginning to work on his next task.

Many were interested in having a portrait of themselves. As students, they didn't have any accessories. At least, this was something they could show off to others. Besides, it cost one Parute. That was dirt cheap.

There weren't that many stalls in the outer ring in the first place, as the academies only informed them at the last minute. Therefore, more and more students gathered around Inala's stall. After all, he wasn't just selling a product, but experience too.

It was entertaining to watch him use four Spirit Weapons to craft. The students even gained some inspiration to control their Spirit Weapons from seeing his actions.

To gain as much attention as possible, Inala's voice was loud and chirpy, often cracking jokes. He had been preparing for the occasion for a month after all. So, he had enough material to entertain the crowd.

'It's going well,' He thought, observing the dwindling amount of mud and clay.

Standing among the crowd towards the back was Resha, calmly observing Inala, 'Inala is talented in craft. He's making portraits to earn Parute. His actions reveal his character. His innate quality is towards creation and isn't murderous.'

Thinking of how Inala traded the Toxin Refinement Skill from him, 'His choice makes sense now. That's how he wishes to gain resources, huh?'

Resha was observing to get a better understanding of Inala. Until now, he knew next to nothing about the reincarnates. That was primarily the reason behind the major loss he suffered recently.

He stared at Inala as his eyes turned cold, 'Mud, huh? I see, so what I broke wasn't his bones but the armour of mud covering his body. It seems he predicted my attack and hence came prepared to fool me.'

As Inala was emitting Prana while making the portraits, it was easy for the onlookers to determine that he had only 12 Prana.

Upon hearing the discussion about it from nearby, Resha understood, 'To save himself, he decisively blew eight Spirit Containers?'

'Who is this guy, actually? Where's he coming from to be this decisive?' Resha frowned in thought, 'What's his true identity?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 26: Self-Advertisements
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Come, everyone. Buy a Prana Booster!" Virala shouted as he stared at the students. "If you drink a vial, your training efficiency doubles for a day. It also has a mild effect in reinforcing your Spirit Containers. All for the price of five Parute, you can get a vial."

"Does this work?" A student frowned as he stared at the vial.

"Of course," Virala said and pointed at the figure of Ruvva behind the stall, "She's the granddaughter of Granny Oyo from the 44th settlement. She can confirm it for you. The medicine I'm selling has received Granny Oyo's approval."

As someone affected by the Fragment Disease that had reached the Life Stage, Granny Oyo was decently famous even beyond the 44th settlement. The students didn't know about her but once they inquired about Granny Oyo with their parents, they were able to verify Virala's claims.

"I'll buy one," A student approached the stall and bought a vial. Soon, more and more began to buy. Most of them just bought one vial while those with deep pockets bought many.

With every purchase, Virala's smile only grew deeper, 'I've made a decent killing this time.'

He had prepared two hundred vials in total. That was a lot for this occasion. And judging by the speed of purchase, he judged they would be sold out in a couple of hours. 'Then, I have enough time.'

He would be making 1000 Parute from this endeavour. But, Virala wasn't focused on that. With Granny Oyo's support, he didn't have to worry about reaching 100 Prana.

He had two goals in this event other than to hinder the development of the regressor and the reincarnates. The first was to network with the students that would eventually become pillars of the Mammoth Clan.

As long as he makes a strong impression on them and forges bonds of friendship, they'll support him when he makes plans openly against Resha and the others in the future. His second goal was…

"Excuse me, can you give me twenty vials?" A girl approached the stall, carrying a pouch full of Parute fruits. She had short, shoulder-length hair that waved every time she bobbed her head. The bangles on her hand jingled as she stretched her hand out.

Every bangle was a Spirit Weapon, but their only purpose here was decoration. From the way she dressed and behaved, it was apparent that she was affluent.

'Luttrena, my primary objective. She's here.' Virala's eyes shone as he calmly packed the vials and gave them to her, "Thank you for your purchase. If you want more, please contact Virala from the 44th Settlement."

"Sure," The girl, Luttrena coolly nodded and walked away. She seemed curious about the other stalls.

Virala calmly side-eyed her figure while continuing to sell the vials. Once they finished selling all two hundred vials, Virala patted Ruvva on the back, "Can you be a dear and return home with the money?"

He then whispered in her ears, "I'm going to interfere with the stalls of my enemies. I don't want us to lose our hard-earned money during the chaos. It's our first collective earning, so it's very valuable to me."

"Our first collective earning…" Ruvva blushed as she packed the Parute fruits and began to make her way back to their settlement.

The moment she went away, Virala walked past the stalls of the reincarnates, not even glancing at them. Before messing with them, he needed to stabilise his development route first, 'And she'll lead me to the cure herself.'

Upon seeing Luttrena walking away after buying a detailed portrait of herself from Inala's stall, he calmly approached her, the smile on his face deepening.

…

"What? How much did he say it costs again?"

"400 Parute? Isn't that ridiculous?"

"Is he mad?"

"He's a Death Row student. Obviously, he's desperate."

Yennda calmed himself while on the receiving end of verbal abuse by the students. There was just one item in his stall. It was a spear. And the price of it was 400 Parute.

That was a ridiculous sum. Even children of affluent masters wouldn't have so much money, not to mention most of the broke students that relied on the 10 Parute handed out by the academy.

As a result, when they heard the price, they couldn't help but hurl out curses at his blatant display of greed.

"Enough!" Once he observed a large enough crowd had gathered and noticed a certain someone among them, he infused Prana into his voice and bellowed, grabbing the attention of everyone.

The spear hovered in the air as Yennda shouted with vigour, unlike his usually silent character, "What? You think just because I have the Fragment Disease means I'm mouthing my mouth off in desperation?"

"Idiots!" He snorted, saying quickly upon seeing the expression of the students morph in anger, "Yes, I'm desperate to survive! More than the lot of you that might become dinner to a Pranic Beast out of carelessness."

"To avoid such a fate is why I desperately created this Spirit Weapon, named Roto Spear. It's what would allow a cultivator with Fragment Disease such as myself to rise above others!" He roared, "If you don't believe its power, just watch."

As he infused his Prana into the Roto Spear, its shaft remained still while its tip began to rotate rapidly.

"How is it that fast?" The students exclaimed in shock.

Anyone in the Spirit Stage could use psychokinesis to control their Spirit Weapons to fight. Generally, the most potent way to raise the Spirit Weapon's destructiveness was to give it a spin. It was why chakrams and spears were generally preferred as Spirit Weapons.

The bone spheres were just the basic Spirit Weapons meant for training. No one used them for combat after graduation.

The students had obviously trained to give a spin to a Spirit Weapon. So, they were aware of how much one could spin a Spirit Weapon in comparison to the Prana they possess. But Yennda's Roto Spear's tip spun at ten times the speed of what he should be capable of.

It puzzled everyone.

This was achieved by a complex network of concentric gears embedded within the spear's shaft while solving many structural stress-strain variables. Yennda was an engineer-cum weapon geek. And when he read Sumatra Chronicles, he had conceptualised such an item to fight better in these settings. Hence, he was able to create a functional Spirit Weapon that was more potent than others.

"Ten times the rotation speed," Yennda shouted, "Do I need to say anything else?"

"My Roto Spear is worth 400 Parute. If you have the money, it is yours." He roared, "Even if you don't at present, if you have enough Parute in the future, contact Yennda from the 44th Settlement. I'll create as many Roto Spears as you need."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 27: Yennda Succeeds
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hearing Yennda's shout, one of the instructors present at the outer ring to police the students came over and observed the Roto Spear. He waddled his way to the front of the crowd and stared at Yennda coldly, "Has your exhibit been approved?"

"Yes," Yennda nodded confidentially.

"By whom?" The instructor asked, coldly, wondering if an instructor had been bribed to allow such a nonsense exhibit to be displayed. 'Ten times the speed? If something like this was true, we would have created it long ago.'

"By Instructor Mandu from the 44th Settlement!" Yennda said aloud.

The instructor looked around and leaped afar, crossing the crowd as he approached Instructor Mandu and brought him to Yennda's stall, pointing at the Roto Spear to ask, "Is this for real?"

"Well, there are plenty of issues with it, but it's real." Instructor Mandu grinned smugly, "This kid only needs support to perfect this Roto Spear into something even we can use."

"Let me test it," Saying so, he grabbed the Roto Spear from Yennda and infused his Prana into it, instantly overriding the imprint on it. In a matter of seconds, he turned it into his Spirit Weapon and caused it to fly in the air.

The tip of the Roto Spear spun so fast it caused a high-frequency buzzing sound. But the speed was too much for the Roto Spear to handle. A faint burning smell emanated from it as a result. The gear mechanism inside had caught fire.

But despite damaging the Roto Spear, the Instructor was shocked as he stared at Instructor Mandu, "As you said, this has plenty of issues. But it's the real deal."

"Roto Spear, was it?" He asked Yennda, speaking upon seeing the latter nod, "It's too weak for the elites, but it's already the strongest weapon a student could wield. If you like it, I wish to promote your Roto Spear to the middle ring."

"Please allow me to take care of that," Instructor Mandu said, unable to conceal the smile that formed on his face upon seeing more Instructors coming to the stall to show interest, "Since you have checked it yourself, do you wish to vouch for it alongside me?"

"The completion of this weapon is to the benefit of the Mammoth Clan. Of course, I'll vouch for it." Saying so, the Instructor grabbed the Roto Spear and leaped over the wall to enter the middle ring.

"You succeeded, brat." Instructor Mandu patted Yennda and whispered, "Leave the rest to me. I'll do my best to get you a favourable deal."

"Thank you, Instructor Mandu." Yennda bowed happily.

"How many Roto Spears can you make in a month?" He asked next.

"One," Yennda said, "But if I manage to reach 100 Prana, I can create up to four per month. If I can recruit a talented student as an assistant, I can make even more."

"Got it," Saying so, Instructor Mandu too leaped over the wall and entered the middle ring.

'It's a success.' Yennda laughed, partly proud but mostly relieved that he had succeeded. He was tense all along. There were plenty of close calls, especially in the clouds before. He almost died back then.

Yennda stared at his bruised arm. He expended most of his Prana to focus on healing it, but there was still enough damage there, 'Resha! How dare you break my arm!'

"Is…what you said the truth?" A girl approached him, hesitant but hopeful, "Can someone with the Fragment Disease have hope for the future? Will that be possible with your weapon?"

"You are…" Yennda asked, despite being aware of the other party's identity.

Her bones were slightly deformed, causing her to hunch a little, an angular face with protruding cheekbones, and an overall sickly appearance. In Sumatra Chronicles, she was a girl casually mentioned in passing, taking up space no more than one sentence.

In the Mammoth Clan, she was the second woman with Fragment Disease. There were many such women in history, but were rare. At most there existed one or two per generation. And in the current generation, the first was Granny Oyo, and the second was her.

"Yuza," The girl introduced herself, "I too am affected by the Fragment Disease. I had given up on life, but today, when I saw many students with the same condition as me giving their all, I wanted to do something to change myself."

"When I saw you, I felt hope." She stared at Yennda, teary-eyed, "Is what you said the truth? Can we be saved?"

"Do you despise your weakness?" Yennda mimicked the pose and tone of a popular anime protagonist and extended his hand towards her, fired up, "Do you desire to grow stronger? If yes, then take my hand. Become my assistant and we'll jointly work towards a better future for ourselves."

"I do," Yuza teared up in happiness. At the sight of her, Yennda was excited, 'There was a reason only two females with the Fragment Disease showed up. Usually, there's a correlation between women and any uniqueness. It wasn't stated explicitly there, but when I think about it…'

He grinned and wiped Yuza's tears, 'Through her, I can cure myself.'

"Will you follow me to my settlement?" He asked her, "You're from the 43rd Settlement, right?"

"Yes," Yuza nodded, "But, is that possible? Can I enter your settlement?"

"Let's see," Yennda trailed off as he stared at the wall, "I'm waiting for permission."

An hour later, Instructor Mandu returned, happy as he threw a bag of Parute to him, "There's an advance of 2000 Parute in it. You have been allotted a small workshop where you'll be working from tomorrow onwards. All materials necessary to build a Roto Spear will be provided to you. As long as their family permits, you can assign a student as your assistant."

"At the successful completion of each Roto Spear, you'll be paid 100 Parute." He concluded.

"Only a hundred?" Yennda sighed.

"Yes, but all your other necessities will be taken care of." Instructor Mandu patted his shoulder, "Besides, that's only for the current Roto Spear. You get what I'm saying, right?"

"So, it's to motivate me to perfect it faster." Yennda understood what the higher-ups implied. If he completed six Roto Spears per month, he'll get 600 Parute. That means, before his graduation in eleven months, he'll have more than enough Parute to reach 100 Prana.

Once he reaches the Body Stage, his Parute requirements would increase. Moreover, he'll also be needing all sorts of resources from then on, making his earning of 600 Parute lacking. The only way to satisfy his appetite would be to complete the Roto Spear that could be wielded by elites.

Only then would he earn enough. So, to get more investment, he would have to succeed. If he remained content with his current accomplishment, he wouldn't survive once he reached the Body Stage. Therefore, he was forced to complete the Roto Spear in a year.

Yennda stared at Instructor Mandu and nodded, "I accept the condition."

"Please lead me to our workshop." He pointed at Yuza, appointing her as his assistant, smiling upon seeing his proposal get accepted. 'I now have everything I need.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 28: Mud Viper Egg Seller
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"That'll be twenty Parute," Grehha smiled as he handed out a fist-sized egg to a student. He was selling Mud Viper eggs. That was his exhibit.

Mud Vipers were only Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, the lowest of the low. But, it was still decently useful. And for the students that were either orphans or had no resources, they wouldn't be able to obtain a Pranic Beast egg to fuse their Spirit Container with once they enter the Body Stage.

It had to be noted that the Empyrean Tusk herd would continue to travel nonstop. Most of the time, they would be targeted by Pranic Beasts that had matured. The only way to get some eggs would be to venture deep into the wilderness and grab some.

A raid team would have to be set up for that and there might be lots of deaths involved. Once a year, a raid team would be sent into the wilderness.

But until then, the students that had graduated would be unable to cultivate. A useless adult was scorned the most in the Mammoth Clan. So, every student wished to cultivate in the Body Stage as soon as possible.

These Mud Viper eggs made that possible. Moreover, even the eggs brought by the raid team wouldn't be anything special. The majority of the eggs would be from Beginner or Intermediate Iron Grade Pranic Beasts.

The few eggs from Advanced and Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beasts would be hoarded by the affluent families, those with a Master backing them. If the raid team proved to be lucky, they would obtain one Silver Grade Pranic Beast's egg.

It had to be noted that the strongest of masters in the Mammoth Clan fused with Silver Grade Pranic Beasts.

While thinking of all that, even obtaining a Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beast egg was great. If the student didn't have anything else to fuse with when they entered the Body Stage, they could at least become a Mud Viper.

Besides, it just cost 20 Parute. That was pretty cheap for an investment.

'It's going well.' Grehha thought as he stared at his remaining Mud Viper eggs. It wasn't as if the Mammoth Clan had thought of raising eggs before. But the problem was that the Empyrean Tusks were constantly on the move.

Therefore, the climatic conditions constantly changed every few months, causing all the raised eggs to end up dead. When countless such attempts failed, the Mammoth Clan gave up on raising eggs.

But Grehha was different. The Mammoth Clan traversed a century-long route through Sumatra. Meaning, if a cultivator lived for a century, they would pass through the same region they had tread through hundred years ago.

In Sumatra Chronicles, when Resha was 115 years old, the Mammoth Clan passed through the plains where the Mud Vipers lived. This time, having become a powerhouse, Resha hunted Mud Vipers and experimented upon them extensively.

The Mud Viper Tonic was perfected during that time. It was also then that he figured out a way to raise Mud Viper eggs. Grehha was following just that.

Moreover, in his previous life, Grehha had nurtured countless reptile eggs, most of which hailed from endangered species. He ensured these endangered reptiles mated properly and laid down as many eggs as possible.

He was also responsible for hatching them. It was something he was an expert about. That was why, just based on the description present in Sumatra Chronicles, using his experience, Grehha figured out a method.

Mud Viper eggs hatched in a day. The hatchlings reached maturity in a month and laid eggs. Therefore, the batch of eggs he was selling at present was from the second generation.

Safely tucked in his room were dozens of Mud Vipers. The batch of eggs he sold was laid just yesterday. And it was from just three Mud Vipers.

A Mud Viper laid at least a couple dozen eggs. It was why the population of Mud Vipers in every nest reached a million.

Grehha had brought 60 Mud Viper eggs to sell and one for display. Once they were sold out, he smiled brightly. But he didn't immediately pack up and leave. Instead, he waited, his subtle grin widening when an Instructor approached him.

"How many eggs can you sell?" The Instructor asked.

"In my current capacity, I can only sell one or two. But," He masked his expression and spoke calmly, "If I was provided enough food and water and a large enough space, I can stably sell at least a dozen eggs daily."

"A dozen…?" The Instructor was stunned. He quickly gathered his bearings, grabbed the egg on display, and leaped over the wall, entering the middle ring, "Wait here."

"Yes," Grehha nodded calmly. But internally, he was excited. He had been observing Yennda's stall all along. And hence, he was aware of what it meant when an Instructor went to the middle ring.

As expected, an hour later, the Instructor returned, all smiles as he said to Grehha, "The higher-ups have approved your exhibit. Instructor Mandu will bring you to some vacant residences. You can select one that's perfect for raising more Mud Viper eggs."

"I'm grateful," Grehha bowed in response. He then packed up his stall and returned, calmly observing the Ennoudu Plains while walking over the trunk.

The winds were still fierce, but he was able to reach the top safely. Upon reaching the settlement, Grehha didn't return to his dorm. Instead, he made his way toward the tail end of the settlement.

There was a groove there, with the entrances to houses built within the inner walls of the groove. Only a small percent of the people in the settlement lived on the Empyrean Tusk's back.

The majority of them lived along the grooves on its stomach walls, legs, and even in the interior. There was a network of hollow bones that traversed throughout the Empyrean Tusk's interior, allowing the Mammoth Clansmen to travel through it.

It was in the liver that Parute Trees grew. And in the stomach grew Maetalla trees, meat-bearing trees in short. The fruits—Maeta—they produced were known as meat fruits and provided all the nutrition requirements for the bodies of the Mammoth Clansmen.

The large intestine was their water supply. Due to the Empyrean Tusk's Primary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity, the volume within each organ was hundreds to thousands of times their size indicated. Each organ acted like a small biome, generating its respective resources.

Grehha needed one such resource from an organ that none of the Mammoth Clansmen knew existed or had probably forgotten over centuries of neglect. He arrived at the end of a groove and looked around, not noticing any Clansmen around. With that, he took out a certain substance from his trolley and poured it on the floor in the groove, watching the bone there turn soft.

"It's here."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 29: My Son, Grehha
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Empyrean Tusk had voluntarily created channels in its bone to allow the Mammoth Clansmen to enter and exit. But over time, due to a lack of use, many channels closed up from the sedimentation of dust and nutrients that solidified over time.

During an invasion, such as the First Minor Crisis, the Empyrean Tusk naturally closes most of these channels. And unless necessary, Mammoth Clansmen wouldn't open them.

'One such channel existed here.' Grehha thought as he stared at the place he poured the mysterious solution over. The channel here had never been opened after it closed a few centuries ago. It had been neglected to the extent that the channel entrance fused with the exoskeleton. He had already scouted the place in the past month.

The solution he poured over was an acid refined using Mud Viper toxins. It wasn't strong enough to corrode the Empyrean Tusk's exoskeleton, but it acted upon the joints of the entrance and gradually consumed the solidified dust.

Twenty minutes later, when the joints had loosened up enough, Grehha used his Prana to control a bone sphere and slammed it into the entrance, pushing it using all his power as he saw the edges of the entrance stretch like rubber before snapping.

The entrance was pushed open as a turbid smell wafted out. It was dark inside as Grehha calmed himself and entered it.

The channel was two metres tall and one metre wide, enough for a person to move through it. Even though it was dark, the moment he entered it, his Mystic Bone Art fired up on its own, enhancing his Prana sense.

Suddenly, his surroundings lit up. In reality, it was still dark, but for the Mammoth Clansmen, it appeared brightly lit. This was one of the Empyrean Tusk's defensive mechanisms.

Even if a Pranic Beast were to get into the channel, it would be unable to see. That wasn't all. Rupturing gravitational force would pummel the invader, shredding its body into meat paste.

Those cultivating the Mystic Bone Art wouldn't be affected by either. Rather, they would be treated as part of the Empyrean Tusk's immune system.

Grehha closed the entrance and walked through the channel for a couple of hours, soon reaching a pulsating organ. "I'm here."

The channel diverged into multiple narrow channels that could only be crawled through. These channels surrounded the pulsating organ that had mostly withered.

Grehha crawled through one such channel and entered the pulsating organ, sighing upon sensing the lack of lifeforce in the region. He felt melancholic and had the urge to tear up, 'She's on her last leg.'

He suddenly slapped his face, brisking himself, 'Why am I feeling such attachment to this Empyrean Tusk all of a sudden? I'm not originally from this world.'

He landed within the organ and walked through a fleshy passage, reaching the end to enter a chamber within which lay an egg. No, it wasn't an egg, but something that would eventually become one.

Ovum!

It was the Empyrean Tusk's Ovum. There was only one remaining here. At the sight of it, Grehha was relieved, "Thankfully, there's one here. I didn't want to enter the ovaries of another Empyrean Tusk."

Thanks to the fair, most of the Mammoth Clansmen were on the hilltop. Ennoudu Plains was a safe region, bereft of any Pranic Beasts. Therefore, security in the settlement was minimum at present.

The sparse few cultivators remaining in the settlement were only there to guard the important locations. As a result, abandoned channels leading to the ovaries weren't monitored. But, that would only be for today.

Once the fair ends in the evening, all the cultivators would return. Grehha would have to finish his task by then. But, if he failed to find an Ovum in the 44th Empyrean Tusk, he would have to infiltrate another Empyrean Tusk.

Not only was it dangerous, but he was also running short on time. A trip to the ovaries took at least a couple of hours if not more. Therefore, he wished to succeed on the first try.

And upon seeing the ovum, he was overjoyed, gently touching it, "Thank goodness."

[My Son!]

"What?" At the sudden booming of a voice in his mind, Grehha screamed in fright, "What was that?"

[It's me, my son!]

He had never heard that voice before, but for some reason, it felt overly familiar. Moreover, before he realised what was up, his chest felt constricted as Grehha choked. Tears streamed down his eyes as he became emotional, instinctively recognising the source of the voice, "Empyrean Tusk?"

[I am Gannala, the 44th Empyrean Tusk!]

"I…can communicate with you?" Grehha was stunned. It was stated in Sumatra Chronicles that only the Mammoth Clan ancestor was able to communicate with the Empyrean Tusks. No one else following that could do it.

Even the various Settlement Leaders were only able to sense their respective Empyrean Tusk's emotions and communicated the same with the Mammoth Clan to coordinate on various matters.

'Even Resha couldn't communicate with an Empyrean Tusk, even at the end game.' Grehha was flabbergasted before excitement surged in him. A few seconds later though, the excitement vanished, replaced by sadness.

He stared at the Ovum, retracting his hand to notice that he was unable to hear the Empyrean Tusk's voice. Once he gently came into contact with it, he was able to hear her voice, "Why…am I your son? You didn't give birth to me."

[You are my son!]

The reply was short and curt. Grehha amounted the Empyrean Tusk to be delusional, 'I'm not even from this world.'

[I'm old, but not enough to be delusional yet, son!]

"What?" Grehha retracted his hand in a fluster, "Y-You can read my mind?"

He didn't hear a reply since he wasn't in touch with the Ovum. Grehha wished to do nothing but walk away, but remembering that the Ovum was a necessity for his plans, he gathered courage and touched it, 'Even though I can compete with Resha, I have no guarantee of succeeding. At present, Resha, Virala, and even Inala are ahead of me in the race. This is my only option to success. I can't give up here.'

The moment he touched it, the Empyrean Tusk's voice resounded in his mind.

[All Mammoth Clansmen are a part of me. To my senses, they are akin to a Bone Slip. I have access to all information in their bodies.]

"Then…" His heart lurched as he stared at the Ovum, "Are you aware of my origin…?"

[Yes, you're my son!]

The ovum gently hovered in the air and touched him, merging into his body.

[It's only natural I support my son. I hope you succeed!]

[My son, Grehha!]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 30: Empyrean Incubator
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'What…just happened?' Grehha was confused. Based on their conversation, he could confirm that the Empyrean Tusk could indeed access all the information in his body, including his brain like he was a Bone Slip.

The Mystic Bone Art was created by the Empyrean Tusks. The Mammoth Clansmen that cultivated this cultivation art lived on an Empyrean Tusk all their lives, drinking and eating the produce in the Empyrean Tusk's body.

Considering the treatment they received from the Empyrean Tusk, it could be considered that the Mammoth Clan was part of the Empyrean Tusk's immune system, protecting it from external harm while also gathering the food necessary for its sustenance.

Since the Empyrean Tusk could read all the information in his mind, it meant it was aware of his origin from Earth, including all the plans he had. 'Then, why did it…she continue to stress and address me as her son?'

'That doesn't make sense.' He then patted his stomach, feeling the Ovum that had fused in him, 'Originally, I only intended to use the ovum as an item. But now, she used her powers to fuse it into me to make it a power of mine.'

Tertiary Nature—Empyrean Incubator!

In Sumatra, a cultivator could gain three natures, Primary, Secondary, and Tertiary. Generally, when a cultivator reached the Body Stage and fused their Spirit Container with a Pranic Beast, they gained the Pranic Beast's Primary Nature as their own.

If the Pranic Beast was a mutant, they also gained a Secondary Nature. But, getting a Tertiary Nature was impossible. Only a handful of cultivators had that in Sumatra Chronicles, and all of them were powerhouses among powerhouses.

Even Resha gained his Tertiary Nature only during the Fourth Major Disaster. Therefore, it was astounding how he managed to attain such power before even reaching the Body Stage.

'But, if the Empyrean Tusk hadn't used her power, this would have been impossible.' Grehha paused all of a sudden, terrified upon realising something, 'When…did I start referring to her as SHE instead of IT?'

When he thought about the 44th Empyrean Tusk, he felt emotional. There was also a sense of love and respect, something he only felt towards his mother. How did the 44th Empyrean Tusk become a matriarchal figure in his mind?

He couldn't understand. Even after knowing everything about his origin and his plans, the 44th Empyrean Tusk didn't kill him but instead support him. "What…the heck is this?"

After the Ovum fused into him, he couldn't hear her voice anymore. After wracking his brain for a few minutes, Grehha was still unable to make sense of the situation.

He cleared his mind and intended to focus on his future. He could worry about the rest after that. With that in mind, he made his way back, carefully sealing the entrance once he exited it. His purpose of the visit was done. He wasn't going back there ever again.

Therefore, it was best to erase all traces of his activities, lest any of the reincarnates stumble upon it and get assistance from the Empyrean Tusk.

Grehha returned to the Academy of Refinement and arrived at the cafeteria. He entered the kitchen and made his way to the storeroom, waving his hand towards the storeroom manager, "Sir, I have come again."

"Fucking brat!" The storeroom manager grumbled, "Just because the academy doesn't charge you for food and water doesn't mean you can take as much as you want!"

"It's only a problem if I were to waste the resources, right? I'm not going against our law." Grehha smiled cutely, "I'm working really, really hard, sir."

"These days, you're taking as much as twenty students' worth." The storeroom manager grumbled.

"Today should be the last day," Grehha patted himself proudly, "My exhibit got approved today. Tonight, I'm moving out of the academy dorms. The Clan's going to sponsor me after this."

"For real?" The storeroom manager was stunned before chuckling as he shook his head, "Fine, if you were acknowledged by the Clan, then that's good. Take as much food as you need. Just make sure to never waste anything."

"Resources are precious, alright?"

"Of course," Nodding as such, Grehha filled his trolley full of food and dragged it back to his room. It was a small room, but thankfully for him, it was on the ground floor.

So, he didn't have to strain himself by carrying anything on the flight of stairs like Inala.

Entering his room, Grehha stared at the bound Mud Vipers whose mouths had been sealed with a harness. At the sight of his arrival, they wriggled in anger, intending to break free.

But, he had expertly caged them, turning them helpless.

"It's time to eat," Saying so, he took out his bone sphere and targeted their weak spots, turning the Mud Vipers delirious. Using the chance, he removed their harness, forced food down their throats, and enclosed their mouths with the harness once again.

It was routine by now. He then patted the bodies of each, getting a feel for them using his Prana, and picked a pair of male and female Mud Vipers. He made them mate with each other and then placed them back in their respective cages.

Following that, he rested, tired after the day's events.

Instructor Mandu arrived during the evening and knocked on his door.

"Come with me," Instructor Mandu said once the door was opened.

"Yes, Instructor." Grehha followed the instructor to look for suitable homes to move into. After the First Minor Disaster, the population of the 44th Settlement was a mere twenty thousand, less than half its original.

More than half the homes were vacant. So, he had plenty of options to choose from. Grehha selected the biggest underground house he was eligible for. 'The Zingers would only target the settlement on the surface. So, staying underground keeps me safe most of the time.'

Underground homes were the most dangerous to be in during the Mud Viper invasion, due to their nature of moving in the creases. But once they enter the Zinger territory, they conversely became the safest.

Mammoth Clansmen didn't like any cowards that shied away from battles. But Grehha wasn't supposed to know about the Zingers yet. Therefore, in the eyes of Instructor Mandu, Grehha was picking a home that had just been raided by the Mud Vipers.

'He's daring. I'm liking him more now.' Instructor Mandu praised Grehha's courage and finalised the house.

For the next three hours, Grehha busied himself with the transportation of the Mud Vipers and all his things. Once he was done, he stared at his home that spanned over two hundred square metres in area, split between two floors.

It was the biggest house a student could ever get. 'There's plenty of space to expand the number of Mud Vipers.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 31: Resha Infiltrates
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Once he had settled in his new home, Grehha grabbed one of the newly laid Mud Viper eggs and placed it before him. He then closed his eyes and focused, churning Prana throughout his body before focusing it on his stomach.

Tertiary Nature—Empyrean Incubator!

His prana covered the Mud Viper egg in the form of a sphere and gradually solidified into the Ovum. Following that, his Prana was rapidly sucked into it as the Ovum transformed it into the essence of the Empyrean Tusk, fusing it into the egg.

Empyrean Incubator had the property to genetically imbue the essence of an Empyrean Tusk in the target entity. Of course, that was easier said than done. Two hours later, the Ovum exploded, causing all the contents within to spill out.

"Damn!" Grehha flinched at the explosion, covering his face from the splash. He then swerved his head to stare at a tiny entity that had slammed into the wall. It was tiny, barely the size of his finger.

It was a Mud Viper hatchling but hadn't finished developing fully yet. Moreover, unlike a Mud Viper hatchling that looked no different from a tiny worm, this one had developed a tiny exoskeletal skull. But it was deformed, cracking all over.

Moreover, the tiny tusk growing out of the skull had pierced its body, stabbing its heart. It was dead.

"Where did it go wrong?" He frowned and carefully scooped the hatchling corpse and secured it in a container, labelling it 'Experiment 1'. He then looked around and noted down the environmental condition, his Prana condition, the egg's condition, and everything he could remember.

"I'm genetically alerting it. Of course, it wouldn't be easy." He sighed and began to collate his thoughts. From the failure of the first egg, he realised that this would be a long, arduous process.

Too many variables would affect the success. Hence, he would have to map out all the variables and the effects that had on the end result. "I need to purchase a bunch of long scrolls."

He then expanded his Prana and felt around the Mud Vipers, 'Good, they have mostly recovered their toxins.'

Grehha collected the toxin in a container from the Mud Vipers whose venom sacs were full, making an estimate, 'There's around 800 millilitres. Since I extracted it, their refining efficiency drops by twenty times. But that's fine. This would still net me 40 millilitres of the Mud Viper Tonic.'

And the number would only increase when he grows more Mud Vipers. It was best to not bring Inala to his house.

Until now, he fooled the latter by making him assume the Mud Vipers brought to Inala's room were the same. But in truth, he was swapping them with new ones, 'Inala didn't notice back then because he didn't know I could breed them. But since he saw me selling Mud Viper eggs, he should be aware of what I'm doing.'

Bringing the Mud Vipers to him would be too risky. Instead, he could simply bring the toxin. Besides, with a bigger space, he could grow enough Mud Vipers and obtain enough Mud Viper Tonic to reach 100 Prana in a few months.

He could spend the remaining time refining the egg that he could fuse with after reaching the Body Stage. "I should pay Inala a visit now."

"He probably won't do it for free anymore." Grehha thought calmly as he stared around before finalising, "I can provide him with the resources necessary for his work. He would have no choice but to accept the deal."

…

While Grehha made his way to the 44th Empyrean Tusk's Ovaries, another individual had the same thought. But he was making his way towards one of the most guarded regions.

'There are many elites standing guard here.' Resha thought as he hid behind a wall at a curve and peeked. In the channel leading to the Empyrean Tusk's heart stood four elites. But this was just the entrance.

There were multiple chambers within the channel, with the strength of the people stationed within increasing accordingly. At the end of the channel were masters, cultivators at the Life Stage.

Resha sniffed himself, nodding upon failing to notice any scent. He had not only taken a bath and changed his clothes, but he also doused himself with a scent-inhibiting powder that he had prepared.

He was currently barefoot, for only then did he have confidence in walking without making any sound.

Resha took out a pinch of another powder from his pocket and gently sprinkled it in the air, waiting for a few minutes until he calculated its travel, 'It should have reached them.'

He was just about to tread forward when he stopped. His heart thumped as Resha was nervous, 'No, there's no guarantee.'

'I should wait a bit more.' He told himself and waited patiently. He peeked gently, watching the eyes of the four elites slowly droop. It was a sleep-inducing agent and affected someone through their Prana. The particles in the powder had an affinity towards Prana and were drawn in its direction.

Since he had no Prana, Resha wasn't affected. He bode his time and waited, watching the eyes of the elites close one after another. Right as the eyes of the fourth elite closed, he tiptoed through the section and walked past them, nervous all the time.

In the channels, only the Mammoth Clansmen could see. Therefore, if any Pranic Beast were to enter, its only means of travelling would be to transmit Prana and rely upon its Prana senses. Therefore, as long as they spread their Prana around, the moment their Prana feels a foreign Prana, their skin would prick.

That would alert them of an intruder. As they had been at the job for years, they got accustomed to using their Prana. It became their habit. Resha took advantage of their refined senses.

As he didn't have any Prana, he didn't trigger their radar. Moreover, the sleep-inducing agent's effect was short-lived, barely spanning twenty seconds. So, they never felt anything amiss.

'Haah…huff!' He gasped as silently as possible and hid in a tiny protruding. He had gone through this route once in his previous life. And that was during the First Great Disaster.

At that time, when the enemies barged into the channels and made a beeline to the Empyrean Tusk's heart, he chased after them. Eventually, he received the cure. It was the most vivid experience in his life.

Hence, even though he had only travelled in this channel once, he could never forget even the tiniest of details here, having planned everything, including rest stops that were away from the eyes of the guards stationed in the channel.

'I'll get there earlier this time, unnoticed.' He thought, moving once he caught his breath. This time, there were too many variables. Hence, he wished to settle things in advance.

Resha was heading to the heart!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 32: The Empyrean Tusk’s Heart
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Using the same technique as before, Resha made his way to the last obstacle. Two masters stood guard there. They were at the end of the channel.

The channel spread into a massive chamber of bone. In its centre was a ginormous heart. But there were no signs of thumping.

A biological heart just wasn't powerful enough to pump blood through an Empyrean Tusk's mountainous body. Usually, large creatures had secondary hearts to pump out blood at farther reaches from the heart.

But the Empyrean Tusk had only one heart. And it wasn't even that big, just a sphere with twenty metres in diameter. Structurally, it made no sense, for such a small size just wasn't enough.

That was only until one thought about the Empyrean Tusk's innate power.

Primary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

The gravity within the heart was so powerful, space bent there, actually storing enough volume of blood to fill up the entire Empyrean Tusk hundred times over. Empyrean Tusks stored vast amounts of resources in their bodies.

In terms of water, they had enough in their bodies to fill up a small sea. The water was stored in a compressed space working similar to a Storage Lantern. The case was the same for food and other resources the Empyrean Tusk consumed.

It was because the Empyrean Tusks also treaded regions like the Ennoudu Plains that were bereft of resources. In such situations, they needed a vast sum of resources to upkeep their functions. Therefore, all storage organs held volumes of resources many times the total volume of the Empyrean Tusk itself.

The heart was one such organ, possessing enough nutrient-rich blood to satisfy its energy requirements for a year on its own. Adding onto the various stored resources, it could go for a decade without any external intake.

Empyrean Tusks were that much majestic and impressive as living creatures.

'That's the final obstacle.' Resha frowned in worry. The powder he brought wouldn't be effective on someone at the Life Stage.

When a cultivator entered the Life Stage, they became a special being. In the Spirit Stage, one cultivated their Spirit. In the Body Stage, they cultivated their body. Similarly, in the Life Stage, the cultivator cultivated life itself.

Depending on their cultivation level at the Life Stage, a master had multiple lives. Moreover, they could split their bodies into as many copies as the number of lives they possessed.

The split bodies weren't clones but were the actual cultivator. If a cultivator at the Life Stage was killed once, they would lose one life and could continue battling.

The problem wasn't with this but with the aspect of their bodies being split. 'Even though there are two masters here, I cannot guarantee they haven't spread more versions of themselves around the heart.'

This was the actual problem.

Resha used all the prepared powder and waited until it took effect. But just as he was about to go ahead, he noticed another master, a version of the one standing guard, 'Indeed, there are more of them.'

"Are you sleepy?"

"I just yawned for a moment."

With the slightest disturbance, the effects of the powder vanished. Resha couldn't take the risk anymore and he began to retreat, 'This was supposed to be the safest option. But since it doesn't work, I should enter a capillary and head directly to the heart.'

As he was a Mammoth Clansmen, the Empyrean Tusk would consciously affect the gravity around his body to prevent him from getting crushed by the liquid pressure in the capillary.

Usually, there were nodes in the blood vessels to filter out any foreign substances. Oftentimes, during an invasion, a few Mammoth Clansmen had by mistake fallen into a bloodstream, mostly when the Empyrean Tusk was wounded.

In such cases, they would arrive at a node and be kept safe there. Eventually, once the invasion ends, the Empyrean Tusk would send them into a channel. That was why Resha couldn't jump into a blood vessel.

He would be filtered out.

There were no nodes this close to the heart. That was why he took the pains to infiltrate this close.

He made his way through an intersection channel and sneaked in a certain direction, sighing upon seeing a broken channel.

This was broken when the Mud Vipers invaded during the First Minor Crisis. Yes, they had almost reached the heart. If the Empyrean Tusk hadn't broken the channel, they would have invaded its heart and devoured it whole.

The students in the Academy of Refinement weren't the Mud Vipers' target. Therefore, only a small number of the weakest among their numbers arrived there. The majority of their peak forces were concentrated in the invasion into the channel leading to the heart. A bloody battle had been fought there between the Mud Vipers and the Mammoth Clansmen.

An Empyrean Tusk corpse would provide enough food to a Mud Viper nest for a century, also proving them surplus Prana. Hence, it was a delicacy.

Resha extended a ribbon from his cloth towards the broken region of the channel, watching it disintegrate instantly. 'The gravity's messed up.'

He inhaled a deep breath and gently extended his hand forward, pressing it upon the chaotic gravity-infested area. The Empyrean Tusk instinctively suppressed the chaos there, keeping him safe.

But since it had voluntarily destroyed the channel, even it felt difficulty in fully calming the gravitational flux. His bones caused crunching sounds as a dozen places cracked in the first second.

'I can't last long.' Gritting his teeth, Resha jumped into the chaotic region, falling out of the channel. His limb bones were crushed into powder, causing them to flail about like rubber appendages. They were given up to ensure his vital organs were safe. The pain was unbearable, even for the regressor.

When the Empyrean Tusk couldn't fully save him, it focused on keeping him alive, allowing him to plunge into an open blood vessel. That had been torn off when the channel was destroyed.

The Empyrean Tusk suppressed the blood from spilling out through gravity. Problem was that it was too old by now. As a result, even its body couldn't heal from a simple wound such as this.

During the First Major Disaster, when Resha fights the Zingers through this region, he falls in through this cut wound. It remained unhealed until then.

But at that point, the Empyrean Tusk was in its death throes. It didn't have enough attention to focus on protecting him. Therefore, Resha experienced hell as gravity destroyed his body while his Mystic Bone Art rapidly sucked in Prana within the blood vessel, healing him back.

It went back and forth, allowing him to barely cling to life.

'At least, it's not as horrible in this life.' Resha thought as he was carried through the blood vessel. Even though he had no Prana, his body began to naturally absorb Prana from the blood like a sponge.

He couldn't activate his Mystic Bone Art to make the Prana his. Like the flow of blood, the Prana mended his destroyed limbs and the excess simply flowed out.

Without any nodes to filter him out, Resha eventually entered the heart, staring at the sea of blood all around him. He swam towards a wall and got into a crease there, taking a meditative pose. Even though it was full of blood, he wasn't affected by the pressure, thanks to the Empyrean Tusk's care.

Moreover, his body was naturally absorbing all necessary nutrients from blood, including oxygen. He wasn't breathing, but his lungs were constantly replenished with oxygen, allowing him to survive in such an environment.

'Now, I need to meditate and succeed.' Resha's eyes were cold, focused, 'A few more years remain of your lifespan. In this life, I'll prevent your premature death. The only death you'll experience is one of old age.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 33: Portrait Popularity
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'Where's he going now?' Inala paused his work for a moment upon seeing Inala follow after Luttrena. He didn't know Luttrena's real identity. All he judged based on her attire was that she hailed from an affluent family.

He didn't have any means to gather info on people outside his settlement. 'Did Virala get access to information about people from Granny Oyo?'

Granny Oyo also sold medicine to other settlements. Therefore, she maintained an account book about her customers. If Virala somehow chanced upon it, he might use it to further his agenda.

'Indeed, all he's selling is some medicine. With the support he's getting, he wouldn't even need the Parute gained from selling here. His true objective should be to network with affluent students.' Inala concluded.

Does that mean he too would network with the students? Yes. That was why he was making portraits of everyone. But would he target those focused upon by Virala? If the chance presents itself, then yes.

Grehha, Yennda, and Resha had already left the fair. That left only Virala and Inala here. After some time passed, Inala was unable to notice the presence of Virala too, same for Luttrena, 'Did the two of them go somewhere together?'

Virala was great at wooing women. Inala was aware of that fact. Therefore, he wondered if Virala intended to take a harem route, 'But the Mammoth Clan women aren't the type to share their beloved with another. He'll be stabbed in the back at this rate.'

'I can use it against him. But first, I need to gather evidence.' Thinking as such, Inala resumed his work, making portraits of the students.

"Can you make one with us together?" Two elites that intended to return to their settlement had exited the middle ring and arrived at the outer ring. They then noticed the most crowded stall in the outer ring and approached it to witness what was up with it.

Inala was aware that the rest of the reincarnates would only be selling a product. Therefore, they'll finish up the selling process quickly and would return home to collate their gains. That meant only Inala would be left behind until the evening.

The elites and even the masters would be leaving by the outer ring to return to their settlement. By then, most of the stalls in the outer ring would be empty, save for him. As most of the crowd would surround his stall, the elites and even the masters would be curious.

That was his goal all along. And once it was evening time, his first elite customers arrived.

Inala observed the two elites that seemed to be a couple and asked, "Do you want a couple's portrait?"

"Can you fit two people in that tiny portrait?" The female elite asked.

"Yes, but can you two hug each other?" Inala asked, smiling upon seeing them nod as he adjusted their hugging pose.

"This is embarrassing." The male elite blushed upon hugging his wife in public. Public display of affection wasn't a thing in the Mammoth Clan. Inala was aware of it, and hence, he hurried the production.

He finished the major sketch lines and prompted them to relax, "You can stop hugging. I have what I need to finish."

Since the pose was done, he only needed to fill in the details. That could be inferred individually. An hour later, he finished two portraits, giving one to each of the couple, "How is it?"

"A-Amazing!" The female elite blushed as she inspected the portrait. She felt the inscription of her and her husband in the portrait, observing their loving pose in a daze, "I'll treasure it!"

Death was everywhere in Sumatra. This portrait might not mean much in terms of practical value. But it created a memory of each other that would last even if one of them might die in the future.

They could remember their beloved through their portrait, living vicariously in the memory of their past.

"Thank you." The male elite made a curt bow toward Inala. He had only graduated a few months ago. He was a newbie elite and hence didn't have the arrogance elites usually had. This also meant he was nervous.

For, elites died all the time, in charge of most of the Empyrean Tusk's safety. If he died, he didn't wish his beloved to forget him. This portrait will serve as a reminder and keep her memory of him fresh. His wife too felt the same.

Moreover, the portrait was only palm sized. Hence, it could be carried on their body. They could tie it to a thread and sling it around their neck or harness it to their hip. By carrying it on their being, they would remember their family and would fight with a stronger intent to survive and make it back home alive.

"I can make portraits and even sculptures." Inala advertised himself upon seeing many elites eyeing his stall. "Whether it be the compact portraits you can carry with you or life-sized versions for your homes, I can make them in the shortest possible time. If you pay a premium, I can even make the portraits using clay that is as hard as our bones."

The last part was just a boast, but it did garner him plenty of attention. Many elites began to commission him, and soon, he ran out of materials. There were still plenty of customers waiting.

Smiling wryly, Inala expressed his apology, "I'm sorry, but all the materials I prepared have run out. I can only resume making the portraits tomorrow. Please visit the 44th Settlement's Academy of Refinement and ask for my service. My name's Inala."

"Only instructors can enter the Academy, right?"

"It's not appropriate for us to barge into such a place."

"He's still a student. If he was an elite, he could visit our settlements to take up work."

"What's the 44th Settlement doing?"

"Just assign this student a home to work on his craft."

"Don't they have plenty of vacant homes?"

The elites complained one after another. It wasn't easy to enter another settlement. A lot had to be coordinated beforehand to make two Empyrean Tusks move beside each other before the elites from one settlement could jump into the other.

Originally, Inala's work wasn't deemed important for the settlement's future. So, none of the Instructors promoted his exhibit to the middle ring. Moreover, the exhibit praised by Instructor Mandu was Inala's Comedy Troupe.

Therefore, when he didn't see it, Instructor Mandu was disappointed and hence didn't support Inala's actions. Inala advertised one but sold something else. It offended him. That was why he didn't support Inala's stall.

But now that dozens of elites pressured him, Instructor Mandu was forced to act and promote Inala's exhibit and permit him to form a business.

'I succeeded in the end.' Inala became relieved upon seeing an irritated Instructor Mandu give him the green light.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 34: Virala’s Grand Scheme
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hah…haaah…Virala…stop…go slower…!" Luttrena panted as she joined bodies with Virala at a stall in the corner. A shutter had been pulled up as a barricade to prevent them from being heard by the others. Moreover, they chose a time when all the crowd in the outer ring had converged around Inala's stall.

That meant there wasn't anyone nearby that could overhear them. It worked to their advantage. Or rather, everything was calculated by Virala until the most minute of variables. And soon, he climaxed, "Argh!"

"Wait…Wait! Wait!" Luttrena shrieked in shock, "Not inside! Shit!"

It was too late. The deed was done. Luttrena moved away from Virala and fingered her groin, intending to take out the semen. But strangely, she didn't even feel a drop, 'No way…did it go too deep? But I don't think it should be like this.'

Sex education wasn't a thing part of their curriculum. But that didn't mean she was unaware of what happened between a couple in the bedroom. She was only a couple of months away from graduating from the academy. That meant she was about to be considered an adult by the Mammoth Clan.

Her mother had given her a Bone Slip, granting her all the necessary knowledge on the subject matter. Therefore, Luttrena knew that semen would leak out if she used her fingers in a certain way. 'He wasn't even long enough to reach my uterus.'

"It was too good," Virala suddenly hugged her, causing her heart rate to accelerate. She didn't even realise she had been manipulated using an aphrodisiac, influencing her decision-making.

'It indeed was good enough to lose my mind.' Luttrena sighed before firming her thoughts, 'Fine, so be it. I'll bear a child. I'll become an adult soon enough anyway. I can handle childbirth.'

"Here, drink this." Virala suddenly forced a vial down her throat. Still under the influence of the aphrodisiac and due to the events that transpired before, Luttrena habitually opened her mouth and glugged the contents.

Her eyes widened as she stared at him in alertness, "What did you make me drink?"

"It's a medicine that prevents you from getting pregnant," Virala said, coughing out blood when he was slapped in the face.

"You…bastard!" Luttrena fumed as Prana burst out of her in anger, "How dare you!"

The Mammoth Clan's death rate was tremendous. Unless one became a master, they had a significant chance of dying anytime. The only way to combat this was by having a birth rate vastly superior as compared to their death rate.

Therefore, the act of childbirth was considered sacred. Whether it be through a mistake or not, if a child begins to form, they won't do anything to hamper its birth. After all, any Mammoth Clansmen had at least a dozen children or even more during her lifetime.

Having been alive for more than a century, Granny Oyo had 14 children in total. Her grandchildren were too numerous to count. Of course, a good portion of them died in the First Minor Crisis.

No Mammoth Clansmen ever avoided childbirth. Therefore, when Luttrena heard Virala's words, all her attraction towards him vanished, instead replaced by hatred, "Fucking trash!"

"I'm still a student!" Virala shouted suddenly, "Please wait until I become an elite. We can properly have children after that."

"Is that so?" Luttrena didn't even pay any heed to his words, "Pathetic."

With that, she never glanced in his direction and walked away, making her way to her settlement. Virala intended to chase after her, but upon sensing the killing intent emanating from her, he backed away.

He remained in the stall, infusing Prana into his cracked jaw, 'Such brute strength. She didn't hold back in the slightest with that slap. As expected of the 43rd Settlement Leader's daughter.'

"Even if she's just one of his many daughters, the resources she received are no joke. That's why even her body is so strong." Once he finished healing his injury, Virala stretched his limbs lightly, "Ahh, that felt good."

His lips curled up into a smile as he slowly ripped apart a thin filament from his donger, transparent in nature, barely a tenth of a hair's thickness. It was a condom he had created just for this purpose. That was why when Luttrena tried to take out the semen from her organ, she didn't find any.

Contraceptives weren't a thing here. Therefore, it didn't even cross her mind that something like that existed. Hence, she was fooled. As for the vial she was forced to drink, it had a hidden purpose.

'I look forward to tomorrow.' His grin widened as Virala stepped out of the stall and looked towards the trunk of the 43rd Empyrean Tusk, seeing Luttrena tread it up, 'Luttrena, my pawn, return to your home. As the Settlement Leader's daughter, you'll be protected. But, you'll also be your settlement's demise.'

As Luttrena returned to her settlement, she began to sweat a little due to the exertion. Her sweat evaporated and wafted out. As the sweat particles moved in the air, they seemed to have an affinity towards the buildings, latching onto them.

These particles released a faint scent, akin to a pheromone. It was faint and couldn't be smelled by the human nose. But, it was fatal for a certain species.

This scent wouldn't dissipate and instead remain on the buildings. The effects would last for a year, as that was how it was created. Moreover, more and more scent particles would waft out of Luttrena faintly through sweat.

The contents of the vial she swallowed would make her body react to produce sweat continuously, but at a rate she wouldn't notice. Moreover, it had fused with her Prana, constantly being created as her Prana regenerated. Therefore, Luttrena was pretty much a generator of the scent.

She lived in a building on the 33rd Empyrean Tusk's head. Therefore, when the Empyrean Tusk moved, it caused wind to blow from its head to its tail. Meaning, this wind carried the scent she exuded throughout the settlement, causing it to latch onto all the buildings.

'Only a Zinger would smell it, Luttrena. No one else can. But,' Virala laughed, 'It has been a century since the Mammoth Clan last passed through the Dieng Canyon. Zingers are only Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, weak. The Mammoth Clan cultivators that could transform into a Zinger had already died.'

[Zingers weren't strong individually. The Mammoth Clansmen that could become a Zinger were already few, to begin with. But over the century, they all died out in the battles. As a result, when the Mammoth Clan ventured into the Dieng Canyon without any Zinger among them to guide them, they suffered immensely.]

Virala recalled the relevant excerpt from Sumatra Chronicles, 'No one will know. And by the time anyone becomes a Zinger, it would be too late. The scent would cover both the 43rd and 44th settlements by then.'

"The path to a cure is just one," He muttered, "But that's only in terms of an available path."

"But I…" He muttered arrogantly as he walked up the 44th Empyrean Tusk's trunk confidently, "I'm different."

"I'll open up a new path."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 35: Imagination Art
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'I'm angry! Dammit!' Luttrena growled as she walked past the stalls one after another.

"Excuse me…" Suddenly, a familiar voice called out to her, causing her to turn around and stare in the direction of the voice. She immediately knew who the caller was, 'He's the student that makes the portraits. His name…'

"Inala, right?" Luttrena stared at her caller in confusion, "Do you have something to do with me?"

"Ahh, yes." Inala smiled wryly and asked, "You're someone affluent, right?"

"Why are you asking that?" Luttrena frowned. She was already in a bad mood, so she felt like she might snap at him if he talked to her anymore.

"I noticed that you're in a bad mood. I don't mean to overstep my boundary, but if you wish to take a breather and relax, I can help with that. I can make portraits that calm you at a glance." He spoke.

"I'm not in the mood." Luttrena huffed, about to walk away, "Don't bother me."

"You're on the verge of a collapse." Inala's voice turned serious, "Your emotional state is very strained at present. With the slightest nudge, your Spirit Containers might break. At least twenty Prana might leak out as a result."

"You…" Luttrena was stunned. She intended to snap at him, but the cultivator's instinct drilled into her since young made her think for a moment. If what Inala said was right, she might lose twenty Prana. That was dangerous. Even for her, losing that much would imply she wasn't good at controlling her emotions.

Her father's already low attention on her might completely vanish after that. She was irritated upon being denied a child of her own. That affected her tremendously, especially since births were treated as sacred.

Even though it was because of Virala's actions, it was in her body that a childbirth had been denied. That was taking a mental toll on her.

She glared at Inala, "I'm the 43rd Settlement Leader's daughter, Luttrena. I'm not weak enough that a minor emotional fluctuation would cause my Spirit Containers to…"

"I have the Fragment Disease," Inala made eye contact, sporting a solemn expression as he said, observing her flinch in surprise at his reveal, "At the slightest change in my emotional state, my Spirit Container shatters. I have gone through the process enough times to recognise it with a glance. You're at that state presently."

"Thanks to my disease, I believe I have the expertise to comment on your condition."

"Fragment Disease…" She muttered, calming down. She took in deep breaths and circulated the Mystic Bone Art, gradually clearing out her thoughts.

She had a friend that had the Fragment Disease.

When he graduated and proved useless to the clan, he was tossed into a Pranic Beast's mouth. She had personally witnessed the sight. By emitting her Prana, she sensed the faint cracks in his body, verifying that he indeed had the disease. Therefore, she knew the weight behind Inala's statement.

"Thank you, I have calmed down enough." She said after a couple of minutes had passed, "But I apologise. I don't need any help. I can naturally control my emotions."

"I'm glad you're able to do so," Inala broke into a smile, "As a Death Row student, I'm always desperate to make myself useful to the clan. And when I saw your condition, I knew I had to alert you about it."

"Moreover, you paid me 20 Parute. So, you're an important customer of mine." He grinned, behaving like a novice, penny-pincher merchant. His intentions were clear. By helping her now, he was hoping for more business from her in the future. As he didn't even display a shred of cunning, Luttrena only amounted to his child's play scheme as being cute.

"Haha!" Luttrena chuckled and extended her hand for a shake, "Inala, right? Can you make larger portraits?"

"I can," Inala patted his chest, "There's no limit to the size. As big as you want, I can make it, whether it be a portrait or a sculpture, from one person to your entire family. I can do them all. Also,"

He sported a smug expression, "I can also make Imagination Art."

"Imagination Art?" Luttrena tilted her head in confusion, "What's that?"

"What if you were born a male? I can draw a realistic version of that." He continued, "I can draw a scene of you fighting against a Mud Viper, I can make it as if you're raiding a Mud Viper nest, and so on. Or I can make emotional portraits of yourself or anyone of your choosing. Whether it be an intense display of anger, sadness, or happiness, I can make a vivid display."

He pointed at her, "Just now, you were angry. I can make an art of something that at a glance would make you angry, very angry."

"What's the use of…" Luttrena trailed off, webbed by his explanation.

"Training, what else?" Inala grinned, "Every time your emotion is affected, you can use the Mystic Bone Art to calm yourself. That'll serve as valuable training to control your emotions. For all sorts of emotions you can ever experience, I can make you feel them through my art. In a controlled and safe environment, you can practice enduring them without causing a loss in your Prana."

"I don't need to explain further, right?"

"Now I understand why you asked if I was affluent," Luttrena nodded and stared at him, calm, "These Imagination Art…would be expensive, right?"

"Yes, since they need to be detailed and explosive enough to evoke the related emotion in you. It'll take time to make." Inala replied, "But in terms of use, either you alone can use it or you can sell it to your settlement's Academy of Refinement for the benefit of all students."

"You want money in exchange for it, right?" Luttrena turned silent, saying after a while, "Give me two days to think it through. And please prepare a piece of Imagination Art as a sample. If it's as effective as you proclaim, I'll use my funds to support you."

"Thank you for giving me a chance," Inala bowed respectively, "I won't waste your valuable time anymore. Please head back safely."

"Alright," Luttrena smiled and turned around, intending to return home. She stopped all of a sudden and glanced at him, "You're from the 44th Settlement…"

"Yes, I am." Inala nodded, relieved, 'Finally, she asked the question. Now I'll be able to probe what Virala did to her. It took enough time, haaah!'

"Do you know someone named Virala?" She asked.

"Oh, I know him very well." Inala spoke with great familiarity, "The two of us share the same fate."

"We're both Death Row students."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 36: Worthy of Living
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Death Row student…" Luttrena muttered, feeling suspicious of Virala, 'How did I fall for someone like that?'

"What's he like?" She asked next.

"Hmm…" Inala made it seem like he was pondering carefully and spoke slowly, "He's cunningly smart, has a way with words, and always plans a few moves ahead. He's someone I both respect and dislike."

Everything he said was what he honestly felt about Virala. It was best to be as honest as possible, only then would he be able to probe Luttrena and glean into Virala's plans.

He then stared at her, "Why are you asking about him? Did he do something to you?"

"It's…nothing." Luttrena sighed softly.

"By chance…" Inala focused on her eyes, acting like he could see through her as he spoke, softly, "Do you like him?"

"None of your business," Luttrena snorted and turned around, walking away.

"If you're thinking of falling in love with him, I advise against it, since you're a valuable customer of mine." He raised his voice slightly, "He already has a lover."

"Lover?" Luttrena stopped suddenly. For an instant, her Prana flared up, causing her hair to flail about like it experienced a shockwave. Veins popped all over her eyes as she glared at Inala, "Are you telling the truth?"

"Yup," Inala acted like he was oblivious to her emotional state and waved his hand calmly, "Any student from the 44th Settlement would know. He's sweethearts with Ruvva, one of Granny Oyo's granddaughters. It was because of this that he was accepted as her disciple and taught medicine. He was selling medicine at a stall here with her."

'That girl with him?' Luttrena recalled the girl beside Virala at his stall. 'All he told me was that the two of them had a decent friendship.'

"Is that so?" Luttrena waved her hand and walked away, exiting the outer ring as she climbed the 43rd Empyrean Tusk's trunk and calmly scaled up. Her eyes were calm, cold even, staring at her surroundings as if everything was but dust.

'Okay, I did my part here.' Inala exhaled softly. It didn't matter if Luttrena commissioned him for the Imagination Art he boasted to her about. Plenty of elites would knock on his door for a portrait anyway. He could gradually tell them about Imagination Art and increase his sales.

Besides, his goal was only to earn enough Parute to hit 100 Prana. Once he reaches the Body Stage, he would be able to prepare and sell items vastly more expensive than the portraits. So, this art fiasco was only until the First Major Disaster began.

Therefore, his primary goal in approaching Luttrena was to instigate her against him. 'It's not possible to interrogate her about whatever she had with Virala. But, I hope by instigating her like this, I can use her to hinder his growth.'

That was his only goal. Of course, he would love it if Luttrena gave her all in destroying Virala. A borrowed sword with a fatally sharp edge was the best for destroying an enemy.

Inala packed his stall, watching the crowd leave the hilltop one after another. The elites broke down the walls into smaller segments and began to transport them back to their respective settlements.

"Let's return. You're last." Instructor Mandu approached him, having just returned after guiding the students to the settlement.

Inala accompanied Instructor Mandu as they slowly began to climb the trunk, watching the elites carry the items—from the hilltop—past them.

Krrr-Rooo-Rhaaa!

Right as Inala arrived on the head, the 44th Empyrean Tusk lifted its trunk high up in the air and unleashed a powerful trumpet, thunderously deafening.

"Shit…!" He used his palms to apply pressure on his ears, shouting as he felt like he had gone deaf from the sound. His body rattled, even though all that reached him were mere residuals from the sound waves.

As the Empyrean Tusk pointed the nostrils of its trunk away from the settlement, most of the trumpeting sound moved away from them. A blast of shockwaves, powerful enough that he could see a densely compressed wave of air blast outwards in a semi-circular arc.

It was powerful enough to flatten a hill, even though it wasn't even an attack. The shockwave travelled for more than a hundred kilometres, entering the Dieng Canyon. There was a stirrup in the canyon as a jet-black cloud flitted about in response.

"Amazing, right?" Instructor Mandu muttered with unbridled pride, "Only our Mammoth Clan has such a terrifying home. That's why even massive empires don't dare mess with us."

His eyes shone with contempt, "Fifty years ago, when I was a student, a king offended us."

He uttered with a bone-chilling coldness, "That day, 44 Empyrean Tusks stomped that foolish king's kingdom into oblivion. An entire civilisation was wiped out from the map just like that."

He patted Inala, slightly applying force, "If you wish to be part of our Mammoth Clan's legendary legacy, prove your worth and live past your deadline."

"I know, Instructor Mandu." Inala nodded, "That's why I'm giving it my all."

"You sure?" Instructor Mandu snorted, "Didn't you show me something else yesterday? Why did you not display that exhibit?"

"Actually…" Inala whispered in his ear, shocking him with the truth, "A master witnessed it after that and improved my Skill to a terrifying level. They told me to avoid using it to earn Parute, since it had combat potential. That's why I had to drop it."

"A master?" Instructor Mandu's negative impression of Inala vanished. Upon staring at the latter's excited eyes, he knew Inala spoke the truth, "Congratulations on getting a master's grace. That's a reward in of itself."

"Thank you, Instructor." Inala bowed in joy, "I'm sure it was because you spread the word."

"That…" Instructor Mandu smiled wryly, 'I didn't do anything.'

He then patted Inala, coughing to speak, "Keep working hard. We'll now proceed to select a house. Once it's done, I'll have to send the address to the elites that will request your service later."

"I have one in mind," Inala smiled contently and obtained the house he wanted. It was a cheap house, located close to the Empyrean Tusk's tail. It was the farthest house located in the settlement, never occupied because of the stench that pervaded the region.

It was situated alarmingly close to the butthole, after all. Moreover, every time the tail flapped around, it produced thunderous sounds. The environment would disrupt one's meditation. The previous homeowners vacated it when they lost a lot of Prana due to the disturbance.

"Are you sure this is what you want?" Instructor Mandu face palmed, "You have hundreds of better options, especially since half the homes are vacant. And this is the one you want?"

"Instructor," Inala spoke in seriousness, "I'm a Death Row student suffering from the Fragment Disease. Do I have a future?"

"No," Instructor Mandu shook his head.

"That's why," Inala stared at his home, "I'll challenge myself in this home. Just by surviving in such a condition where others gave up would mean…"

He grinned, "I'm worthy of living."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 37: Inala/Grehha
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Seriously? This house?" Grehha panted as he covered his ears due to the slapping of the Empyrean Tusk's tail and stared into Inala's new home. He looked around, observing that no one else lived in the vicinity.

This region was uninhabited in the first place. And with the settlement losing half its population recently, the area around the 44th Empyrean Tusk's buttocks was a ghost town.

"I'm surprised you figured out my address this quickly," Inala expressed his praise, "You must be desperate for my assistance, huh?"

Grehha didn't comment about that. Instead, he stared at Inala in all seriousness, asking with a mildly dejected tone, "Are you sure about this?"

"Your goal is the Zinger Queen?"

Inala's eyes widened subtly at his statement.

Grehha didn't let it slip past his notice, sighing in disappointment as a result, "So, I guessed it right. Why?"

He focused all his attention on Inala's face, observing his every minor change in facial expression, "The Zinger Queen is only an Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beast. No Mammoth Clansmen that ever fuses with an Iron Grade Pranic Beast will be allocated enough resources to become a master. You have no future, especially without a cure."

He glared at Inala, "You wouldn't even survive until the Second Major Disaster."

"What about you, then?" Inala snorted, "Your goal is to become a Mud Viper. That's merely a Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beast, the lowest of the low."

Grehha was stunned by his words, staring at Inala in shock, "How…?"

"Come in first." Inala motioned to his living room, "We'll talk inside. Even if this place is a ghost town, there might still be ears around."

His mood serious, Grehha entered the house and closed the door, taking a seat in the living room. He looked around, unable to notice any of Inala's belongings there, 'Everything here's from the previous owner.'

Inala's current home was special. During the First Major Disaster, this was where the egg with the Zinger Queen would be laid. The fact that Inala picked it meant he intended to become a Zinger Queen.

"That's impossible," Grehha expressed his confusion, "A male Mammoth Clansmen can only fuse with a male Pranic Beast egg. The gender rule cannot be violated. If you still force your way through, you'll explode."

"I have plans regarding that." Inala smiled calmly.

"Do you think it will work?" Grehha snorted, "Stop being delusional. Just because you think it'll work doesn't mean…"

"Oh, it'll work." Inala patted his chest, "I'm not basing it on some hypothesis. It has been proven in Sumatra Chronicles."

"Impossible," Grehha shook his head, "If something like that could be done, I would have noticed…"

"Are you sure about that?" Inala stared at Grehha with a sense of arrogance, "Just like me, you might have read the book multiple times. But, can you recall every single line from it? Moreover, do you understand every single sentence?"

"I don't," Inala said, "I only remember the parts that have given me a vivid impression. Only the lines related to it are crystal clear in my memory. As for the rest, I only remember the story, character, and the general meaning and intent behind the dialogues to the scenes."

"Aren't you the same?" He continued, "Didn't you base your plan on certain paragraphs that confirm your theories?"

"I get what you're saying," Grehha sighed in defeat and asked, "So, somewhere in Sumatra Chronicles, your method has been confirmed?"

"Yup, it was just a one-liner though." Inala said, "And it was said in passing. Whether it be the chapter comments or even the paragraph comments to the paragraph with that line, not a single reader commented about it. There was no weight given to it because the event accompanying that statement carried a significant impact. Everyone focused on that."

Grehha was silent. The moment the creature resembling Cthulhu brought him to that mysterious space, he realised Sumatra Chronicles wasn't merely a story. It was an account of reality being written by a deity.

That was why the novel was that damn interesting. Moreover, it had so many secrets buried within it.

The entire novel was a treasure trove of secrets. The greater one researched upon it and pondered the various sentences forming it, the more underlying rules of Sumatra Continent would they unearth. "If only I could refer to the book whenever I want…"

"I feel the same," Inala sighed, "I have the thought almost all the time."

"So, what's our plan?" Grehha spoke after a couple of minutes of silence, "Are you giving up on the cure?"

"We realise Empyrean Tusk's heart is the cure, but in truth, it could also be interpreted otherwise." Inala said, "Fragment Disease isn't a disease but a condition due to having a stronger Empyrean Tusk's characteristic. We're closer to the Empyrean Tusk in terms of our body's constitution, a lot more than the other Mammoth Clansmen."

Grehha's eyes widened in surprise as realisation finally dawned on him, "I see, so that's what she meant?"

"She?" Inala caught onto his expression and pressed forth, "What do you mean by that, Grehha?"

"It's nothing…" Grehha got up, intending to leave.

"Take a seat," Inala's voice dropped in tone, expressing killing intent, "Do you think I was sharing information with you for free?"

He calmly patted the sofa, "Sit."

Grehha glared at Inala while the latter did the same. The two remained in a staring contest for ten whole minutes, allowing him to realise, 'Inala is serious this time. If I don't cooperate, I wouldn't be walking out of this house unscathed.'

There would be a fight to the death. Grehha observed his surroundings with more attention this time, noticing pieces of bone subtly placed all around him, mostly hidden, 'Spirit Weapons! My goodness! How many has this madman refined?'

The entire house was one major trap, 'That was why he lured me in by goading me with sensitive information. I walked right into his trap.'

"It's good that you realised," Inala spoke calmly, "I purposely left a few in the open to make you aware. Now, take a seat, Grehha."

"The night's long, and before we enter Dieng Canyon, I intend to discuss with you, heart to heart." Inala expressed his resolution, "Believe me when I say I truly intend to exchange information with you."

"I have observed everyone for the past month. And I can say that you're also treading a route similar to mine. Our interests are aligned and wouldn't conflict for at least a year." He concluded, "Hence, I believe we both can benefit from this deal."

"We each have valuable information. Let's exchange it."

"Fine…" Grehha sighed and took a seat. It was his fault to have let his guard down. Unless Inala was satisfied, he couldn't leave the house. In his possession was a bucket with the Mud Viper toxin. Other than that, he only had one Spirit Weapon in his pocket.

In contrast, Inala had as many as he wanted, placed strategically throughout the living room. If a fight were to erupt, Grehha would die, irrespective of how much Prana he had. 'Inala's fully prepared and enjoys home-ground advantage here. I was too na?ve. Since I had been visiting his house daily over the past month, I forgot that we're not in the academy anymore. There's no protection from the Instructors here.'

Grehha stared at Inala, eventually revealing the secret that he had blurted out by mistake before, "I spoke to our Empyrean Tusk today."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 38: Planning for the Endgame
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So, the Empyrean Tusk addressed you as her son," Inala nodded in understanding, conveying his conjecture on the matter, "That is in line with my thoughts."

"You…could guess it?" Grehha was stunned, staring at Inala in a new light, 'He's terrifying. How did I underplay his fearsome intuitive prowess in my estimation before? Shit, my lack of scheming capabilities is being shown here.'

"Remember when Resha became an Empyrean Tusk," Inala said, "Recall our requirements to successfully enter and cultivate in the Body Stage."

"Once we build 100 Spirit Containers and fill them all with Prana, we'll reach the peak of the Spirit Stage. Once we fuse all 100 Spirit Containers into one, we'll enter the Body Stage. But, this Spirit Container is unstable and cannot last for more than a few minutes." Grehha spoke, "Therefore, to stabilise it, we fuse it with the egg of a Pranic Beast…"

"Wait a second…" Grehha shouted in shock, "There wasn't an Empyrean Tusk egg there for him to fuse with."

"Yes," Inala nodded, egging Grehha to continue his thoughts.

"I originally thought an Empyrean Tusk's heart doubled as its egg." Grehha frowned, "Since in Sumatra Chronicles, details about their birth were never stated. There also were no hints of a male Empyrean Tusk mentioned until the end. I assumed they were asexual creatures. There are many Pranic Beasts like that."

"Their heart doubles down as an egg. And when the parent dies, the heart becomes an egg and hatches a newborn. That was why I thought it made sense when Resha entered the 44th Empyrean Tusk's heart during her death and gained her power."

"Usually, that's the case." Inala nodded, "But Resha never fused with a Pranic Beast egg back then. Instead,"

Inala patted his thigh, "He absorbed enough of the Empyrean Tusk's blood to awaken the bloodline in him."

"It was mentioned thrice in Sumatra Chronicles as a monologue from Resha," Inala said, "Not once was it confirmed though. But, I believe that is the truth, especially considering how he could transform to varying levels at the Body Stage and fight."

"That…!" Grehha felt the last pieces of the puzzle in his mind fit right in. "Indeed, it's not the case of his genius capabilities in Prana manipulation that he could control his level of transformation."

A cultivator in the Body Stage could transform into the Pranic Beast they fused with. A cultivator that had fused with a Mud Viper would transform into the Mud Viper wholly. They would look no different from a regular Mud Viper.

This was always the case. But, Resha was able to control his transformation and split it up into four stages: Tusk, Exoskeleton, Miniature, and Empyrean.

At the Tusk Stage, he could create and wield a tusk as a weapon. He held the tusk in his hand like a tool. At the Exoskeleton Stage, an exoskeleton armour similar to the one on the Empyrean Tusk covered his body. But he would remain humanoid, the same size as his usual self.

At the Miniature Stage, he transformed into a four-metre-tall Empyrean Tusk. Only at the Empyrean Stage did he truly become an Empyrean Tusk in all its glory, standing at a height exceeding a kilometre.

Stages one to three didn't exist for any other cultivator. They directly transformed into the full form of their respective Pranic Beast. Originally, if treated like a novel, this characteristic of Resha seemed something reserved for the main character just to be unique.

But the moment Sumatra Chronicles was revealed to be real, that changed everything. It meant there was a concrete reason for its existence.

"You know that a Mammoth Clansmen suffers from the Fragment Disease because the Empyrean Tusk's bloodline is highly concentrated in them, right?" Inala concluded, "You know until this part. Then, do you remember the filler arc in Sumatra Chronicles about the Cooter Clan?"

"Uh…I disliked it, so I skipped most of the contents." Grehha smiled wryly. "That arc was damn boring."

"I did that too, so I understand your opinion." Inala nodded, "But I heard from someone on the forum that it explained the logic behind Resha's uniqueness. So, I gritted through the arc. There, I noticed some familiarity."

"Like us, the Cooter Clan live on the back of a Pranic Beast, the Empyrean Snapper. Rare Cooter Clansmen suffer from the Buoyant Disease. But in situations where they ingest large quantities of the Empyrean Snapper's blood, they awaken their bloodline and can transform into an Empyrean Cooter themselves. But this only happens when they ingest the blood while fusing their 100 Spirit Containers into one." Inala raised a finger.

"There was one example in that arc. He was someone as strong as Resha. But due to the Cooter Clan's carefree nature, he was never relevant to the plot." Inala concluded, "So, Resha never had to consume our Empyrean Tusk's heart to gain its power. Rather, to awaken our bloodline, we only need to ingest large quantities of the Empyrean Tusk's blood during the process when we fuse our Spirit Containers into one."

"That's the actual cure to the Fragment Disease."

Grehha sat in silence, too stunned to speak. As he pondered Inala's words and recalled his experience with the Empyrean Tusk, he felt things made sense. 'That means the cure is accessible. I see, so that's why I was given the Ovum. Through it, I can awaken my bloodline and become an Empyrean Tusk. All I require is enough Prana to facilitate the process.'

"But…" He frowned, recalling his first thought upon noticing Inala's choice of home. He stared in confusion, "If you can become an Empyrean Tusk, why would you choose anything else?"

"An Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast, the top of the top, with a lifespan of around 2000 years. That's the Empyrean Tusk. No other Pranic Beast can ever come close."

"That's true," Inala nodded, "If I awaken my bloodline, I would be similar to Resha and can activate my power in four stages, just like him. I'll be alive for long enough to become bored of life. But,"

He stared at Grehha in mockery, "Resha had all that. Then, what was his age when he died?"

"He…" Grehha turned silent.

"He was 119 years old. That's how long he remained alive before getting killed by the Boar King." Inala shrugged, "What's the use in being able to remain alive for thousands of years when you are killed before being able to live even a tenth of that lifespan?"

He mocked Grehha, "Can you kill the Boar King? Even Resha died a dog's death against him."

"Aren't we all preparing to survive the Fourth Major Disaster and prevent the Mammoth Clan's annihilation under the hands of the Boar King?" Inala growled, "Getting the cure is merely the first step. Being an Empyrean Tusk wouldn't make me stronger than Resha. That path would only guarantee my death against the Boar King."

"Can a Zinger do anything?" Grehha snorted, retaliating with his argument, "A Zinger can spend its lifetime attacking an Empyrean Tusk and still fail to make a scratch. Do you think such a weak Pranic Beast can manage to harm a single strand of the Boar King's hair, not to mention kill him?"

"Not in a year, no." Inala shook his head before grinning, "But by the time we encounter the Boar King?"

"Yes."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 39: Cthulhu’s Excitement
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I understand your plan better now." Grehha nodded.

"I told you pretty much everything," Inala pointed at Grehha, "It's time you reveal your plans too. There's a reason you've chosen the Mud Vipers, right?"

"Fine," After a moment of thought, Grehha stared at Inala, "But, do you understand the implications if I were to show you my plan?"

"By revealing our plans to each other, we're placing our weakness in each other's hands," Grehha said.

"I know that," Inala stared at him calmly, "Isn't that why I told you my plan already? Stop wasting my time and out with it."

'I understand.' Grehha was able to glean better into Inala's nature, 'He has probed enough that he's aware he could gain tremendously from me through this transaction. That's why he has revealed his plans without hesitation.'

'Wait!' He shuddered upon thinking of their first interaction. It was Inala that shouted to get Grehha's help in closing the entrance to the academy's shelter during the First Minor Crisis.

It was from there that their partnership began. 'He already had a grasp of my character to bet on me. And in the name of a transaction, he refined Mud Viper Tonic for free for a month.'

That transaction was due to Grehha giving Inala a Mud Viper. But after the transfer, Grehha had no way to ask Inala to uphold his end of the deal. They hadn't notarised the deal after all. Moreover, Inala gained nothing from refining Mud Viper Tonic for him daily.

Instead, he expended his Prana to do so. There was no benefit in keeping up his end of the deal, since if he holed himself in his room, it would be a blow to Grehha.

Without the Mud Viper Tonic, Grehha wouldn't have been able to raise the Mud Viper eggs, train, or do anything worthwhile. That one move would have crippled all his plans. But despite everything, Inala refined Mud Viper Tonic for him daily, without shirking away from his responsibility even once.

He always complained but never acted against him.

Leading to the current event, Grehha was terrified of this individual named Inala, 'Did he show his goodwill just to lay the groundwork for today?'

The groundwork began the moment Inala called out for Grehha's help. And by showing his favour during the past month, Inala indeed built a positive image of himself in Grehha's mind. If not for that, Grehha wouldn't have been willing to disclose his secrets.

"…Since when?" Grehha stared at Inala and asked, "How did you know that I would come to possess a valuable secret and would be willing to share it with you?"

"I'll tell you after you reveal your secret." Inala smiled.

"Alright," Grehha brought out the Ovum and spoke, "This was my target from the start. When I touched it, the Empyrean Tusk was able to converse with me. She called me her son, despite knowing everything about me."

Tertiary Nature—Empyrean Incubator!

"To the Empyrean Tusk, we Mammoth Clansmen are like a Bone Slip. All information about us is available for the Empyrean Tusk to access. So, she already knows of us hailing from Earth and whatever we set out to do." Grehha said, "But what was puzzling was that she used her powers to fuse this Ovum to me and made it my Tertiary Nature."

"Tertiary Nature," Inala nodded, "That's terrifying. Even Resha only gained it at the endgame."

Grehha then explained about his Tertiary Nature, "I plan to use the Empyrean Incubator to infuse the Empyrean Tusk's essence into a Mud Viper egg and create a mutant egg. Once it mutates, the egg would at least be at the Silver Grade."

Mud Vipers might be Iron Grade Pranic Beast. But when they fuse with the powers of a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, the result would at least be a Silver Grade Pranic Beast.

"I plan to refine as many successful eggs as possible. By collating the data, I'll do my best to increase the result as high as possible in the Silver Grade." Grehha said, "And if time permits, I hope to refine the Gold Grade Mud Viper egg. But I'm not sure if that's possible before the First Major Disaster starts."

"Even otherwise, using the Empyrean Incubator, I can refine myself." He continued, "It might take significantly longer than if I succeeded in these eleven months, but I have confidence in improving my Pranic Beast Grade to Gold eventually."

"But, why a Mud Viper?" Inala asked, "That's what I'm wondering about. Other than that, your plans are more or less similar to mine."

"Individual strength doesn't work against the Boar King." Grehha sighed, "If even Resha failed, I won't be foolish enough to claim I could be better. This past month, I could clearly feel how gifted he is towards combat. Therefore, I chose the only other method."

"Swarm tactics." He concluded. "It's the easiest to raise the number of Mud Vipers. They have the fastest maturity rate. And with my Ovum, I can make them vastly more terrifying than a common Mud Viper."

"That's rather straightforward." Inala could guess Grehha's thoughts. The 44th Empyrean Tusk was a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, one whose individual strength lay at the top of Sumatra. But even it was overwhelmed by a Mud Viper nest.

Had it stumbled upon two Mud Viper nests, it would have been surely killed. For a young Empyrean Tusk at its prime, at most four Mud Viper nests would be necessary to kill it.

Therefore, as long as Grehha had enough of a swarm under his control, he could kill even the Boar King. That was his plan.

"That's why I revealed my secrets to you, Grehha." Inala smirked, "I too am proceeding in the same route. That's why I'll become a Zinger Queen."

"Now, tell me." Grehha asked, "How did you trust that I'll come to possess such secrets?"

"It's simple," Inala grinned, "Remember when that Cthulhu gathered us?"

"I do," Grehha nodded.

"Back then, weren't you the most confident among us all in claiming to be better than Resha?" Inala grinned, "You're green."

"Yes, I was confident." Grehha nodded, "But it could have just been a boast…"

"You see," Inala coughed awkwardly, "In the negative review I left, I bashed his mom. So, when we met, the Cthulhu beat me to a pulp. That made me realise he's as emotional as a teenager. Therefore, I was observing him all along."

"When he gathered us all, his heads multiplied from one to six. And each head faced one of us respectively." Inala said, "For every statement we said, the respective head facing us reacted, even if all the heads spoke in unison. Since it could read our minds, that mild facial reaction indicated whether or not it believed our claims."

He stared at Grehha and grinned, "I clearly remember its expression at your boast. Even though it was subtle, it was an emotion of…"

"Excitement."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 40: Constructive and Destructive Greed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Visit my home daily." Grehha said as he held the refined Mud Viper Tonic, "Come after dinner time."

"Sure," Inala nodded. By inviting him to his house, Grehha was exhibiting his level of trust. The two had allied now and intended to walk towards a common survival. Since they didn't need to fight for the cure, there wasn't any significant reason to be in conflict.

Moreover, by allying, they could pool their resources and plan for a better future.

"Do you plan to reveal the true nature of the cure to the other reincarnates?" Grehha paused just as he was about to open the door, turning around to stare at Inala.

"Heck no!" Inala growled, "If I say anything to them, there's a guaranteed chance they'll destroy the Zinger Queen's egg. Therefore, I intend to play dumb and act as if I'll drop out of the race."

"Blola and Yennda creep me the fuck out. Virala is fucking greedy. He most definitely plans to proceed in the same route as Resha." Inala continued in irritation, "They're all snakes. And unlike me or you, they desire strength even if everyone else is killed in the process."

"Destructive greed, huh?" Grehha nodded. He thought of his plan, followed by Inala's, 'Both of us are incredibly greedy too. But our plans don't involve destroying others. The two of us fall under Constructive Greed.'

"What do we do about them?" Grehha asked, "We need to do something to thwart their plans. There's also the problem with Gannala's lifespan. After she dies, our lives would become terrible."

Gannala was the 44th Empyrean Tusk's name. Inala was now aware of it. He frowned as he pondered, "In Sumatra Chronicles, after her death, only twenty remained alive in this settlement. They weren't accepted as refugees by the other settlements."

Even though Empyrean Tusks moved as a herd, they were averse to having Mammoth Clansmen from other Empyrean Tusks live on them. That was because of one primary reason.

A Mammoth Clansmen born on the 44th Empyrean Tusk was considered part of its immune system. To the 43rd Empyrean Tusk, a Mammoth Clansman from the 44th Settlement was a foreign bacterium, not exactly an enemy but not a friend either.

It would be similar to the human body's immune system registering weak bacteria as a powerful enemy and launching a full-scale attack on it. The enemy would be dealt with so swiftly that the white blood cells wouldn't know what to do and hence turn up on the body's cells.

This was what primarily caused rashes.

A foreign Mammoth Clansman living on an Empyrean Tusk would cause it to develop a rash too. It would develop stress trying to ensure its gravitational fields didn't squash him by mistake.

For an Empyrean Tusk's mind, that stress was dangerous. Because it would quickly accumulate and pass over the tipping point, causing the Empyrean Tusk to enter an aggressive state. It would immediately attack the rest of the herd.

Just one foreigner, if cooped up in a house like a prisoner wasn't an issue. But if there were around a dozen, with each moving around like people of that settlement, then things became serious. Twenty survivors from the 44th Settlement were pretty much dangerous If invited into other Settlements.

It was because the Mammoth Clan disliked taking care of someone that didn't contribute. But to contribute, these refugees would have to take up work, meaning they would move throughout the settlement, only adding to the Empyrean Tusk's stress. The reward was nothing while the risks included the possible downfall of more than one Empyrean Tusk.

"Due to that reason, those survivors had to run after the herd and live a life worse than dogs." Inala sighed. Once a Mammoth Clansmen reaches the Body Stage, they would require a lot of resources, most of which could only be produced by their Empyrean Tusk.

Without that, they wouldn't be able to cultivate. Forget cultivation, if the situation progressed for an extended duration, their bones would begin to turn brittle. But it wasn't the Fragment Disease. Their bodies were simply starting to collapse.

"That arc was messed up," Grehha stated in worry, "The survivors faced the Second, Third, and Fourth Minor Crisis in that state. I remember having sleepless nights while reading that arc. The gore was…ugly."

"I stopped reading it for two months," Inala trembled faintly, thinking that they would have to face it next, "Only after the next arc started and I saw comments that things had recovered did I dare read that arc."

"The Mammoth Clan's ugliness would be on full display." Grehha shuddered at the thought, "Eventually, Resha's parents returned with a baby Empyrean Tusk. It accepted them as part of its immune system. Things barely recovered after that."

"I'm working on my goal to ensure I can prolong Gannala's lifespan until the baby Empyrean Tusk arrives," Inala said.

Grehha's eyes lit up, "Right, the Zinger Queen's power…"

"But," He frowned, "You won't have a large enough window after becoming the Zinger Queen to save Gannala. Or rather, I don't think you'll make it on time."

"Which is why I'm allying with you." Inala said in seriousness, "I'll support you with all my strength. And during the First Major Disaster, you'll become my bodyguard."

"In today's fair, all the reincarnates have gained a means of revenue. There aren't any significant opportunities after this for them to reveal themselves." Inala concluded, "So, I fear all of them would be busy holed up in their houses, cultivating and preparing their schemes."

"We won't get any other opportunities to kill them. That's what you're saying, right?" Grehha nodded, "The earliest opportunity is during our graduation. But that's an hour before the First Major Disaster starts. It's too risky to target them in that situation."

"Right, even if we target one reincarnate, we might also be injured in the process." Inala grunted, "If that happens, we'll miss our opportunity. That risk is the reason all schemes will stop until the First Major Disaster starts. But,"

His eyes turned cold, "Once they succeed in their scheme, they'll start hunting everyone else."

"I get what you're saying," Grehha nodded and opened the door, "I'll be your bodyguard. To avoid living through that arc, I'll do my best to help you succeed."

"Same here," Inala nodded, "I'll give my wholehearted cooperation for your success too."

Grehha closed the door and returned to his home. Inala looked around, feeling the silence of the place, "It seems Gannala stopped flailing her tail."

Inala left his home and sat on the ground, closer to the settlement's edge. He observed the vast darkness that stretched beyond, faintly illuminated by the majestic celestial bodies in the sky.

"Gannala, if you're able to hear me, gently slap your tail twice." He muttered after a while.

Immediately in response, the 44th Empyrean Tusk's tail gently slapped its butt twice, just as he had requested. It usually only slapped once, aloud, and that was to deter any Pranic Beast that crept towards it.

As the Empyrean Tusk moving last in the herd, it needed to be attentive about any enemies that might ambush the herd from behind. That was why it continued to make loud sounds using its tail.

Upon hearing the two, soft sounds, Inala laughed, faintly tearing up in happiness, "Ahhh!"

"I'm happy to have been reincarnated to this world. Thank you for tolerating my existence, Gannala. I'll definitely help you survive the First Major Disaster. After all," His face beamed as he stared at one of the celestial planets in the sky that faintly resembled Jupiter, "I dreamed of living a long life in this world."

"Sumatra Chronicles is hype!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 41: Entering the Dieng Canyon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inala woke up early in the morning and climbed to the terrace of his house. He stared to the side of the herd's path, observing that they were close to the Dieng Canyon. "In an hour or two, we'll be entering it."

Thump! Thump!

His heart rate gradually accelerated in anxiety. His body was tense as Inala heard the slapping noises of the 44th Empyrean Tusk's tail become frequent. The sound was also becoming louder and louder. It was apparent that even Gannala was nervous.

The previous night, Inala experimented to see if he could communicate with Gannala. Unfortunately, that turned up as a failure. Only special Mammoth Clansmen could do that. In Sumatra Chronicles, it was stated that only their ancestor could communicate with the Empyrean Tusks.

'Even Resha couldn't do it.' Inala thought. If even the protagonist couldn't achieve it, then it probably meant an impossibility. He didn't give up though and looked for a chance.

And even though he couldn't communicate with Gannala, he was still able to inform her. To Gannala, he was a Bone Slip. Meaning, she could access all his information, including his thoughts in real-time.

Therefore, Inala could ponder stuff based on their route and allow Gannala to become more aware. Throughout the previous night, he talked as much as possible, asking her to focus on him.

There was one problem with this. Gannala was growing old. The moment the reincarnates came into existence, she would have accessed their bodies to know what would happen next.

She should have been aware of the damage her settlement would face from the First Minor Crisis. The fact that everything still played out as in Sumatra Chronicles raised an alarming conclusion, 'Even if she knows, she cannot do anything about it.'

Gannala had grown old. In human terms, she was a granny that had lived past a century. At this age, most of her body functions barely worked. Her memory would be hazy, her body wouldn't cooperate with her mind, and most of all, her condition only continued to deteriorate with the passage of every day.

'Gannala is the oldest and weakest in the herd now. Based on the Empyrean Tusk herd's psychology, she has no say in whatever the herd does. All the Empyrean Tusks follow the leader that is at the front.' He thought in worry.

"Say…" He suddenly spoke, "If I were to enter the 43rd Settlement, would I be a Bone Slip to the 43rd Empyrean Tusk?"

"If it's possible, please slap gently twice. If it's not possible, slap thrice…" Inala was disappointed when there came three slaps. 'It means I'm only Gannala's Bone Slip because I'm part of her immune system. That makes sense. I'll be treated as an outsider by the other Empyrean Tusks.'

This meant he couldn't use his information to alert the other Empyrean Tusks. He was a student. Therefore, he didn't even have the qualification to talk with Bora Tusk, not to mention the leaders of other settlements.

And even if he found an opportunity, he would only be treated as a madman. Or worst, he'll be chucked into a Pranic Beast's mouth. That was the fate of Death Row students, after all. He would only be considered desperate to live on and hence uttered whatever he wanted to remain alive.

Without enough strength on the level of a leader, his words wouldn't be treated with importance. That was how the Mammoth Clan functioned.

Inala didn't plan to visit the academy today, for it would be dangerous. He stared ahead and observed the Empyrean Tusks at the front of the herd enter the Dieng Canyon. 'It's starting.'

He returned home and looked around, nodding upon seeing the barricades holding up well. He used the Mud Vipers to shoot mud balls at the windows, sealing them all. All that was left was the main door.

Once he barricaded it, he'll be able to get some rest.

Dieng Canyon was a special place, spanning tens of thousands of kilometres. It would take the Empyrean Tusk herd anywhere from six months to ten years to go through it, depending on the route they take.

Dieng Canyon was a hotspot where rivers from all over Sumatra converged. There existed a sinkhole at its centre where all the river water was sucked inside. It wasn't mentioned in Sumatra Chronicles as to where the sucked-in water would be ejected.

But it seemed to be somewhere so far away that it never came into picture until the end of the book.

Due to the convergence of rivers, all sorts of Pranic Beasts and cultivators travelled through Dieng Canyon. Things remained chaotic in this region, primarily because of one Pranic Beast race that behaved as both bandits and pirates.

The Zinger!

Reaching a height of three metres on average, it was a creature resembling a monkey. Trailing from its arm to leg was an elastic membrane similar to a flying squirrel. Thanks to this, a Zinger was able to glide through the air.

It was explicitly stated in Sumatra Chronicles that there existed no race in Sumatra that could fly, whether it be cultivators or Pranic Beasts. There were no birds.

Zingers came close to that term, only because they could glide in the air. But at the end of the day, they were pretty much mammalian in nature.

Unlike a monkey, Zingers sported sharp claws like a bird's, allowing them to perch on any surface. But they had five fingers like a human.

A Zinger could move both like a bipedal creature and a four-legged creature. Unlike the hunch monkeys had when moving on two limbs, Zingers moved like humans. They possessed flexible spinal joints that allowed them to be erect when bipedal and become curved to move on all fours.

On the ground, a Zinger was weak. But in the Dieng Canyon, with the walls reaching as high as two kilometres, it created plenty of ground for a Zinger to glide around and target prey using wave tactics.

In the Dieng Canyon's environment, they were the perfect predator. "And, I'll never fight them."

The moment the herd enters the canyon, the Zingers would systematically target them. There was no guarantee he wouldn't be killed by one of them.

That was why he intended to hole up for the remaining eleven months. Moreover, to buy any necessities, he'll use the grooves and enter the Empyrean Tusk's interior and employ the bone channels there to move around.

Thankfully, Zingers were creatures of the day and didn't have night vision. Hence, Inala could move about peacefully at night. It was why Grehha too asked him to come after dinner time.

Just as he faced his Mud Viper at the entrance, intending to seal it using hardened mud, there was a knock on the door. 'Who is knocking now?'

Confused, he carefully opened the door, peeking out slightly as a foreboding sensation welled up in his being, observing the person, "Instructor Mandu? What are you doing here?"

"I told your performance to the Instructors yesterday. They wish to showcase your ability to the students today to motivate them to work harder." Instructor Mandu smiled.

'Fuck!' Inala despaired.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 42: Temporary Instructor
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Instructor, I was training and forgot the passage of time," Inala smiled wryly.

"That's great, I commend you for that." Instructor Mandu nodded in praise, "But unless you have a valid reason, you shouldn't skip classes, alright?"

"After a third of the students died, we need as many there as possible." Instructor Mandu said, "Besides, I'm not asking you to demonstrate for free."

He grinned, "You'll be paid 100 Parute, since you'll be acting as a Temporary Instructor for an hour."

"Let's get going," Inala acted overjoyed as he consumed a vial of Mud Viper Tonic and carried a small box of clay.

Instructor Mandu wasn't someone that took no for an answer. Moreover, he was the middleman that brought elites from other settlements to Inala's house for the portraits. As the Instructor in charge of teaching him, all communications meant for Inala had to be passed through him.

Even if someone from their settlement wished to commission Inala, it had to be through Instructor Mandu. Therefore, he was one person that Inala couldn't afford to get on the bad side of, 'Otherwise, he might do something to reduce my customers.'

That was why Inala changed his tune, despite his unwillingness. He put on an enthusiastic act to ensure he remained in Instructor Mandu's good grace.

Moreover, it would have been normal if Inala was informed of the task assigned to him after he arrived at the academy. And if he dared be absent, despite being unaware, he would still be punished.

But Instructor Mandu took the initiative to inform him by coming to his house. That meant a lot. Moreover, the elites were aware they were entering the Dieng Canyon. That meant Instructor Mandu also acted as Inala's bodyguard, ensuring his safety.

That wasn't all. Even if Inala temporarily acted as an Instructor, as his task entailed, there was no need to pay him. It could just be worded as a discussion session among the students.

But it was obvious that Instructor Mandu fought on his behalf so that he received a pay of 100 Parute. That was his show of goodwill.

Instructor Mandu favoured hard workers immensely. Since he saw Inala doing his best despite being a Death Row Student, he intended to encourage the latter.

That was why Inala put on his best behaviour. He was internally nervous but acted calm and collected.

"This would be informed in classes. But since you'll temporarily be treated as an Instructor, I'll tell you this in advance." Instructor Mandu spoke in seriousness, "Half the herd has already entered the Dieng Canyon. We'll follow along shortly after. I'll do my best to protect you, but just be mentally prepared to be attacked by the Zingers."

"Don't be shocked by their attacks and end up losing all your accumulated Prana." He warned.

"Thank you, Instructor." Inala bowed in response before flashing a confident grin, "I won't disappoint you."

"Good! That's the spirit!" Instructor Mandu nodded in praise. Soon, the duo arrived at the training grounds in the Academy of Refinement.

The students were gradually assembling there. Inala stood next to Instructor Mandu, facing the students. He observed them, 'Neither Resha nor the reincarnates are here. As I expected.'

He wasn't aware that Blola had already left the settlement.

Once all the students arrived, Instructor Mandu gave a short speech, "Now, we have among us the Death Row student, Inala. He has shown exemplary performance at the fair yesterday. Today, he'll display his carving skills."

"Everyone!" Instructor Mandu's booming voice resounded, "Controlling four Spirit Weapons with such precision needs exceptional capability. Even we Instructors pale in comparison to Inala's delicate control. Hence, he'll be teaching you as a Temporary Instructor."

After Inala bowed towards the Instructors that were stationed all over the academy to protect the students, he addressed, "I'll just demonstrate my skills first for everyone to see. I'll then begin my explanation to train as I do."

Inala had just taken out the clay when he noticed a shadow moving across the training ground. He stared up and saw a creature gliding across the sky. 'Fuck! Already?'

Calmly gliding a hundred metres above the settlement was a Zinger. It didn't attack them but instead seemed to be observing the layout. It was a Zinger scout.

At the sight of it, Instructor Mandu snapped his finger. A Bone Spear—his Spirit Weapon—that was kept rest on the wall nearby flew out. It spun rapidly, causing a whirring sound as it flew at speeds surpassing a hundred metres per second and stabbed the Zinger's neck.

"Krook!" The Zinger coughed out blood as its neck had been pierced. But before it could react, the spear lodged in its flesh began to rotate once again, shredding the muscles as it punctured to the other side.

The Bone Spear made a U-Turn and pierced its wings, destroying its gliding capabilities. The Zinger wasn't even able to utter a cry as its throat had been shredded apart. As it fell, the Bone Spear poked a few more holes in its body.

In the end, the spear skewered its heart and gently brought it to the ground. Instructor Mandu calmly retracted his Bone Spear and commented, "A Zinger Scout. The best way to fight it is to crush its throat first. As long as it cannot shriek and alert its brethren, we can avoid a fight."

"Zinger Scouts are capable of transmitting a vast sum of information through a single shriek. So, always be on the lookout for them." Instructor Mandu explained a bit about the Zingers and then motioned for Inala to continue his class, "After Inala's class, we'll dissect a Zinger and learn more about its body."

Inala began his class as from time to time, one of the Instructors would kill a Zinger scout. Every time this happened, he became more nervous, 'The interval between the arrival of every scout is shrinking.'

While addressing the students, he casually looked beyond, noticing massive cliff walls come into view, 'We're entering the Zinger territory now.'

He wished to do nothing else but complete the class and return to the safety of his home. "And that's how you do it. I'm training different parts of my brain. For basics,"

He drew a circle with his left hand and a square with his right, "Just do this for ten minutes. If you can do forty sets without jumbling the square and circle, you can proceed to the next step."

As the students followed his words, Inala silently observed his surroundings, nervous, able to feel his legs going weak. Monkey-like screeches, hisses, and other varieties echoed. The sounds only grew abundant over time.

It was apparent that even the students were unable to concentrate. After all, this was the first time they ever heard Pranic Beast sounds above them.

'From today onwards, these sounds will accompany us.' Inala braced himself for impact.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 43: Official Entry
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A massive heap of earth, compressed to become stone, reaching as high as two kilometres. Its peak and base were more or less similar in breadth, like a pillar, but mountainous in size. Such mountains littered the area, each with steep cliffs, causing the narrow gaps between each to become ravines.

Due to the arrangement of the mountains, the ravines formed a sprawling maze covering millions of square kilometres in area. Some of these ravines became canyons due to the many rivers entering the region, as a result causing its monicker—Dieng Canyon!

The peak of one such mountain was littered with Baobab Trees. Sporting thick stems filled with water, they were a special variety among trees. Scuttling between the trees like squirrels were Zingers, numbering in the thousands.

A Zinger leapt onto a Baobab Tree and pierced its claws through the stem, poking a wide hole. It opened its mouth and galloped the water that gushed out. Once it had its fill, Prana gushed to its palms and condensed an egg-like sphere that it used to cork the hole.

Many Zingers did the same, drinking water from the trees and corking the poked holes following that. Usually, a Zinger didn't use a hole created by another Zinger, usually.

But because of their high death rate, once the Zinger dies, its imprint on the egg-shaped cork vanishes. And when that happens, another Zinger makes an imprint on it and uses it to satisfy its thirst.

"Kekeke!"

"Kakaka!" A horde of Zingers let out various cries as they rushed towards the edge of the mountain and crawled towards the cliff walls.

Strong winds were blowing through the ravine, fluttering the fur that covered their bodies. One such Zinger was slightly more developed than the rest of its brethren. Its eyes glistened with sentience as it hung on the cliff.

The claws in its legs lodged into the cliff walls, anchoring itself to the place. Its left hand held the dangling roots of a Baobab Tree while it placed its right hand over its eyes, like an umbrella, mimicking humans when they wished to observe things afar.

This ravine spanned a width of five kilometres, one of the widest in the Dieng Canyon, forming one of the major roads of entry into the region, frequented by many, especially Empyrean Tusk herds.

And currently, one such herd entered. As the majestic Empyrean Tusks walked into the ravine, they slowed down. The Empyrean Tusk at the very front, the leader of the herd stopped, observing the tens of thousands of Zingers waiting on the cliff walls.

It raised its trunk high up in the air, seemingly sucking in the air. Even though it was only inhaling slowly, the direction of wind in the ravine changed.

"Kieek!" A group of Zingers close by shrieked in fluster as lumps of rock in the cliff wall broke around the locations their claws were lodged in. They were being pulled in by the suction force.

The Zingers hurriedly bit onto the Baobab Tree roots while their claws repeatedly dug into the cliff walls, barely staying rooted. Some feeble ones were unfortunately sucked into the trunk.

The Empyrean Tusk soon finished inhaling as its eyes shot to the side and glared at the cliff walls covered by Zingers. Its trunk calmly faced in the direction where the Zingers were the most concentrated and unleashed a powerful trumpet, exhaling all the air to further escalate its might.

"Krrr-Rahhh-Laaaa!" Shockwaves blasted throughout the ravine, echoing off the cliff walls as a thick layer of compressed air, visible to the naked eye blasted for hundreds of kilometres.

"Kieee!" The Zingers shrieked as their eardrums ruptured from the shockwaves. Large pieces of the cliff walls collapsed as the bodies of the Zingers and any other Pranic Beast within a ten-kilometre vicinity of the Empyrean Tusk were smashed into pulp.

The ones further back lost consciousness. Their grips loosened in response as they fell from their spots on the cliff, making a beeline towards the ground.

But partway through the freefall, their bodies, along with the large broken pieces of the cliff walls stopped. Intense winds blew otherwise, preventing them from reaching the ground.

The Empyrean Tusk had begun inhaling through its trunk, using its Primary Nature to suck in air hundreds of times the volume of its body. As a result, the suction force was tremendous.

Tens of thousands of Zingers, along with trees, rocks, mud, water, etc. flew into the Empyrean Tusk's trunk. The unfortunate Zingers that didn't die until now were subjected to true hell.

Primary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

Divergent gravitational fields acted on them from all sides, shredding everything apart. Convergent gravitational fields followed suit, compressing everything into solid spheres. Moreover, the gravity seemed to have a mind of its own, segregating everything into smaller clumps.

A minute later, the Empyrean Tusk opened its mouth. It pointed the top of its trunk into its mouth and shot out compressed balls that were a mixture of plant, meat, and earth.

It didn't matter what they were. The Empyrean Tusk consumed them all. After all, it itself was a biome. It could sustain itself just by consuming the earth. Plants grew in its body, transforming the minerals into various products.

The Mammoth Clansmen further broke those products through their consumption. Thanks to the influence of the Mystic Bone Art, even the excreta they produced was a medicine that regulated the Empyrean Tusk's bodily function.

Of course, it still consumed plants and Pranic Beasts. After all, that was the fastest and most efficient mode of accumulating Prana.

It might not seem much, but an Empyrean Tusk's Prana consumption was tremendous. Its Primary Nature was always active and at full blast, bending space within its body. It was burning up hundreds of Prana every second.

The thousands of Zingers were merely a snack to the Empyrean Tusk. All it did was clear the path for its herd. As the leader and the strongest Empyrean Tusk, it was in charge of snuffing out any annoyances for the herd.

Moreover, its attack was a display of might, a preventive measure to thwart the Zingers from attacking them. But of course, even it knew that this wouldn't matter.

For every swarm-type Pranic Beast, Empyrean Tusks were the pinnacle of delicacies. Devouring one was usually enough to double or triple their numbers overnight.

"Kiek!"

"Kekeke!"

"Kukuku!"

"Kukugugugagaaa!" As more and more Zingers filled up the empty space, the Empyrean Tusk's eyes calmly observed them. Following that, it raised its trunk and released a gentle trumpet.

Immediately in response, the single-file formation in the herd changed as another Empyrean Tusk walked to the right of the leader. Quickly in response, the Empyrean Tusks began to gather in two files. Following that, the herd moved.

44 Empyrean Tusks in two files, forming 22 rows in total. The herd officially ventured into the Dieng Canyon, with the mass slaughter announcing their arrival.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 44: Catch!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Kukooo!" A Zinger Scout's shriek reverberated throughout the ravine as hundreds of Zingers perched on the Baobab Trees amplified and echoed the shout.

They let go of their perch and ran on the ground on all fours, like a feline creature, making a giant leap over the cliff. All the Zingers uniformly unfurled their membrane wings, gliding through the air as they approached the closest Empyrean Tusk.

"Kieek!" A scout moving the closest shrieked upon noticing Bone Spears fly towards it, launched by the Mammoth Clansmen.

A trail of air formed around the ends of their wings as the Zingers acrobatically raised their drag coefficient, abruptly slowing down their gliding speed. Their rapid deceleration caused the Bone Spears to miss their targets.

"Attack!" An elite from the 44th Settlement shouted as he controlled his Bone Spear to arc in the air and return, targeting the Zingers on the return trip.

A Zinger deftly avoided the projectiles as it arrived a couple hundred metres from the settlement. It clenched its clawed hand into a fist and condensed Prana into it, creating an egg-shaped object.

It had been gliding using the winds, reaching speeds as high as 60 metres per second. That was similar to a hawk's gliding speed. A top baseball pitcher's throw only reached 42 metres per second. It showed how fast they were.

Once it was in range, the Zinger furled its wings in a helical pattern, using the draft to rotate, transferring all its gliding momentum into rotary momentum. In such a state, it craned its hand to the limit and chucked with all its might, hurling the egg-shaped object.

Its rotary momentum plus the momentum behind its throw added into the egg-shaped object, causing it to make a whistling sound as it blazed towards a Mammoth Clansmen.

"Defend!" The Mammoth Clansmen was ready as he raised a Bone Shield large enough to cover his body.

The egg-shaped projectile slammed into the shield, producing a loud ring, throwing off the defender. But it didn't end at that as the egg-shaped projectile stuck to the shield.

"Ugh!" The Mammoth Clansmen that was controlling the Bone Shield—as his Spirit Weapon—grunted in pain, for the Prana he infused into the shield was being sucked by the egg-shaped projectile.

Primary Nature—Prana Bomb!

The egg-shaped object had the property to absorb Prana from the target they latch onto. The Mammoth Clansmen fell victim to that.

If he hadn't defended against the projectile, his body would have been smashed into a pulp from the impact. But if he defended against it, his Prana would be absorbed. Moreover, the absorption rate was rapid.

In a couple of seconds, he lost 10 Prana. Such a loss caused him significant strain, as if all the air was knocked out of him. It would take him a couple of seconds to regain his bearing. But before that, two more Prana Bombs slammed into his shield, the impact sending him flying into a wall.

After it had hurled three Prana Bombs, the Zinger raised its angle of elevation, using the wind to glide higher, raising its altitude to a range beyond the reach of the Bone Spears.

While doing so, it retracted its Prana Bombs.

Not only was a Prana Bomb an item it created out of Prana, but it was also its Spirit Weapon. As a result, it could control them through psychokinesis. While it flew overhead, it pulled back the three Prana Bombs it had launched, grabbing them with its claws.

The Zinger acted as a scout and flew over the 44th and 43rd Empyrean Tusks that walked side by side. Soon, it reached the cliff wall on the other side and perched on it. Gliding for five kilometres dropped its elevation significantly.

Using its claws, it scaled up the cliff wall and reached the top, stopping to rest after arriving at a Baobab Tree. It was exhausted, having been climbing for more than an hour. After drinking some water to quench its thirst, it opened its mouth and bit into a Prana Bomb, treating it as an egg.

The jaws of a Zinger were tremendously robust, capable of breaking through the Prana Bomb's tough exterior that didn't crack even when it was hurled into a shield with enough force to shatter the human body. There was a fluid within, similar to an egg's contents.

It was rich with the Prana absorbed from the Mammoth Clansmen. The Zinger relished the taste as it consumed the Prana Bomb, recovering all its Prana. It still had two more Prana Bombs. Meaning, it profited from the raid.

A Zinger leaped from one mountain, attacked its target, and reached the mountain on the other side, ending its trip. There, it would tally its expenditure. If the Prana it gained was greater than its expenditure, then it was a profit.

Zingers that made a significant profit would call it a day and begin cultivation. Those that hadn't earned enough or even made a loss would make repeated trips.

Moreover, the Mammoth Clansmen alone weren't the target. There was a bigger target, brimming with more than enough Prana to satisfy all their needs.

The Empyrean Tusk!

The Zingers threw Prana Bombs, targeting any place they fancied on the Empyrean Tusk's body. Prana Bombs secreted a gelatinous substance that made them stick to a target. Once they do so, they'll absorb Prana automatically until they were full.

As long as a Prana Bomb came into contact with the Empyrean Tusk's body, no matter the location, it will be able to absorb Prana.

Once they absorb sufficient Prana, the Zinger would retract the Prana Bombs and fly to safety. This was why they were treated as bandits. They stole Prana from the travellers.

One of the Zingers launched a Prana Bomb at the training grounds of the 44th Settlement's Academy of Refinement, targeting Inala.

A group of Zingers had targeted their academy, keeping the Instructors busy. But, it wasn't as if they could cancel classes, for unlike in previous territories where Pranic Beasts only attacked at full scale, resulting in wars that ebbed like the tide after a peak, attacks from Zingers would be continuous, ever-present.

That meant the cultivators had to learn to perform their duties while learning to deal with the Zingers. Otherwise, all activities would pause, which would only cause them to lose their Prana to the attacks without being able to gain any.

Eventually, their losses would accumulate enough to cause the Empyrean Tusk's collapse. 'That is how it died.'

Inala recalled the First Major Disaster from Sumatra Chronicles, 'Prana Bombs rained down from the sky and sucked Gannala dry of all her Prana. Her Primary Nature deactivated, causing the highly compressed space within to collapse. The items stored in her body, spanning volumes thousands of times her body spilled out like a storm and destroyed the region. Most of the Mammoth Clansmen died not to the Zingers but to this collapse.'

'But every cloud has a silver lining.' Thinking as such, Inala finished his live carving session, having created a baseball glove out of clay. Within it were Spirit Weapons acting as the bones of a hand.

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

As a Prana Bomb flew his way, the glove flew forward and caught it. The clay forming the glove deformed under the impact but managed to cushion the force and absorb enough momentum.

Inala infused Prana into it, decelerating its path as it flew towards him, carried by the Prana Bomb's momentum, barely stopping it mere metres before his face, "I succeeded."

"Catch!" He roared and pointed at the Zinger, "Batter Out!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 45: Puppetry and Shape Memory
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

After the Prana Bomb was caught, the bones within the glove released some of the stored toxins, causing the deformed clay to regain its shape.

Shape Memory!

Many objects in nature had it, reverting to their shape even after being deformed. Since the deformation was within its elastic limit, the glove regained its original shape. Once he finished creating it, he used some toxin mixture to give the product a shape memory.

This was made easy through the improved Puppetry Skill.

"Spectacular catch!" Instructor Mandu was all smiles upon witnessing Inala's display of the Puppetry Skill. He focused and caused his Bone Spear to fly at speeds superior to before, crossing 200 metres and stabbing into the Zinger's wing.

It was unable to glide anymore, falling to the ground when the Bone Spear slammed onto its head with its blunt end, knocking it unconscious.

Inala was stunned by Instructor Mandu's range, and so were the other Instructors.

"What are you waiting for?" Instructor Mandu shouted at Inala, breaking him out of his reverie.

Inala focused on his glove and made it throw the Prana Bomb, accurately striking the falling Zinger. The Prana Bomb stuck to the Zinger's body and began to absorb its Prana.

Prana Bombs were unable to differentiate friend from foe. Their Prana absorption didn't function only in the hands and jaws of the Zinger due to the gelatinous substance it secreted that countered the absorption.

Anywhere else and even the Zinger that created the Prana Bomb was fair game. By the time it fell to the ground, the Prana Bomb absorbed all its Prana.

Using the glove, Inala tugged the Prana Bomb. Since it was full with Prana, the Prana Bomb fell off on its own.

As the glove was covered by a layer of clay, the Prana Bomb failed to come into contact with the Prana that was being supplied to the bones within. That was how he prevented his Prana from being absorbed.

Inala's goal was the Zinger Queen. During his daydreaming sessions worth six years, he had obviously dreamed about Zingers the most. It was due to their aerial acrobatics and the hit-and-run tactics they employed, which perfectly fell in line with his nature.

If there was one Pranic Beast in Sumatra that he knew everything about, it was the Zinger. Therefore, he knew how to best counter their Prana Bombs.

The glove carried the Prana Bomb into a nearby room and placed it over a layer of mud. This insulation prevented it from absorbing Prana in the building.

All buildings in the settlement were merely an extension of the Empyrean Tusk's body—exoskeleton. Therefore, Prana flowed in them. It would be dangerous to leave Prana Bombs uninsulated. Thankfully, the one they stored was already full of Prana, so it couldn't absorb any more.

These Prana Bombs would serve as their reserve of Prana, allowing them to fight the nonstop battles that would occur daily from here on. Moreover, this was the only way to steal Prana from the Zingers and recoup their losses as much as possible.

"Instructor…" Inala muttered, staring at Instructor Mandu in shock.

There were obvious limits as to the range a Spirit Weapon could be wielded at. There existed two ranges: Effective Range and Maximum Range.

Effective Range was where they could unleash their full potential in controlling the Spirit Weapon. Beyond that, the Prana consumption would increase while the Spirit Weapon's speed and accuracy plummeted.

For a cultivator at the Spirit Stage, the Effective Range was 40 metres while the Maximum Range was 60 metres. When a student was able to wield his Spirit Weapon freely within forty metres after reaching the peak of the Spirit Stage, they would graduate.

As the efficiency dropped drastically with the addition of a second Spirit Weapon, all ranges were considered only when wielding one Spirit Weapon.

For a cultivator at the Body Stage, the Effective Range was 120 metres while the Maximum Range was 180 metres. If they by mistake send their Spirit Weapon beyond the Maximum Range, the weapon would simply collapse to the ground.

The majority of the cultivators in the settlement were elites. Therefore, maintaining a distance of two hundred metres was enough for the Zingers to target freely. It was why they launched their attacks from such a distance.

And once the elites endured the blow from the projectile and struggled to cope with their Prana being sucked out, the Zingers would enter their range, retract the Prana Bombs and go beyond 200 metres once again. Thereby, they avoided death.

Instructor Mandu's Spirit Weapon surpassed 200 metres while targeting the Zinger just now. That could only mean one thing.

Inala cupped his fists and bowed in respect, "Congratulations on becoming a master!"

"Congratulations on becoming a master!" The other Instructors too offered their congratulations. It was a joyous occasion to greet the birth of a master. After all, the addition of every master strengthened their settlement's defence and stability.

"Thank you, everyone. Let's not distract ourselves and continue with the class." Instructor Mandu flashed a curt smile and resumed dealing with the Zingers.

'Things are still proceeding according to the book.' Inala thought while in a congratulatory pose. In Sumatra Chronicles, Instructor Mandu reached the Life Stage on the first day of their entry into the Dieng Canyon.

"Inala, continue with the classes." Instructor Mandu patted Inala on the shoulder, "I'll nudge you whenever a Zinger is targeting us. Use your Skill to catch their Prana Bombs."

"On it!" Inala nodded, feeling relieved upon seeing the expression of praise on Instructor Mandu's face.

It was because of Inala's display of the Puppetry Skill. This was what he used in Inala's Comedy Troupe. Instructor Mandu later learned that the Skill had been upgraded by a master.

And upon seeing its effectiveness in combat, his opinion of Inala reached a new height, 'The Puppetry Skill has been geared to be effective against Zingers. Spectacular. Only a master has such foresight.'

Since they were about to enter the Zinger's territory, when a master chanced upon Inala's Puppetry Skill, they saw the ingenuity in the Skill and upgraded it, intending to counter the Zingers. That was Instructor Mandu's line of thought.

It was far from reality, but Inala had no intention to correct him, 'It's good that he's seeing me in a positive light.'

Inala eventually concluded his class, having caught more than twenty Prana Bombs. For his lecture, he received 100 Parute Fruits. And for his contribution to the fight, he received two Prana Bombs that were full of Prana.

"Amazing!" Inala returned to his spot at the Death Row, at the back of the class, controlling his giddiness as he stared at the two Prana Bombs, 'Each of them contains 100 Prana. They'll come in handy during emergencies.'

'But, I shouldn't let this victory get to my head. We have only entered the Dieng Canyon. All I've faced are Basic Zingers that are at the Beginner Iron Grade.' He calmed himself and remained attentive to his surroundings, 'By evening, Zinger Captains would start appearing. They're at the Intermediate Iron Grade and the Prana Bombs they hurl pack a stronger punch.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 46: Mandu’s Lifelong Regret
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inala only had 12 Prana at present. The previous day, he had twenty. But to fool Resha, he blew up eight Spirit Containers, causing him to lose 8 Prana.

His control was improving day by day thanks to his practice with the Spirit Reinforcement Skill. But it would still take him time to catch a Prana Bomb thrown by a Zinger Captain. That would only be possible once he reached the peak of the Spirit Stage.

But that didn't mean he didn't have other means. 'Puppetry Skill allows dextrous control of a complex arrangement of Spirit Weapons. With that, I don't need to face the Prana Bombs head-on but can deflect them.'

The glove would catch the Prana Bomb anyway. Moreover, this would happen many metres away from Inala. That meant he had a window anywhere from 0.1 to 1 second, depending on the distance to react.

By making the glove move at an angle, he could divert the projectile path of the Prana Bomb. As long as he diverts it by a metre, he would avoid an impact to his being. Inala intended to reach such a level of skill.

'It seems I cannot avoid classes thanks to Instructor Mandu. Might as well use his good grace and train under his protection.' He intended to stick close to Instructor Mandu for the purpose, 'Besides, he reached the Life Stage. I can obtain some valuable information regarding it from him.'

Only information regarding the Spirit Stage and the early phase of the Body Stage were taught in class. Information about the Life Stage was only available to elites that crept towards the peak of the Body Stage.

Too many things beyond one's control would happen in Sumatra Continent. Therefore, at the first sign of a variable, one would have to alert their plans accordingly. Inala had been repeating this statement to follow it by heart.

And now, it was effective, seeing how he didn't even waste any time thinking about having to scrape his original plans. Rather, his brain began to think up new schemes naturally, 'My mental training is working. My mind is acclimating to this world.'

Seated at the back of the class, Inala listened to the lecture while controlling his glove. Whenever a Prana Bomb came in range, he caught them.

When the Zinger Scouts observed his actions, they avoided the area. But that was only temporary.

On every mountain lived a Zinger colony. As the Empyrean Tusk moved and walked past a new mountain, the Zinger colony there raided it.

So, every time this happened, a group of Zinger Scouts would attack the academy. That also meant there would be short intervals free of attacks, which was when Inala took a breather.

Eventually, it was evening time as classes had ended. 'I somehow survived through that.'

Inala sighed in relief. Not a single student had died to the Zingers, thanks to the protection of the Instructors. But there was no guarantee of it all the time. And that uncertainty was what gave him the loosies.

"Inala, you need to be prepared." Instructor Mandu approached him right as he was about to leave. He brought Inala to a corner and whispered, "In two days, you'll be visiting the 43rd Settlement. Their leader wishes to see you and told you to prepare something called an Imagination Art."

"What is this Imagination Art?" He asked in curiosity.

"It's an advanced version of the portraits I make," Inala said, purposefully expressing pride, "They are useful to train our emotions."

"Does it work?" Instructor Mandu pondered. He wasn't the type to believe something unless provided with solid proof.

"We'll know in two days. I boasted about it to one of the 43rd Settlement Chief's daughters. I'm sure this summons is to test the veracity of my claim." Inala nodded.

"Work hard to succeed," Instructor Mandu patted him in seriousness, "Succeed and become valuable to our clan. That way, you'll have a future."

"If only you didn't have the Fragment Disease…" He trailed off and walked away, muttering softly, "Your talents would have granted you a solid future."

"At least better than mine."

His last statement held his regret. Inala silently stared at the retreating figure of Instructor Mandu, 'Mandu, an unfortunate character.'

When he was a student, Mandu slacked off during training. He hailed from a decently well-off family. His parents were well-known elites and possessed enough power to take up important tasks in the Clan.

He never felt a strong drive to improve himself. As a result, when he graduated, the Clan's evaluation of his potential was merely C-Grade.

The task of the Instructors in the Academy wasn't limited to teaching the students. But from the age of ten when a student entered the academy to when they graduated, the Instructors would evaluate them on many criteria.

Resourcefulness, Survivability, Desire for Survival, and finally, Potential Contribution to the Mammoth Clan. The last factor was the most important of them all. Over the course of five years in the academy, the student would be evaluated.

The Instructors would pile up all the data and present it to the Settlement Leader and the council of masters. The masters would grade the students from D to A.

A D-Grade student would receive a Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beast egg to fuse with. Intermediate Iron Grade egg for C-Grade students, Advanced Iron Grade egg for B-Grade students, and finally, Expert Iron Grade egg for A-Grade students.

The Settlement Leader would be the one that decided the type of Pranic Beast a student would get in their grade. And finally, if there turns up a genius student with a frightening potential in terms of Clan contribution, the Settlement Leader would up the student's grade from A to S.

An S-Grade student would receive a Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast egg. A Mammoth Clansmen that had fused with a Silver Grade Pranic Beast would become a master. It was not to mention the sheer increase in lifespan a Silver Grade Pranic Beast granted, allowing masters to live for many centuries.

Mandu was granted an Intermediate Iron Grade Pranic Beast. It implied that the Clan had no expectations of him. The fact that Instructor Mandu became a master was a show of his sheer talent.

He realised his talent on the day he became an elite, regretting his decision tremendously. Had he done his best, he would have become an S-Grade student.

Instead of a weak master, he would have been a true powerhouse and supported his Clan better. That was his regret and the reason he constantly urged the students to work their hardest.

But during the First Major Disaster, that regret would only envelop him fully, causing Instructor Mandu to curse himself nonstop as everyone dear to him dies.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 47: Inala Cries
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Having finished dinner, Inala inspected the stock of food in his storeroom. "There's enough for a week. I can't waste any more money on this since they would get spoilt."

He intended to constantly consume and replenish the stock to avoid the contents from going bad. Just before he was about to leave, Inala carefully buried the Storage Lantern in a vacant cavity. Since his house was located at the edge of the settlement, the floor here wasn't flat or even.

It was also very porous. There was a large pore at a corner where the slope curved, creating a space where the Storage Lantern could be placed safely. He covered the entrance with a mattress and placed a table on it.

'Even if a Zinger raids my house, it would leave after wiping my storeroom clean. It wouldn't bother to turn this place upside down.' He was paranoid because the nature of a Zinger was similar to a monkey.

You just couldn't guarantee their behaviour. Hence, he was taking so many steps to safeguard his treasure. The food in the storeroom was a ration if he were to hole himself in his house in the case of a strong Zinger horde attack.

The food also doubled as bait to distract the Zingers that enter his house. As they perform hit-and-run tactics, the Zingers would hurriedly loot the food and fly away. They weren't good at direct combat.

'As long as they obtain enough food, they'll be satisfied and wouldn't thrash my house.' Thinking as such, he looked around the house.

The place wasn't clean. There was dust covering the floor and objects, as if no one lived there. At first glance, the house seemed abandoned, the characteristic he wished to maintain. Only then would the Zinger Queen's egg be laid at such a location. That's why he worked hard to erase all traces of himself from the house.

Relieved upon seeing his work paying off, he closed the door gently and slipped into the night.

Even though Zingers weren't nocturnal, some still attacked in the night. The Zinger community was pretty developed with a strict social hierarchy. Oftentimes, there were Zingers banished from their colony.

Such Zingers would be deprived of food and would rabidly attack during the night. 'Best to be cautious.'

He pushed his trolley and dashed to the channel entrance forty metres away, calming his thumping heart once he was safe inside. He then travelled through the route told by Grehha, soon exiting a channel.

He stared in surprise, seeing the door to Grehha's house positioned two metres from the channel entrance, 'Damn! He's prepared.'

In the likelihood of his house getting raided by the Zingers, Grehha would be able to quickly run into the safety of the channel. Due to their nature, the Zingers wouldn't be entering such narrow spaces, allowing him to survive.

'He too is doing everything to survive in this world.' Inala knocked on the door, watching it open immediately.

"No one noticed your arrival, right?" Grehha peeked out and looked around.

"I made sure of that," Inala nodded and quickly entered the house. It was best to avoid news of their alliance reaching the reincarnates. Even the location of their homes was kept secret. This was to prevent clues of their plan from being found out.

After all, a glance at Inala's residence was enough for Grehha to figure out his goal—the Zinger Queen's egg.

At present, only Grehha and Instructor Mandu knew Inala's address. Inala had requested Instructor Mandu to not reveal his address to anyone else. If anyone wished to commission him a portrait, he'll do it in a public space far away from his home.

But of course, seeing that it was a good opportunity to network with elites from other settlements, Instructor Mandu intended his own residence to be put into use for that. This way, while Inala worked on the portraits, Instructor Mandu could host the guests and talk to them freely and possibly even strike up a friendship.

It was a win-win for both and hence Inala accepted it.

Grehha was even more secretive about his house. He positioned it right next to a channel. And the underground network of channels was complex with hundreds of nodes. Grehha used a different route daily as he moved between his home and the academy.

Moreover, he only visited the academy to obtain food and water while handing over Mud Viper eggs.

"I had to walk a long distance today," Grehha commented. Cages filled the living room from top to bottom, all furnished by the Clan. Sealed within were Mud Vipers, kept sedated while their mouths were harnessed, preventing them from shooting Mud Balls.

"I need eighty kilograms of the mud and a litre of the toxin," Inala asked.

"I don't have an issue with the mud, but it'll be hard to make that much toxin." Grehha said, "I still need a lot of them for my use, you know?"

"I'll make up for it two days later." Inala expressed his urgent need.

"Alright," Grehha nodded and began to control the Mud Vipers to shoot out Mud Balls. He stopped once the trolley was filled to the brim.

Grehha then casually walked to the first floor and returned thirty minutes later, having collected a litre of the toxin, "I had some of today's amount saved up."

"You have more than I expected," Inala said in praise upon seeing that there were still a couple of Mud Vipers with toxins in their venom sacs.

He used the Toxin Refinement Skill on them to make 20 millilitres of the Mud Viper Tonic.

"I'll deduct today's expenditure from your Mud Viper Tonic share," Grehha commented.

"That's fine by me." Inala sneaked back home and holed up in his room.

Using the Mystic Bone Art, he refined fragments of bone obtained from Instructor Mandu into a large photo frame, three metres long and two metres tall.

After making clay, he covered the frame with it, popping a handful of Parute Fruits in his mouth as he began to carve on it. His face became twisted as he could feel a lurching sensation in his chest, 'Think of that scene from Sumatra Chronicles, the climax of volume 1.'

It made him emotional when he read that part. And now, as a Mammoth Clansmen, it subconsciously affected him even further. As Inala wholeheartedly infused all his emotions into the carving process, he didn't even realise when it happened, but he was bawling in desperation, in sadness, feeling absolutely devastated.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 48: Lady Mother 43rd
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Morning, two days later. As it was time to head to the 43rd Settlement, Instructor Mandu arrived at Inala's house and knocked on the door. He shouted when the door opened, "What the fuck happened to your face?"

"I…succeeded, Instructor," Inala said. Swollen eyes, dark circles like a panda, and a parched face that seemed malnourished, signs that he had been crying for extended durations.

"Succeeded?" Instructor Mandu frowned, "In that…Imagination Art, you mean?"

"Yeah, I became like this due to its effects." Inala said while trembling, "I'm scared to present this."

"Can I see it?" Instructor Mandu asked, "The least I can do is beg for forgiveness on your behalf for wasting the 43rd Settlement Leader's time."

"It's not that, Instructor. I wouldn't be this worried if its effects were lacklustre." Inala excused himself and wore a new robe that he had bought just for this occasion. He slung a compact box-shaped bag filled with enough clay and working tools necessary for the commissions from the 43rd Settlement.

He then pointed at the wide object in the corner, "That's the Imagination Art."

Three metres long and two metre tall. The frame was made from bone, two centimetres thick. On it was a layer of clay, ten centimetres thick. The walls were made from bone to protect the edges of the clay from being damaged.

Finally, two thin slabs of bone covered the top, acting as sliding doors that masked the exhibit. Inala even added a lock on the doors. "The frame, two doors, and one lock, four Spirit Weapons in total, each for a purpose. I have my imprint on the lock and two doors. Please make an imprint on the frame, Instructor."

"Only you can carry the Imagination Art. It's too heavy for me." Inala said.

Instructor Mandu observed it and commented, "You still haven't answered my question. Can I see it?"

"Look at me, Instructor." Inala pointed at his face, "We'll run late if you become affected too."

"Alright, I'll trust you on this one." Instructor Mandu didn't comment after that, "I hope you don't misplace my positive opinion."

"Yes, of course." Inala bowed in response.

Instructor Mandu refined the frame of the Imagination Art, allowing him to carry it through psychokinesis. The duo quickly made way through a wide channel and arrived at the head region of the settlement.

In the herd, the 44th Empyrean Tusk was in the 22nd row, positioned left. To its right was the 43rd Empyrean Tusk. Currently, the two Empyrean Tusks were only 200 metres apart.

By moving so close, each settlement would only have to focus on defending one side.

For the 44th Settlement, they could reallocate eighty percent of their troops to their left. The remainder would be enough for their right side since that side faced the 43rd Empyrean Tusk.

Elites from both sides could assist each other. Moreover, the narrow gap made the Zingers hesitant to attack the region. It was a strategic move.

The herd had formations in place for various dangerous terrains.

Instructor Mandu arrived at a building on the right side of the head region. It was a flat terrace. The edges were grilled.

"Come here." Instructor Mandu said to Inala and stood on the flat terrace. He then bowed towards an old man seated nearby.

The old man glanced at the item in his hand and nodded. A moment later, walls crept onto the terrace, creating a room where even the ceiling appeared.

Followed by a rumble, the terrace—that had become a room—moved in the sky and slowly made its way towards the 43rd Settlement like a horizontal lift.

The entire room was the old man's Spirit Weapon, allowing him to control it. And the distance was well within his range. This was how goods and information were safely interchanged between the various Settlements.

A minute later, the walls of the room collapsed as Inala looked around and noticed that he was on the 43rd Settlement now.

An elite approached Instructor Mandu and discussed.

"It's nearby. Follow me." Instructor Mandu said and brought Inala to a nearby house that had a large hall. To avoid causing a rash to the 43rd Empyrean Tusk, they dared not venture deeper into the settlement.

Hence, all transactions were conducted at the border.

"They're inside." The elite spoke nervously as he pointed at the entrance, "Proceed inside."

"It's on you, Inala." Instructor Mandu whispered as he cautiously dragged Inala into the room, "Be absolutely respectful."

The room spanned a length of thirty metres and a breadth of twenty-five metres. Two chairs were placed at one end.

Ten people stood behind the pair of chairs respectfully. Half of them were at the Spirit Stage while the remainder were at the Body Stage. But even those at the Spirit Stage brimmed with Prana. And by the pressure they exuded, Inala felt they were either at the peak or were working on entering the Body Stage.

The room was barren. A glowing gem was embedded in the ceiling and was the sole source of illumination in the room. Thankfully, it was bright enough.

Inala's attention finally fell on the couple seated on the pair of chairs, a man and a woman, both seemingly in their twenties based on appearance. But the suffocating stench of blood emanating from them said otherwise.

'They have killed enough for their auras to become tangible and paint a mental image of blood and slaughter.' Inala prostrated on the floor, "I greet the 43rd Settlement Leader and Lady Mother."

The Settlement Leader was generally the oldest and strongest in the Settlement, hence his title. His wife would bear the title of Lady Mother. After all, if she was alive long enough whole being the Settlement Leader's wife, not only would she be a master and wield significant strength, but would have also given birth to dozens of children that stood above their peers.

The head of the Mammoth Clan was taken up by a male, but his role was primarily being in charge of the respective Empyrean Tusk, its position in the herd, coming up with defence plans based on the territory the herd was about to enter, and deciding on the Pranic Beast to be granted to the students.

The actual one in power was the Lady Mother, in charge of all logistics, from wealth and resource allocation to even job postings of the elites. Even the housing of an elite and even a master was decided by her.

Moreover, as Mammoth Clansmen children were generally groomed to revere their mothers and spend most of their childhood with her, barely meeting their fathers, all mothers had an iron grip on their children and were gung-ho about their developmental affairs.

And as the mother that had birthed geniuses and nurtured them to become pillars of the clan, she was behind raising the core strength that safeguarded the sovereignty of the Settlement. Hence, the title Lady Mother.

"You have brought about beneficial changes in my daughter." Right as Inala prostrated on the floor, a gentle voice resounded. But the sound was only gentle to hear. In reality, Inala felt all strength leaving his body, unable to even nod, forced to passively hear whatever the Lady Mother had to say, "It seemed interesting. So, I summoned you here."

"Now, why don't we discuss your findings?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 49: Imagination Art—Defeat
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'Lady Mother of the 43rd Settlement, Zahaella. She's a troublesome woman.' Inala thought. He recalled her appearances in Sumatra Chronicles, a cold-blooded woman famed for her viciousness, even amongst Mammoth Clansmen.

A year after the First Major Disaster, when the Mammoth Clan enters a kingdom to trade, a minister offends her. Zahaella schemes against the minister in such a way that even after his entire family was slaughtered, with the heads of everyone raised on spiked poles and kept on display on the streets, the King had to personally ask for forgiveness.

The number of Mammoth Clansmen were few but each were strong. At the same cultivation level, a Mammoth Clansmen can take on five other cultivators and emerge victorious. This difference was further extreme among masters.

The Mystic Bone Art was the best in Sumatra Continent, at the pinnacle in terms of cultivation efficiency. Adding onto the Empyrean Tusk that gave Mammoth Clansmen all resources they desired, as long as a Mammoth Clansman had enough talent, he could grow strong.

Conversely, a cultivator in a human kingdom wasn't so fortunate. Not only do they possess inferior cultivation techniques, most of the time, they wouldn't even have access to the optimal resources, oftentimes having to subsist with similar materials.

That and the fact that they have to build their Spirit Vessel on their own was a challenge. For a Mammoth Clansman, once they fuse their hundred Spirit Containers into one and enter the Body Stage, they need to fuse with a Pranic Beast egg, and bam, they'll stabilise their cultivation and could accumulate strength Immediately after.

This wasn't the case with a normal cultivator that had to painstakingly infuse properties of various minerals into their Spirit Container and hopefully stabilise it after a lot of problems. The success rate was minimal.

That's why, despite having cultivators in the tens to hundreds of millions per kingdom, the number of cultivators that reached the body stage only numbered in the thousands. Masters were even fewer.

The amount of Prana they possessed was minimal. Their lifespans too were short and numbered. Adding everything, an average cultivator paled in comparison to a Mammoth Clansman.

When the minister's family was singlehandedly slaughtered by Zahaella, the King was furious. But even he was defeated by her and had to beg for forgiveness. Of course, Zahaella looted the kingdom's royal coffers and also purchased enough slaves to make up numbers for the newly added 44th Empyrean Tusk.

The slaves were used as fuel by the twenty-something Mammoth Clansmen survivors in the new 44th Settlement to birth newborns. And under the influence of the 44th Empyrean Tusk, the newborns were all born as Mammoth Clansmen.

The slaves were disposed of shortly after, since they had served their use. It was pretty vicious, but that was the norm here. 'And I definitely cannot displease her.'

Unlike Bora Tusk, the 44th Settlement Leader, Yahard Tusk, the 43rd Settlement Leader was a reasonable man. As long as Inala appealed to his curious nature, he'll help shield Inala from Zahaella's schemes.

"Now, why don't we discuss your findings?" At Zahaella's words, Inala remained in his prostrated pose.

Seeing that he remained respectful, Yahard Tusk gently nudged his wife, causing her to retract her Prana. Once the formless energy vanished, Inala was able to move once again. He stared up and nodded respectfully, "It's an honour to contribute to the Clan."

"Even if we're from different Settlements?" Zahaella asked, expressing no intention behind her words. But it was a test. She was judging Inala's worth.

"That doesn't matter." Inala said in confidence, "If the Clan benefits, my Settlement would naturally gain from it. In that regard, I intend to become useful to my Clan."

With the first statement, he expressed his broadminded perspective, focusing on the big picture—the Mammoth Clan. His second statement meant that he didn't stint on his Settlement in favour of the big picture. Finally, he expressed the desire of every Mammoth Clansmen—to become useful to the Clan.

'For a student his age, he's focused.' Yahard Tusk sported a mild smile, 'Well, that is natural for a Death Row student. Only then can he survive his death sentence.'

Upon seeing her husband's opinion of Inala improve, Zahaella calmly brought Luttrena forward and asked, "What do you think of my daughter?"

"I'm envious of her talent and contribution." Inala expressed honestly. It wasn't his honest thoughts. He was just expressing them as if they were his honest thoughts.

'That's it?' Zahaella calmly eyed Luttrena, observing no fluctuation in her facial expression. Her thoughts were completely masked as her eyes trailed towards Instructor Mandu and settled on the object he was carrying, "Explain about it."

"Yes," Inala nodded and motioned for Instructor Mandu to carefully place it on the floor, facing the crowd. He didn't open it prematurely and instead gave a curt explanation, unwilling to offend the masters with a long-winded explanation and waste their time, "It's an art piece that a mere glance of will affect your emotions. This one, in particular, would probably cause you to kill me. It's that offensive."

"It might rile up enough emotions to make anyone in the Spirit Stage lose their Prana as their Spirit Containers break." He bowed lightly, "That's the end of my explanation. Please brace yourselves."

"What is it called?" Yahard Tusk didn't seem to mind the explanation. Rather, he had observed Inala's shabby appearance to judge the piece's effectiveness.

Inala slowly opened the doors, revealing the inscription inside. He hadn't even finished opening it when Prana gushed into the doors, destroyed his imprint, and took control. The doors closed shut in an instant as the Imagination Art flew towards Yahard Tusk.

Dense killing intent filled the room, enough to make everyone faint from the sheer bloodthirstiness in the pressure.

"Yahard!" Zahaella bellowed, emitting her Prana in warning, calming down an agitated Yahard. The nature of her Prana turned gentle and shielded everyone in the room that had fainted, healing them as she watched them get up one after another.

"I apologise." Yahard sighed as he observed Inala regain consciousness after five seconds had passed, clapping in praise, "That was incredibly offensive."

He laughed casually, "If not for my wife, I indeed would have killed you."

"You're brave, kid."

The reason was simple. The Imagination Art pretty much touched the reverse scale of every Mammoth Clansmen. It was a simple image, one displaying the scene of an Empyrean Tusk crying as it fell to the side, overwhelmed by Zingers. Headless Mammoth Clansmen stood on its collapsing body while their heads were carried by the Zingers as they did with their Prana Bombs.

What triggered them the most was the Empyrean Tusk shedding tears at the death of its immune system—Mammoth Clansmen—as it was overpowered by the enemy, falling to its death. That was the scene depicted on the carving, of an Empyrean Tusk's defeat, something incomprehensible and unimaginable to the Mammoth Clansmen.

Imagination Art—Defeat!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 50: Striking a Deal
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

An Empyrean Tusk was every Mammoth Clansman's spiritual pillar, the deity of their worship, one they treated more sacred and beloved than their family. They depended on the Empyrean Tusk for survival, from food to cultivation resources.

Moreover, the settlements were their haven, allowing them to survive in a treacherous world. Bear note that Sumatra Continent wasn't dominated by human cultivators but by Pranic Beasts. Humanity only occupied a small area, littered like dots across the vast expanse of earth.

A human kingdom getting wiped out by Pranic Beasts overnight wasn't anything uncommon. It frequently occurred. The survivors fled the region and gave enough births to hopefully offset the damage with numbers and erect a piece of land for themselves once again.

They would lose everything they had accumulated and would have to start from scratch. Lacking basic necessities to live, the climate unforgiving, their previous cultivation techniques rendered redundant by the lack of necessary resources, etc.

Bearing everything, they would rebuild a kingdom and probably experience a few decades of stability, only to be overrun by a Pranic Beast swarm. They would have to be blessed with luck to chance upon a danger-minimal region with enough stability for the kingdom to eventually grow into an empire.

Only then can it sustain enough stability to accumulate enough power and deter local Pranic Beasts. And even then, it wasn't guaranteed. There were migratory Pranic Beasts like the Empyrean Tusks that had century-long routes.

When such Pranic Beast herds passed through the region, the empire might be reduced to a kingdom or even to ruin. The lives of such cultivators were akin to homeless dogs.

In comparison, Mammoth Clansmen lived like kings, despite their high death rate. Not once was a settlement completely annihilated. This was only made possible by the Empyrean Tusk's protection.

The Mammoth Clan had a history spanning thousands of years. Therefore, their beliefs were deeply rooted. Empyrean Tusks were sacred and couldn't be tampered upon, whether physically, verbally, or even by imagination. And before the eyes of such Clansmen, the Imagination Art of Defeat was displayed, showing the death of an Empyrean Tusk.

Inala was practically courting death. Had he shown this to Bora Tusk, his head would have been flying long ago. Only because it was Yahard Tusk could he take this risk.

"What is the thought that went behind this?" Yahard asked after calming down. He stared at Inala in a new light. The Imagination Art was absolutely offensive, but it did what Inala said. Rather, it was more effective than had been stated. Seeing a couple of his children lose all their accumulated Prana, he understood its potency.

"Imagination Art is a material meant to train our mind to keep our emotions in check, no matter the cause." Inala explained, "As someone with the Fragment Disease, my Spirit Containers break every time I get emotional. In a perilous situation, I am mentally affected. There is no way around it."

He stared at Yahard and bowed, "Only elites and masters that have been in such situations hundreds to thousands of times would be able to control their emotions. But how many times must we lose our hard-accumulated Prana before grasping this?"

"When I thought of the losses borne by our Clan, I conceptualised Imagination Art." He concluded.

"Why did you make this precisely?" Zahaella asked, focusing on his expression. "You could have made something else to showcase your skill."

"If I can control my emotions and not lose Prana even after seeing that, then no matter what Sumatra Continent throws my way, I would be able to handle it," Inala said. "That was my sole thought behind creating this piece."

"It is as you say." Yahard calmly clenched his hand into a fist, instantly crumpling the art piece into a tiny sphere, "But, let's not go this far, alright?"

"We don't want the students to lose all their Prana." He said in the tone of a senior educating a junior.

"I overstepped my bounds." Inala prostrated on the ground, "Please punish my acts."

"We'll relay you a set of instructions for the type of Imagination Art we desire on our Academy walls." Zahaella flicked her hand, motioning for Inala to leave, "You'll do well to make them perfect."

"It's my honour to be of use to the Clan," Inala announced as he was escorted out.

"You said he approached you at the end of the fair, right?" Once Inala left, Zahaella addressed Luttrena, "Why were you in an emotionally disturbed state?"

"That…" Luttrena intended to hide her embarrassing actions, but unable to endure her mother's calm glare, she blurted out everything.

"Virala, huh?" Zahaella calmly patted the armrest and asked after a few seconds of silence, "Do you want him?"

"I don't." Luttrena shook her head, "He already has a woman. I'm not lowly enough to fight for someone like that."

"Spineless weakling," Zahaella snorted, "Just kill that girl and make him your toy. A mere Death Row orphan, he should thank his fortune to gain your favour."

"I don't want Virala. He's trash." Luttrena's voice turned meek, afraid to receive her mother's gaze. 'She's angry! Shit!'

"What about Inala, then?" Yahard interjected, "He has the Fragment Disease, but his temperament is great. He has cried enough the past two days to dry out his tear glands but his Spirit Containers remain stable. That's not easy to achieve."

"I can judge that he has trained in shattering and rebuilding his Spirit Containers extensively." Yahard concluded, "Though weak and without a bright future, he has exceptional qualities that will be passed down. His children will undoubtedly become powerhouses."

"That's a high evaluation," Zahaella spoke but didn't counter any of his comments, offering her subtle acknowledgement. She glared at Luttrena, "You heard your father. So, why didn't you make him yours? The fair presented a good opportunity."

"I…" Luttrena hesitated.

"Mother, can I do it instead of her?" A girl nearby Luttrena expressed willingness, "I'm interested in his talent. Let me take charge of our transaction with him. Give me a few days and I'll also bear his child."

"Asaeya, you!" Luttrena glared at her sibling, "Don't interfere in my business!"

Zahaella raised her hand and motioned for Luttrena to shut up. Her glance revealed her disappointment in her daughter failing to capitalise on her status. She had already investigated Virala, 'He too is a talent. If she doesn't even realise that, she's useless.'

"Try not to disappoint me." Zahaella didn't even spare a glance at Asaeya while addressing her, "There are some good seeds in the 44th Settlement this time. Create opportunities for your sisters too."

"Leave it to me, mother." Asaeya nodded, thinking in seriousness, 'Inala, huh? His eyes are just my type. Maybe I'll seriously pursue him.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 51: Granny Oyo Chides Ruvva
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"That was a spectacular victory, I must say." Instructor Mandu commented once they landed on their Settlement. He stared at Inala and whispered, "You were right about that Imagination Art. All I had was a mere glance and even that almost destabilised my Spirit Container."

"I…survived." Inala gasped as he landed on his Settlement, relieved as he broke out in cold sweat, "They were scary. Too Scary!"

"I get what you're saying. Even as a master, I was overwhelmed by their aura." Instructor Mandu stared at the goosebumps that had formed on his skin, "The Settlement Leader and Lady Mother were on a whole other level."

The duo entered a channel and made their way to Inala's house. Once Inala entered his house, Instructor Mandu bode his farewell, "It will take a couple of days before the orders start coming in. Get some rest and prepare as much clay as possible. I had to push back the portrait orders because of this event."

"I'll be ready," Inala bowed in gratitude, "It's only thanks to you that I can contribute to the Clan."

"Don't mention it," Instructor Mandu waved casually and walked away, "Continue working hard and increase your contribution to the Clan."

Inala closed the door and slumped on the floor in the living room, exhausted. After resting for an hour, he got up and began to cultivate, 'I wouldn't have to worry about Parute Fruits. I obtained a wealthy client this time. Each order would easily net me hundreds of Parute. I'll reach my goal without issues.'

"That means…" He grinned and began training, "I should become as strong and sturdy as possible. Isn't that right, Gannala?"

Two soft slaps resounded outside. For others, the sounds served as a distraction. But to him, it was encouragement. Humans were social creatures. Inala too was no different. And the only reason he became a shut-in in his past life was due to his disappointment towards society.

Even here, he was still alone. He didn't have anyone to have his back, as he was an orphan. No one in the Academy wished to befriend a Death Row Student. After all, not anyone thought he would survive his death sentence.

They didn't wish to get attached emotionally to someone like that. That was why no student approached him.

The seven colours among the Death Row students were competitors. They couldn't become friends. At present, Inala and Grehha had allied, but that was only until the First Major Disaster.

Their goals were aligned until then. But there lay more treasures beyond that, one set per each. It meant, as long as they cultivated, Grehha and Inala would return to being competitors and even enemies.

Considering such a person as a friend wasn't possible. Being unable to confide in someone indeed made him lonely. And in a setting where death stared down on him daily, it made him feel like an abandoned child in darkness, without any support in sight.

In that situation, Gannala had his back. The 44th Empyrean Tusk was aware of his origin, his thoughts, and his worries. Despite everything, she supported him, silently acknowledging his efforts.

She spurred him to work harder and encouraged him. Every crisp tail slap was to intimidate the enemy. But all the gentler slaps were directed at him as encouragement.

There were no words exchanged between the two, but they could converse. Whatever Inala thought was read by Gannala. And she replied by varying the intensity of her tail slap. After hearing it enough times, Inala was beginning to understand the emotional intent behind each.

Being alone would eventually make him mad, especially since his home was in a corner of the settlement, devoid of any human interaction. That was why, he talked to Gannala nonstop. He felt he would be able to stay sane that way.

Inala couldn't say whether or not he considered Gannala a friend, but the Empyrean Tusk was someone he considered valuable on an emotional basis. He had already formed an attachment to her.

Even though it was bad, considering she was old and would die in the future, he didn't care. "I'll do my best to ensure you survive the First Major Disaster."

…

"Ruvva, where is Master?" Virala was confused, "I didn't see her for the past two days."

"I'm not sure. Let me check her room." Saying so, Ruvva climbed down the stairs of their house and arrived at a node. Four channels spread out from there, each leading into a housing area where Granny Oyo's children and grandchildren lived.

Ruvva's parents, unfortunately, died long ago. Hence, she had been living with her grandmother all along. She turned and entered a channel that led to her grandmother's secret house. It was where Granny Oyo refined various medicine for the Clan.

She arrived before the door and knocked on it, "Grandma, are you inside?"

"What happened, Ruvva?" Granny Oyo's voice came from within, "I'm busy."

"I was just worried." Ruvva said and turned the doorknob, saying after noticing that it was locked, "Can I come inside?"

"Sure," Granny Oyo's voice resounded softly as the door opened.

Ruvva entered the house, which was pretty much a room. It was shaped like a cube, with the length of the sides spanning thirty metres. The walls were covered with shelves, stored to the brim with all sorts of vials.

In the centre of the room stood a massive Pranic Beast that was shaped like a chameleon, but on its back stood a vat, slightly tilted towards the front. Intense heat billowed within the vat, like tongues of flame.

There were swirling regions of hot and cold within, the pressure varying as the Pranic Beast desired. The variations caused multiple extracts of the substances to flow out and react in a certain way, transforming into tonics.

Pranic Beast—Pitcher Salamander!

"Amazing!" Ruvva muttered in a daze.

A couple of hours later, the process concluded as a stream of liquid flowed out of the vat, spread into hundreds of streams, and entered tiny vials each. Following that, the Pranic Beast vanished after a burst of Prana; Granny Oyo stood in its place.

With a thought from her, a dress flew towards her; she calmly wore it and stared at Ruvva, "How's your relationship with Virala?"

"It's going good." Ruvva nodded, "I wish to wholeheartedly support him…"

"Don't be stupid," Granny Oyo uttered coldly, "A valueless woman would be used and discarded mercilessly."

"V-Virala isn't like that," Ruvva argued.

"Maybe, maybe not. But," Granny Oyo snorted, "Don't be someone that would allow him to entertain such thoughts."

"Virala is significantly more talented than you. He's absorbing whatever I teach him at a rate dozens of times faster than you." Granny Oyo commented, "As long as he doesn't die a premature death, he'll become a master. But what about you? Even with my support, you'll barely reach the peak of the Body Stage."

"He'll feel you're inferior. And if he chooses to go with another woman, you won't even have enough strength or authority to keep him in check."

"Then, what must I do?" Ruvva cried, "I truly love him."

"It's simple," Granny Oyo grinned cunningly, "I'll impart you a certain Skill."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 52: Primary Extortion Skill
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"W-W-What is this monstrous Skill?" Ruvva was stunned as she collated the details of the Skill in her mind. The Bone Slip she gained the Skill from turned into dust and sprinkled on the floor.

"Would I really need something like this?" Ruvva shrieked in a fluster.

"Do you think you're a better judge of character than me?" Granny Oyo glared, "Foolish brat, don't you understand why I am giving you such a Skill?"

"I do, but this feels…diabolical." Ruvva felt dejected, "Using this on someone I love is…"

"Virala isn't someone simple. You can even say he's…dangerous." Granny Oyo expressed her thoughts.

"If he's like that, then why did you accept him as your disciple?" Ruvva asked, "Just because I love him isn't a reason enough to move your heart, right?"

"You're right," Granny Oyo nodded, "Even if he becomes your husband, I could care less. My Skills are too valuable to be passed down to just the lover of one of my countless grandkids."

"If you put it that way, I truly feel insignificant." Ruvva was depressed.

"That's the truth," Granny Oyo said without a change in expression, "I have fourteen children. Every one of them has at least six kids. Even after many deaths, the number of my relations is still significant. Two sons and three daughters. That's how many of my children died a month ago."

"I didn't even shed a tear for them." She stared at Ruvva calmly, causing the latter to shudder.

It made Ruvva realise the truth, shattering her delusion, 'Grandma is only allowing me to stay with her to relieve her boredom. She could care less if I died.'

A glance at Granny Oyo's unflinching expression even after recounting the death of five of her children, Ruvva was shocked. Only then did he understand that the woman before her was a monster that had been alive for more than a century.

As someone affected by the Fragment Disease, she started her life as a Death Row student. The amount of things she had to endure to survive until now was incomparable. She had slaughtered her way through countless Pranic Beasts to suppress her disease and try to find a cure.

Along the way, she lost her humanity. To her, having another child was merely a way to experiment with another method to suppress her disease. She was a maniac, her only desire other than becoming strong was to cure her disease.

For that reality, anything was fair game. If Ruvva didn't give Granny Oyo any entertainment value, she would be abandoned without hesitation.

A student without a backing; even if she were to become an Elite, it was just a matter of time before a Pranic Beast chomps upon her head. Realisation struck her hard, shattering the net of safety Ruvva had been wrapped under.

It forced her to think using all her wits, for the first time in her life focused on survival. Surprisingly, she was able to think and conclude most of Granny Oyo's intentions, feeling her mind functioning unrestricted.

'See, you can do it if you try.' Granny Oyo smiled internally. She was originally pissed about the damsel-in-distress aura Ruvva was exhibiting. 'Now, she's gradually becoming a proper Mammoth Clansmen.'

"Does Virala have enough potential to contribute immensely to the Clan?" Ruvva asked upon consolidating her thoughts. "What are the benefits and risks?"

"Let's see," Granny Oyo trailed off before speaking softly, "He's a variable that might show us a way out of certain doom. That's the benefit."

"And what is the risk?" Ruvva asked.

"He can result in our doom." Granny Oyo laughed, "He's an insanely high-risk high-reward case."

"So, the Skill you gave me is to combat that high-risk scenario, right?" Ruvva could finally make sense of Granny Oyo's thought process.

"Pretty much," Granny Oyo nodded, "Then, you know what to do next, right?"

"Yes, I'll wrap my fingers firmly around him. I'll be the only woman he ever thinks about." Ruvva nodded, "I'll succeed, no matter what."

"That's good." Granny Oyo nodded and threw her a Bone Slip, "In it contains the knowledge I gathered about taming a guy. It's a compilation from countless women from our Clan."

"We had something like this?" Ruvva was shocked as she absorbed all the knowledge, "Why is this even a thing?"

"Why do you think?" Granny Oyo snorted, "We're a merchant Clan. We visit various kingdoms all the time. And plenty of women in these kingdoms are gorgeous beauties."

"We Mammoth Clansmen value battle strength above all. So, even our women are robust looking. But, that's not the case in those kingdoms on the ground." She huffed in disdain, "There are women there that go their entire lives prettying themselves up. Even their Cultivation Techniques are geared to make them more alluring to a man."

"For those women, bagging a Mammoth Clansman is a sign of victory." She stared, her eyes cold, "Oftentimes, they succeed, since they are trained to charm men. Of course, once those women board our Settlement, we'll kill them using the various opportunities present. But it's still annoying to lose our men to some weak trash."

"So, that resulted in the birth of these techniques." Ruvva nodded, "We're basically brainwashing our men into worshipping us as the perfect wives, huh?"

"It's not guaranteed to work." Granny Oyo nodded, "After all, it's not a Skill but merely a collection of mind games."

"I'm not talking about that," Ruvva said and stared at the bone powder on the floor, "I'm talking about the Primary Extortion Skill, grandma."

"How…did you create such a diabolical Skill?"

'I extracted a lot of information from a certain reincarnate that inspired me to create it.' Granny Oyo thought of Inala and smirked, 'He's truly a treasure trove of inspiration.'

"You don't need to know, Ruvva." Granny Oyo calmly tapped Ruvva's forehead, "I made sure you'll forget the Skill after using it once. Moreover, you'll be unable to divulge this information to anyone else. It also cannot be extracted from your memory by any cultivator, even by a master stronger than me."

"I understand," Ruvva bowed in response, "Virala was looking for you just now. What should I say to him?"

"I'll be in closed doors meditation for the next ten months." Granny Oyo said curtly, "I'm preparing to break through. I'll leave Virala to you, Ruvva. You can make use of the wealth I left in my house out there."

"This is my test to you." She said, "If you succeed, I'll consider nurturing you in seriousness. If all you did is squander my wealth…"

"I will successfully inherit your business." Ruvva's eyes turned cold and calculating, "And I'll make Virala submit to me."

"Be assured of it, grandma."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 53: Ruvva Takes Charge
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mystic Bone Art—Primary Extortion!

Ruvva and Virala joined bodies as she activated the Skill, feeling all Prana drain from her body and condense into a mysterious effect that flowed through the region where their bodies connected and entered Virala.

"I feel amazing!" Virala exclaimed in ecstasy, "What did you do, Ruvva?"

"It's a Skill I learnt from one of my aunts." Ruvva whispered in Virala's ears, "She said using the Skill takes the man to heaven. Have you reached there?"

"Yes…" Virala muttered weakly, 'Fuck! That was hot! How did this girl transform from a submissive starfish to such a hot succubus?'

Virala fainted upon climax. Ruvva calmly coiled her arm around him as her eyes glazed from pleasure turned cold. She felt a minor change in his body and thought, 'One down, 99 more to go.'

The Primary Extortion Skill used all of her Prana to transform into an effect that fused into Virala's first Spirit Container. It transformed the Spirit Container, but the changes couldn't be noticed by Virala. That was the nature of the Skill. It would be completed after all 100 Spirit Containers are affected.

Ruvva calmly got up and dressed, staring at the mirror nearby to observe the changes in her presence, 'Ever since I gained the Primary Extortion Skill, my mind became different. I feel awake and can see through basic schemes. I have become calculating. A mere Skill changed me completely. I'm no longer the old Ruvva.'

'Grandma is amazing!' She thought in praise, for Granny Oyo created such a revolutionary Skill. Her attention then fell upon the sleeping Virala, 'Now I can feel it clearly for myself.'

Her eyes turned even colder, 'This fucker doesn't love me in the slightest.'

Adjusting her clothes, Ruvva opened a drawer nearby and popped the contents of a vial in her mouth, recovering some Prana. She then arrived before a secure room that only Granny Oyo could enter.

Ruvva placed her hand on it and watched the door open. Granna Oyo already gave her Prana signature access to the room, allowing Ruvva to enter and leave as she pleased. She stared at the containers filled with Parute Fruits, a bunch of elixirs, and litres and litres of medicine, 'This is my test.'

'I need to achieve success using these resources.' Thinking as such, Ruvva consumed a bunch of Parute Fruits to build up her Prana values. She then began to train nonstop, strengthening her Spirit, "A strong Spirit foundation gives me enough potential to cultivate."

Spirit Stage was where one laid down the foundation for their potential. Body Stage was where they filled up the foundation and sculpted their strength. And it was in the Life Stage did a cultivator truly embark on their cultivation journey.

As she trained, employing her changed mindset, Ruvva went through her past, focusing her utmost attention on the First Minor Crisis. Only in Sumatra Chronicles was it labelled the First Minor Crisis.

That was solely because it was the first Minor Crisis in the book. In the Mammoth Clan records, that was merely recorded as a Minor Crisis, one of the many faced by the Clan. And as Ruvva focused on the records of the Minor Crisis, she thought of a few individuals that stood out from the rest.

'Resha, Blola, Grehha, and finally, Inala. All are Death Row students but survived in a situation where students vastly stronger and more talented than them had died to the Mud Vipers.' Ruvva relaxed her Prana, causing the rotating bone sphere nearby to fall to the floor. "Right, I haven't seen any of them in class recently, except Inala."

Ruvva quickly entered Virala's room and surfed through his drawer, picking up a bone slab. It was a controller through which the user could sense the locations of all the Spy Bone Fragments he had dispersed.

This was an item refined by Granny Oyo, something they used all the time on dangerous Pranic Beasts. That way, the moment the Pranic Beast came in range, they would be aware.

A cultivator would be able to sense the position of his Spirit Weapon as long as it was within range. Spy Bone Fragment was an extension of that. It was a quasi-Spirit Weapon. It couldn't be wielded like a Spirit Weapon. In exchange, its sensory range was enhanced, allowing the user to sense its position from kilometres away.

A Spy Bone Fragment was only the thickness of a strand of hair and barely a centimetre long. It had the property to stick to surfaces. And as Virala slipped one each to the clothes of the reincarnates, he could always monitor their locations.

By infusing his Prana into the bone slab, he was aware of the position of all the reincarnates. He had brought the controller with him to the fair. It was part of the goods in the trolley and it was Ruvva that had brought it back.

After all, the Spy Bone Fragments came as a set with the controllers. They were expensive to refine and the equipment had only been lent to Virala. Of course, the latter didn't have a use for it after the fair. Just like the reincarnates, he judged no use for it until the First Major Disaster started.

By then, the reincarnates would have purchased new clothes. So, it made sense to plot new Spy Bone Fragments after that. Hence, the equipment was lying abandoned.

Ruvva reclaimed it and infused her Prana into it, 'Virala was strangely antagonistic to his fellow Death Row students. Why is that? Now that I think about it, there's no explanation for his actions.'

She was stunned upon sensing the locations of the students, 'Inala is in the 43rd Settlement. How? I cannot sense Blola's location. Why? It seems he's not even in the settlement. Moreover, what is this?'

She shuddered, 'Why is Resha in the heart?'

Ruvva felt she might be mistaken and doubled on the location, 'There's no doubt. He's indeed in the heart!'

She hurried to her grandmother and banged the door, closing the door in a hurry to stare at Granny Oyo, ignoring her displeased look to state, "Look into this once."

Granny Oyo inserted her Prana into the controller and nodded, "I'm aware."

"He…" Ruvva panicked.

"As long as you don't reveal this information to anyone else, you won't be executed by the Settlement Leader." Granny Oyo said and crushed the controller, "If you can capitalise on this information, go ahead."

"…alright." Ruvva nodded.

"Don't disturb me anymore." Saying so, Granny Oyo shut the door and locked it, also adding multiple barriers to not be interrupted anymore.

'If she's aware, then Resha must be doing something amazing. Otherwise, how has he been granted entry to the heart?' Thinking as such, Ruvva recalled the locations of each reincarnate and made her way to the house of the nearest, 'Thankfully, Grehha's house is located right next to a channel entrance. I needn't fear an attack from the Zingers in that case.'

After travelling for some time, Ruvva approached Grehha's door and knocked on it, stunning the latter when he opened the door.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 54: Blola’s Path
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"We meet again, Grehha." Ruvva smiled when the door opened.

"I'm not Grehha." Saying so, Grehha shut the door loudly.

'That's rude.' Ruvva felt as such. But after some thought, she realised his behaviour was natural since Grehha considered her Virala's crony. 'When the Mud Vipers rushed in the shelter, he too protected me.'

She calmly knocked on the door, waiting patiently even as Grehha never responded. An hour passed, but the knocking continued. Ruvva knocked once every few seconds. And it seemed she had annoyed him enough as three hours later, a frustrated Grehha opened the door, "Why are you here?"

"I just wanted to talk." Ruvva tilted her head cutely, "How are you?"

'This fucking woman!' Grehha barely controlled himself from turning Ruvva into Mud Viper food. He spoke coldly, "Please leave, I'm busy. I don't have time to chitchat."

"Virala doesn't know I'm here." Ruvva smiled brightly. Of course, her eyes were emotionless, creeping Grehha, "So, let's talk inside, alright? Unless you want me to return and embrace Virala while crying about your rudeness?"

She was basically threatening to expose Grehha's location to Virala if he didn't talk to her.

"Sure, go ahead." Saying so, Grehha shut the door.

"I came here to purchase Mud Viper eggs from you." Ruvva didn't seem to mind her treatment as she continued, "I'll buy fifteen eggs from you daily."

The door opened as Grehha sported a merchant-like attitude, rubbing his palms together as he invited Ruvva in, "Please come inside, Lady Ruvva."

"Why didn't you say you were a customer?"

His abrupt behaviour change stunned her, even when she came prepared. Ruvva entered the living room and flinched under the stares of dozens of Mud Vipers.

"How many eggs do you need?" Grehha asked, ready to make the calculations, "And what is the purpose of your purchase?"

"Purpose?" Ruvva frowned, "Why do you need that?"

"I have to submit a report to the Clan daily in regards to the number of purchases and the people that purchased from me, including what they use the eggs for." Grehha said, "It's to avoid a wastage of valuable Clan resources."

"Then, I'll only purchase the eggs that aren't sold." Ruvva said, "That way, I'm only using the resources that might go to waste. I'll pay the market price for them. As for the purpose, put it down as experimentation."

"I have around eight unsold eggs from today's batch." Grehha said, "Based on the sales, I'll have anywhere from three to ten unsold daily."

"I'll take them all." Ruvva nodded.

"Alright," Grehha pulled out a contract and added in a couple of details, giving it to Ruvva, "Sign here. I'll notarise it using Instructor Mandu."

"I'm…prohibited from mentioning this deal to Virala?" Ruvva frowned at the clause. After a moment, she casually signed it, "That's fine by me."

There were a few more clauses, all regarding Virala, ensuring nothing of this transaction could be found out by him. There was also a fine imposed otherwise.

The fine amount ensured Grehha would have obtained enough resources from Ruvva to succeed in his plan. Even if Virala tries anything shady after finding out his house's location, Grehha wouldn't lose anything. Rather, things would only benefit him once he notarised it.

Moreover, even if Virala did something after that, he would be subject to legal action under Mammoth Clan law, thereby allowing Grehha to get rid of his strongest competitor without moving a muscle.

'This fine is his true goal. He's hoping that I reveal this transaction to Virala.' Ruvva didn't let her thoughts show on her face as she got up and shook hands with Grehha, "Here's to a fruitful cooperation."

Grehha frowned once Ruvva left, 'How the fuck did she come to know my location? Did Inala leak it? No, he has more to lose if he does. Did Instructor Mandu slip up? That doesn't seem likely either. He's absolutely strict about such things.'

"How did she find out then?" Grehha felt the urge to commit murder. But he controlled himself and looked around, smiling, "Whatever, it doesn't matter."

"I need plenty of resources for my project anyway." He thought, 'And through this deal, I can purchase lots of medicine from Ruvva.'

"Also," He muttered upon recalling Ruvva's figure, "She seems different from before. Judging by her expression, she probably had a falling out with Virala. That's good too. His actions might have hastened her awakening."

…

In a wide tunnel faintly lit by luminescent moss flowed a canal, only three metres in breadth. Seated on a boat and allowing the weak water currents to carry him was Blola.

The boat was a Spirit Weapon, created using a pile of bones he had purchased and moulded into the current structure by employing the Mystic Bone Art. For the past month, Blola had been preparing his escape from the 44th Settlement.

All his preparations were for that. Blola created a parachute with a turbine attached to the back. Using his Prana, he made the turbine generate wind, controlling his direction of motion once he jumped down from the Empyrean Tusk's trunk.

Once he landed next to the secret path in the Ennoudu Plains, Blola packed the parachute in his luggage, entered the path and began his refinement.

He converted all the materials used in the chute to create the boat, using up everything he had brought with him.

There was only two days' worth of ration on his being, fully consumed by now.

He was hungry, but Blola didn't panic. Instead, he calmly observed the tunnel, recalling the information from Sumatra Chronicles. Eventually, he came across a patch of moss that glowed vibrantly.

Blola parked the boat and used a bone knife to collect the moss. He popped a clump in his mouth and almost spat it out, "Disgusting."

But once the moss was chewed and swallowed, a warm feeling pervaded his being. Upon feeling that, Blola consumed the moss until his stomach was full. He sat on the ground and activated his Mystic Bone Art, gradually converting it into Prana, "As expected, this is indeed Spirit Moss."

Spirit Moss was a substance on par with an elixir. A Kilogram of it sold for 16,000 Parute. Upon consumption, Spirit Moss netted very little Prana. But the reason they were so exorbitantly priced was their nature to strengthen the Spirit Container.

This strengthening effect applied to all cultivators, whether in the Spirit Stage, Body Stage, or even the Life Stage. In Sumatra Chronicles, when the herd returned to the Ennoudu Plains for the second time, Resha chances upon this secret path.

By consuming this Spirit Moss, he becomes further overpowered. But that was when he was a master, with a voracious appetite for resources.

Blola was only at the Spirit Stage, "There's more Spirit Moss here than what I can consume. This is the perfect resource for my journey."

Once he had his fill, Blola fell asleep. The next day, he got up, consumed some more Spirit Moss and got onto his boat as he cultivated. There was Spirit Moss everywhere he stopped, so he wasn't worried.

"In six months, when I exit this tunnel, I'll have reached the peak of the Spirit Stage." Blola grinned confidently. "The others can fight amongst themselves for second place with Resha while I reign supreme."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 55: Imprint Acceptance Skill
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Gannala, you're experienced. You have also gone through all my memories." Inala said as he stared at a bunch of items before him that he had just purchased from the market, "Will my plan to obtain the Zinger Queen's power work?"

"Tap twice for a yes and thrice if something is missing." He focused on his ears, hearing three soft slaps, sighing as a result, "So, I'm still missing something."

Inala picked up a brush and began to write a list of items on paper, "I'll be writing the items slowly. Slap twice when I'm writing the missing item."

He was thankful to Grehha. After all, only through the latter did he find out the fact that the 44th Empyrean Tusk could access his memories and read his thoughts. Instead of being flustered by such a fact, Inala rejoiced instead.

After all, the moment he figured out the fact that Gannala supported his actions, he revealed the entirety of his plan to her. Following that, he relied upon her knowledge and experience to perfect his plans.

His only source of information was Sumatra Chronicles. By researching the novel, he derived a result. But, there was no guarantee that it would work. With the slightest variable, things might fail.

The variable could be as simple as a tiny amount of impurity in one of the resources he used. Therefore, it was best to raise the guarantee to a hundred percent.

Gannala served as a perfect database regarding that. An Empyrean Tusk lived for around two millennia. That was an overwhelming duration of life, a timespan in which the knowledge one could accumulate was ginormous.

And as the oldest in the herd, Gannala was the wisest and most experienced. She must have been through situations the other Empyrean Tusks in the herd weren't even aware of. Hence, by taking advantage of her experience, Inala could perfect his plan.

As he wrote down the list, Gannala notified him of the lacking materials. "I still lack three items, huh?"

"Spirit Enchantment Oriole, Humming Stalk, and a feminine Prana Signature." Inala focused on the last item and muttered, "But, don't I already have the last one?"

"Granny Oyo turned me into her Spirit Weapon. Her Prana Signature has been imprinted on my bones."

Slap! Slap! Slap!

Inala frowned at the response and made multiple conjectures, sighing when Gannala slapped in confirmation at one such conjecture, "You mean, I need to transfer her Prana Signature to my Spirit Container? Only then it will work?"

Slap! Slap!

"How do I achieve it?" Inala thought, drawing a blank, "I'm not strong enough to touch her imprint. Even if I use the Prana Domination Skill, my proficiency is lacking to succeed."

Suddenly, the walls of his house shook as faint dust billowed. As the dust fell, the gravity in the room morphed, causing them to move in certain directions as they approached the floor.

Once all the dust settled, Inala noticed a set of words had formed on the floor, "You're speaking to me, Gannala. I told you, right? This method works."

Gannala was using an idea he thought up to communicate with him. The fact that she listened to his suggestion expressed her support. It only made him happy as Inala read the words.

[My Son, Inala! You need to permeate Oyo's Prana Signature in your fused Spirit Container. With my support, you'll be able to overcome the gender restriction and gain the Zinger Queen's power. To achieve that, you need to activate the third part of the Puppetry Skill, seventh part of the Elixir Condensation Skill, final part of the Prana Domination Skill, fifth part of the Bone Slip Skill, first part of the Toxin Refinement Skill, third part of the Spirit Reinforcement Skill, first part of the Toxin Refinement Skill once again, and finally, second part of the Prana Domination Skill. Activate them all in order within three seconds, and you'll create the Imprint Acceptance Skill.]

"Imprint Acceptance Skill…" Inala nodded after a moment of thought, "Alright, I'll attempt it immediately."

Since Gannala couldn't communicate with him directly, she couldn't impart a Skill to him. Instead, she conceptualised the Skill by making a formula using parts of the Skills he knew. It was a genius move only possible for an Empyrean Tusk.

Inala only activated parts of the Skills as mentioned, taking more than an hour to finish a round of activation. He gasped at the end, feeling like he had been holding his breath all along.

After taking a breather and collating his experience, he attempted it a second time, finishing the process in under twenty minutes. By the tenth attempt, he did it under a minute.

Two days of nonstop practice later, Inala was able to bring it under three seconds, observing his Prana stir up in response. Some sections of the parts were naturally omitted by the Prana flow as nodes were created. These nodes joined together as the Mystic Bone Art fired up on its own, piecing them together.

The set of nodes wasn't the Skill. Rather, it was a mere catalyst. When this catalyst influenced the Mystic Bone Art, his Prana condensed into a technique. The catalyst caused words forming the Mystic Bone Art in his mind to leap around, like a typewriter imprinting the inked words on a piece of paper.

The words settled into becoming the Imprint Acceptance Skill. The whole process was inspirational, enlightening Inala, 'Mystic Bone Art is pretty much the alphabet. By activating only parts of the various Skills in my possession, the result I created influenced the Mystic Bone Art. The alphabets rained down in my mind and formed an essay that conceptualised the Imprint Acceptance Skill.'

"As long as I understand the logic behind this, I can experiment and create a bunch of Skills randomly. Maybe I'll even create a useful Skill down the line." Inala condensed his enlightenment, sensing it act as a catalyst for the Mystic Bone Art, deriving a peculiar Skill.

In response, Gannala's tail slapped multiple times, in excitement. Inala too was excited, for this was no different from a fortuitous encounter, "This is all thanks to you, Gannala. You enlightened me by teaching me the process for creating the Imprint Acceptance Skill."

"This changes everything!" Inala grinned in excitement as he observed the new Skill, one that would form the core of his strength, allowing him to conceptualise Skills based on his experience and derive the result from the Mystic Bone Art.

Without any hesitation, he fired up the new Skill by focusing on his experience in carving on mud slabs.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 56: Mystic Skill Creator
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mystic Bone Art—Mystic Skill Creator!

That was the name of the new Skill he gained thanks to the enlightenment provided by Gannala's actions. Mystic Skill Creator was a Skill that used one's experience as a catalyst to act upon the Mystic Bone Art.

As the Mystic Bone Art reacts to the experience, the created product would be a Skill that allows the user to execute what they performed—by memory before—as a Skill now. A few minutes later, a Skill was created as Inala laughed raucously, "This is hype!"

Mystic Bone Art—Sculptor!

The Skill of Sculptor allowed the user to wield four Spirit Weapons and sculpt the target.

When Inala sculpted a mud slab, he had to focus to control four Spirit Weapons simultaneously. This was only possible due to his experience as an artist in his previous life. As Inala had only trained his mind to multitask when performing art, he was limited to wielding four Spirit Weapons with such precision only during his carving sessions.

But now, once that became a Skill, he could apply it anywhere, even in battle. He could consider an enemy cultivator or Pranic Beast as the sculpting target. He would be able to wield four Spirit Weapons to attack the target on the same level as when he did art.

When the experience became a Skill, it freed up a lot of his brainpower. Moreover, it created flexibility, allowing Inala to apply his strengths to fields other than art.

The Skill of Mystic Skill Creator was overpowered. He could feel it clearly. "I don't have any other significant experiences that are enough to conceptualise another Skill, but that's only for now."

His lips almost reached his ears, unable to control his glee, "It's TRAINING TIME!"

If he trains in a field and accumulates enough experience, he could condense the experience into a Skill. That way, he could bridge the gap of talent.

Inala first focused on the Imprint Acceptance Skill, activating it as he felt Granny Oyo's imprint on his bones flinch in response.

In his original plan, Inala intended to use a Prana Bomb on a female cultivator and absorb all her Prana. Her Prana stored in the Prana Bomb would of course possess her Prana Signature. He planned to use it in his plan to break through the gender limit and obtain the Zinger Queen's power.

But after Granny Oyo turned him into her Spirit Weapon, he changed his plan. There was a stronger female cultivator's Prana Signature imprinted in his bones already. That raised his success rate by many times.

And now, things became even more easy thanks to the Imprint Acceptance Skill. As the Skill took effect, the imprint on his right hand's index finger bone flowed through his bloodstream and fused into his first Spirit Container.

The Imprint Acceptance Skill divided his skeletal structure into hundred parts, with each directed towards a Spirit Container. Inala would only complete the process after reaching the peak of the Spirit Stage.

"Inala, are you inside?" Instructor Mandu's voice resounded, followed by a couple of knocks on the door.

"Right, I forgot about this." Inala hurriedly changed his clothes and exited the house, greeting Instructor Mandu.

"One of the 43rd Settlement Leader's daughters has arrived to meet you." Instructor Mandu glanced at the box-shaped bag, "You have enough materials, right?"

"Of course," Inala nodded, "If the contents in my bag are used up, I can always bring more from my house."

"But that will not be necessary. I brought more than enough mud. There would be leftovers even if I work an entire day." He spoke.

Instructor Mandu gave a silent nod and brought Inala to the periphery of the settlement. There existed a guest room there. And seated behind a luxurious desk, drinking tea was Asaeya.

"I have brought Inala here as per your request." Instructor Mandu cupped his fists towards Asaeya in respect, "Please notify the guard stationed here for any of your requests."

"Thank you for your hospitality, Instructor." Asaeya cupped her fists in response.

"I have classes to conduct now." Instructor Mandu patted Inala, "I'll come by the evening to pick you up. Even after you're done with work, remain here. It's dangerous outside."

"The Zinger attacks have intensified."

Inala bowed as he watched Instructor Mandu exit. Now, Inala and Asaeya were alone in the guest room.

"I believe we haven't introduced ourselves." Asaeya cupped her fists and flashed a bright smile, "I'm Asaeya, the 16th daughter of the 43rd Settlement Leader, Yahard Tusk."

'She was there when I spoke to Yahard Tusk.' Inala thought as he observed her, 'Luttrena is Yahard Tusk's 14th daughter. She is a few months older than me. That means Asaeya is at least a couple of years younger than me.'

"I am Inala, a Death Row student and an orphan." Inala bowed respectfully, "It's my honour to meet a dignitary."

"You can drop the formality, you know." Asaeya quickly changed her attitude, speaking casually, "First of all, I'm younger than you. Secondly, I'm still a student. So, I don't have the right to wield my status yet. Just address me as Asaeya, alright?"

"Yes," Inala nodded. He never read about Asaeya in Sumatra Chronicles. She was merely Yahard Tusk's 16th daughter, sixteenth in line just among his daughters, not to mention the sons.

'The fact that I don't recall her name from Sumatra Chronicles means she either has no accomplishments or is one of the many deaths during the First Major Disaster.' Inala didn't express his thoughts and calmly set his bag on the floor.

He took a small, rectangular mud slab and stared at Asaeya, "Can you tell me the details of the Imagination Art you require?"

"Well, we need a large portrait piece." Asaeya detailed the dimensions. Two metres tall and a metre wide, "It needs to be about a Zinger with a close-up shot of its face, expressing cruelty. Everything else is at your discretion. Also, you need to layer the result with bone powder. I want it to have a smooth bony texture."

"That's pretty simple." Inala nodded and asked, "A lot of materials would be consumed, so the price would be…"

"280 Parute," Asaeya smiled, "That's how much I'm paying you."

'Fine by me. That's a lot of money.' He was getting all the raw materials for free anyway, thanks to the Clan's support. So, these 280 Parute would pretty much line neatly in his pocket.

Without wasting a moment, Inala got down to work. He first drew a rough diagram on the pocket-sized mud slab, jotting down all the details. Once he was satisfied, he used the mud to make a large slab, two metres tall and a metre wide.

Asaeya observed his actions with interest. But the moment Inala whipped out four Spirit Weapons, she was stunned.

Mystic Bone Art—Sculptor!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 57: Asaeya’s Death Sentence
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'A-Amazing!' Asaeya's eyes shone in fascination as she observed Inala's work, 'How is he controlling four Spirit Weapons with such precision? He doesn't even seem the least bothered about such a mental strain.'

Competition was cutthroat among her siblings. To gain valuable resources, they needed to contribute accordingly to the Clan. Only then were they considered worthy of being children of Yahard Tusk and Zahaella.

Best among their peers in terms of cultivation, a robust foundation capable of exceeding their limits and killing stronger Pranic Beasts, able to gather Clansmen under their banner, etc. All factors were evaluated before their potential was considered.

And the best among all would be nominated as Yahard Tusk's successor. In the successor race, whether it be Luttrena or Asaeya, they had no chance. After all, their oldest siblings had been alive for decades already, having been building up a force of their own all along.

Asaeya's eldest brother and sister had already entered the Life Stage. In comparison, she was merely a 12-year-old brat at the Spirit Stage. To at least make her parents acknowledge her existence, she would have to take on explosive measures.

That was why, the moment she noticed Luttrena's hesitation, Asaeya took charge of the business opportunity Inala presented.

And now, upon seeing his expertise, she grinned, 'I was right about him.'

Her eyes glinted as she stared at Inala, 'This guy is a gold mine in the making. And he'll all be mine!'

"How did you train to become so proficient?" Asaeya inched forward from behind his shoulder, casually observing the engraving forming on the mud slab. She didn't seem to have noticed her cheek touching his, behaving ignorant, "Can you teach me?"

"Don't disturb me, Asaeya," Inala spoke curtly. He extended his hand and tugged her arm, forcefully making her sit on the floor next to him, "You can watch my work. But I won't sell my livelihood."

'Did he just force me to sit on the floor?' Asaeya was stunned, having never been treated that way. She felt mildly pissed at his attitude towards her, 'This blockhead! Is my charm non-existent?'

In his mind, she was merely a child. So, her seduction attempt didn't even register in his senses.

While Asaeya faced an identity crisis, wondering if she were a woman or not, Inala continued to carve, 'It has become easier to sculpt once I got the Sculptor Skill. I can even set aside enough focus to ponder useless thoughts. Not only has my control become more precise, but I'm expending less than half the Prana as compared to before.'

Mentally, he was less strained while working on the project. And as his proficiency in the Sculptor Skill continues to increase, he'll become faster and faster while precisely controlling four Spirit Weapons.

Asaeya tried to talk to Inala, but upon only receiving curt replies, she decided to silently observe his work, 'I can learn a lot from his skill display. Besides, he must be focused to achieve such precise control. Let's not disturb him. I need this business to improve my standing in the family.'

Asaeya flared up her Mystic Bone Art as she watched Inala at work, trying to slowly apply his Prana fluctuations to her own. 'I feel an improvement in my Prana control already.'

'This girl…' Inala focused on her after an hour, noticing that Asaeya was in a trance. But judging based on the way her aura condensed, she seemed to have attained enlightenment, 'She's insanely talented, only inferior to Resha. Then, why wasn't she mentioned even once in Sumatra Chronicles? Even Luttrena was mentioned a bunch of times, despite having no effect on the plot.'

'Guess there's only one answer.' Inala calmly observed her Prana Fluctuation, 'At the age of twelve, she has accumulated 94 Prana. That's insane, considering how stable her Spirit Containers are. She was definitely killed by her siblings before she matured.'

Asaeya was there when Inala unveiled the Imagination Art of Defeat. She had witnessed it and didn't even lose a single unit of Prana. That meant her mind was robustly trained. Two of her older siblings, one at the Spirit Stage and the other at the Body Stage had been affected by the Imagination Art and lost most of their Prana.

Despite being the youngest at the scene, she was the least affected. Even Yahard Tusk became angry. In contrast, Asaeya's emotional fluctuation was subtle. That was a sheer display of talent. If she was allowed to mature, she would become a powerhouse and most definitely be nominated as the next Lady Mother.

'The successor race is vicious. One of her older sisters must have caused her death before she graduated from the Academy.' Inala thought and couldn't help but smile, 'Conversely, that means she's a valuable talent. If I get her to join my team, I'll have a better advantage against the reincarnates.'

Until now, only Virala among the reincarnates was actively forming a team of talent. It was because he had completed his preparations towards the cure and was waiting for the First Major Disaster to start to take action. All the others were still making preparations.

In such a situation, forming a team was only detrimental, because the team members will be targeted by the reincarnates before they matured. But the biggest reason was a lack of information.

Yes, even the reincarnates didn't know which student was talented or not. After all, the students were wiped out in the First Major Disaster. So, the reincarnates could only guess if someone would become strong or not. There was no guarantee.

This was the main reason the reincarnates refrained from forming a team. Why spend time and resources on someone that would die within a year?

But Asaeya was different. She was from the 43rd Settlement. Therefore, even if the other reincarnates find out about her, they couldn't do anything to her, not while she was in another settlement.

Therefore, it was the safest bet to make her part of his team. 'The only issue is her impending death. I need to do something about that. Which of her brother or sister is targeting her and how?'

By noon, Inala completed the Imagination Art. Originally, it would have taken him until evening. But the Sculptor Skill hastened the process. After he neatly packed the art piece, Inala stared at Asaeya, not interrupting her enlightenment session.

He waited patiently, cleaning up the room in the process.

Another hour later, Asaeya's eyes opened, brimming with vitality. She felt refreshed, having further progressed in her cultivation. She noticed Inala calmly staring at her, blushing in response, "How long were you watching?"

"I completed my work an hour ago. So," Inala flashed a thumbs up, "Since then."

"You could have alerted me." Asaeya pouted, hiding her embarrassment as she observed the Imagination Art, complimenting, "This is pretty effective. I would have screamed in fright if I had chanced upon it at night."

She patted it, "I'm satisfied with the result."

'She's satisfied?' Inala focused upon Asaeya's choice of words, quickly piecing things together, 'It means from the details of the commission to its price, everything was set by Asaeya. It seems Zahaella trusts her daughter enough to not interfere with her choice.'

Implying, Zahaella had expectations of Asaeya. It further meant that the sole authority in this business, from purchase to commission, was determined by Asaeya.

'If I can convince her, I can create extremely thought-provoking Imagination Art. By selling those, I'll be making a lot more money. And Zahaella's opinion of Asaeya would improve. I can kill two birds with one stone.' Inala was excited, 'And if I raise the Clan's evaluation of her enough, once Asaeya reaches the Body Stage, the Clan would grant her an Advanced or even an Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast egg.'

'There's one that comes to mind.' He thought, 'If Asaeya obtains that, she'll become my strongest ally.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 58: Grim Knell
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the treasury of every Settlement exists a few Pranic Beast eggs, precious, waiting for their owners.

An S-Grade Student from the Academy of Refinement is granted a Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast egg. That was the limit to the Grade of Pranic Beast egg a student without a background could obtain.

But there of course existed eggs superior to them, obtained by the Clan after significant risks. These eggs were contested for by the masters.

The successor of a master would gain eligibility to an Intermediate Silver Grade Pranic Beast. The key point here was eligibility. There exist dozens of masters in a Settlement.

The successors of all masters would become eligible. Thereby, depending on the availability of Intermediate Silver Grade Pranic Beast eggs, the successors will have to fight for the limited numbers.

The successors that failed to get one would have to settle for a Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast egg. A student was named a successor only after obtaining an S-Grade evaluation at the Academy of Refinement. So, they were eligible to obtain it either way.

It was after this did things get messy. In the 43rd Settlement, any of Yahard Tusk's children that proved themselves would receive an Advanced Silver Grade Pranic Beast egg. To prove themselves, they'll have to check various requirements as posed by the Clan.

Usually, these children served as the Settlement's core strength, for not only would they possess the greatest amount of strength and Prana, but their lifespan was also the longest. After the successor takes up the Settlement Leader seat, the remainder would take up seats at the Clan's Guardians.

Beyond this, there might exist an egg, protected with utmost secrecy. It would be a priceless egg that hadn't been used only because no cultivator displayed enough potential.

Every Settlement had one. And the 43rd Settlement kept securely an egg that was one of the best in the entire herd.

Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast Egg—Grim Knell!

Grim Knell wasn't on the level of a regular Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast. No, it was a Mutated Pranic Beast, a mutant version of the Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Death Knell.

All Mutated Pranic Beasts possessed two Natures—Primary, and Secondary. The Grim Knell was no different. Fusing with it would grant the cultivator two Natures. That would make them stand head and shoulders above the rest in terms of power.

No Mammoth Clansmen had ever fused with a Gold Grade Pranic Beast egg. Such an egg didn't exist even in the treasury of the 1st Empyrean Tusk.

The reason was simple: Offending a Gold Grade Pranic Beast simply wasn't worth it.

A Gold Grade Pranic Beast would have strength on the level of an Empyrean Tusk. Every such Pranic Beast was an overlord that had carved its territory and ruled over it.

In Sumatra Continent, the stronger a Pranic Beast was, the weaker its fertility. Weak grunts like the Mud Vipers spawned baby Mud Vipers like a factory. But a Gold Grade Pranic Beast would have to prepare and at most give birth twice or thrice in its long life.

Therefore, they were overprotective of their young. If their egg was stolen, the Gold Grade Pranic Beast would go into a frenzy and wouldn't stop until the poacher was put down.

Such a Pranic Beast could even cripple an Empyrean Tusk. The strength a Mammoth Clansman gained from fusing with a Gold Grade Pranic Beast egg wouldn't even make up for the losses incurred, with the Empyrean Tusk's death being one of them.

Therefore, the strongest egg the Mammoth Clan procured was in the Silver Grade, and even their numbers were rare. 'If I could nurture Asaeya into the likes of a legendary genius, she'll become eligible to obtain the Grim Knell. Just with her alone by my side, I can survive on Sumatra somehow.'

He intended to prevent Gannala's death with all his might. But that was only a temporary measure. The most he could do is buy a couple of months past the First Major Disaster. The 44th Empyrean Tusk was about to die of old age. That cannot be avoided. There was less than a year left of her lifespan.

And when Resha's parents bring in the baby Empyrean Tusk, their settlement would be too weak to endure the onslaught of the Second, Third, and Fourt Minor Crises that happen in quick succession.

In Sumatra Chronicles, Resha did protect the baby Empyrean Tusk. But every time, he barely avoided death. Even though he didn't die, his body was reduced to a ragdoll after every single Minor Crisis. This was in Sumatra Chronicles.

Now, with the addition of five reincarnates, the situation might either become manageable or end up worsening even further. Therefore, all Inala could do was solidify his strength and allies, hoping to survive the treacherous future.

"Since there's plenty of time, do you want to commission another Imagination Art?" Inala expressed his interest.

'Well, I do have enough funds for that. But, will it be alright?' Asaeya pondered, 'Mother left everything to me. She'll only be disappointed if I squander my funds. But, Inala is the real deal.'

She stared at the Imagination Art, 'This will be worth the money. Despite that, I shouldn't waste my money and think of scenarios that make perfect use of the Imagination Art.'

"By the way, what's the name of this piece?" Asaeya asked, "I remember the last one having the suffix of Defeat."

"It doesn't have one." Inala shook his head, "I only intend to name pieces that were on the level of what I displayed to your parents. This isn't one of them."

"Then, make one next." Asaeya's eyes glinted, "Five metres long and three metres tall. Draw the Empyrean Tusk's eyes on it. The expression should be one it makes towards enemies. Emote it in such a way that the Zingers are intimidated."

'They are constantly attacking us. I feel like I can employ Inala's ability to counter the Zingers. Or at the very least, it'll work in confusing the enemies.' Asaeya muttered after some thought, "As long as we reduce the attack rate of the Zingers, we'll have contributed immensely to the Clan."

Asaeya picked up some mud and turned it into a palm-sized slam, following Inala's actions as she made a bunch of rough drafts on it, "The emotion is simply anger. Hmm…this won't do. It must be something that creeps the Zingers and make them instinctively avoid approaching us. If the Empyrean Tusk eyes won't do, then a human's?"

'Is she really a 12-year-old girl?' Inala listened to her mutters, shuddering in response at the darkness of her thoughts. She was analysing the psyche of the Zingers, intending to capitalise on their worst fears. He recalled his past life, 'At what point in my life was I capable of having such complex thoughts?'

He reached that level only in his mid-twenties. And this was when he considered his intelligence, cunning, philosophical, and psychiatric abilities to be way above average, even from an objective viewpoint.

'She's a successor candidate, alright.' Inala was further assured about Asaeya's talent, 'If it's her, then it's possible. She might obtain the Grim Knell.'

'I'm already on track to obtaining the cure. Only two more items are left and I know the method to obtain them. With Gannala's active support, I will definitely succeed.' Inala thought, 'That means I can afford to nurture Asaeya. With a small push from me, she'll survive and become my strongest ally.'

Inala suddenly extended his hand towards Asaeya, his expression serious, "Asaeya, if you're willing, I wish to wholeheartedly support you in your successor race."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 59: First Disciple
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You…wish to support me?" Asaeya was stunned by his declaration, "Why? I mean, I do appreciate the support. But what made you decide it so quickly?"

"Look at what you've drawn," Inala pointed at the rough sketches she was making and erasing on the palm-sized mud slab, "All these are my techniques. Even without me teaching you anything, you were able to get this far. That means, with my support, you'll grow even more."

"You're a princess and by far the most talented cultivator I witnessed." Inala spoke frankly, "If I decide to support you, I'll be the first. Thereby, once you become the 43rd Settlement's Lady Mother, my life will become comfortable."

"So, a gamble, huh?" Asaeya muttered.

"Not a gamble," Inala said in seriousness as he made eye contact, "I truly believe you can win the successor race, Asaeya."

"I don't have a chance, not in the slightest." Asaeya sighed, "My older siblings are already in the Life Stage. They…"

"They don't have something that you will obtain." Inala pointed at her forehead, "You're still a student. And there are still two years left until your graduation. As long as your contribution is significant enough, you'll receive a reserve Pranic Beast egg that the Clan has been safeguarding."

"That would at most be an Advance Silver Grade Pranic Beast egg." Asaeya shook her head, "All my oldest siblings possess one too."

'No, the Grim Knell is vastly stronger than any Silver Grade Pranic Beast.' Of course, Inala didn't reveal that. Instead, he expressed his sincerity, "Since your father hasn't announced his successor until now, it means he's yet to be satisfied with the results brought by your older siblings. So, why not try to fight for it?"

"Unless of course, you're afraid." Inala made an expression as if he was disappointed, sighing grandly.

"Huh? Excuse me? Who's afraid?" Asaeya was triggered by his words, glaring in anger, "Fine! I accept! And I'll win the successor race!"

'It doesn't matter whether or not you win the successor race. I want you to gain possession of the Grim Knell. That alone will make you one of the strongest in the Mammoth Clan.' Inala thought. The majority of Pranic Beasts in Sumatra had a Primary Nature suitable for targeting their enemies individually.

But the Grim Knell's Primary Nature affected all targets in range. It was the perfect counter against creatures like the Mud Vipers and Zingers that attacked in swarms.

Asaeya would obtain strategic value once she gains the power of the Grim Knell. Since he succeeded in making her accept his proposal, Inala was content, 'Now, how do I best nurture her abilities?'

Inala never worried about trust. He had a decent competency in judging someone's character. And with that, he realised that Asaeya wouldn't betray him. He did feel bothered by her strangely high interest in him, almost bordering on a romantic level.

He wasn't a dense guy. But that didn't mean he would reciprocate the emotion. Asaeya was barely a kid. His past life's values forbade him from aiming for a kid.

But Inala did notice that by the passage of every day, the greater he cultivated using the Mystic Bone Art, the more he was being assimilated into this world's culture, values, and mindset. Therefore, he felt that when Asaeya graduates from the Academy of Refinement and is considered an adult by the standards of this world, if she still decides to pursue him, his thoughts might change.

'Let's not go that far with scenarios.' Inala dumped all useless thoughts to the back of his head and focused on the task at hand.

"Well, I'll be frank with you, now that I'm competing against my siblings." Asaeya calculated her position, "I'll have to do a lot more than install some portraits at the academy. If I need to tick all the checks by the Clan, then…"

After some murmurs, she stared at him, "Your working pace wouldn't be sufficient."

"That doesn't matter." Inala smirked, "Two people can do it."

"Two?" Asaeya was surprised, "There's another person that can carve like you?"

"Yeah," Inala pointed at her, "You'll do it too."

"I'll teach it to you."

"You…are you being serious?" Asaeya was serious.

"Yup," Inala nodded, "You know what this means, right?"

"Yeah, come here." Asaeya nodded and inched towards his face, intending to kiss him.

'I don't want to go to jail!' Inala shrieked mentally as he took a step back and behaved like he didn't notice her actions—to avoid offending her. His brain spun into overdrive as he hurriedly looked at the ground and picked up a piece of mud.

'Am I that unattractive? Or is he dense?' Asaeya quickly recovered as she coughed and adjusted the sleeves of her clothes, appearing unconcerned to hide her embarrassment.

Mystic Bone Art—Sculptor!

Inala worked on the piece of mud and transformed it into a badge. The badge was carved with the images of the four Spirit Weapons he used to carve. He granted it to Asaeya, "If you were to accept my teachings, it means you'll officially become my disciple."

'Ah, that was what he was going on about.' Asaeya sighed mentally, 'Mother, it seems it'll take me a bit longer than I thought to make this guy fall for me. Well, he does have some charm. So, I'm not angry.'

"Of course, it's not just my carving skills. I'll be teaching you many things since I am something of a genius myself." Inala boasted and extended the badge, "If you accept being my disciple, take this badge."

A master-disciple relationship was very valuable, since no master would accept someone else's disciple under their tutelage. This meant that for the rest of her life, Asaeya would only be able to inherit Inala's skills.

So, it had to be considered. She was a princess, Yahard Tusk's daughter. In contrast, Inala was a mere Death Row Student, orphaned too. From an objective standpoint, she had nothing to gain from him. Instead, she'll only lose out on a lot.

'But!' Asaeya grabbed the badge and prostrated on the floor, offering her respects, "I greet my master."

'He isn't boasting about being a genius. I can judge from his body language that he truly feels that way. It means a lot, coming from a Death Row Student. Besides, just the accuracy he displayed in his carving skills while using four Spirit Weapons is enough reason to become his disciple.' Asaeya thought, 'Just by gaining that, I'm confident in surpassing my peers and eventually facing my oldest siblings.'

"Great!" Inala grinned and sat down, motioning for her to sit across from him. "I'll instruct you from the basics. There's enough time and raw materials here for you to practice."

With that, Inala began his classes, obtaining his first disciple in Sumatra.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 60: Deriving the Bone Slip Skill
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Asaeya trained after listening to his lecture, Inala grabbed a bone piece from his bag and held it. He closed his eyes and fired up the Mystic Bone Art, beginning cultivation.

He focused on its latter segments, raising his proficiency by recalling his experience in meeting Resha and Granny Oyo, especially when he obtained Skills from them.

Through the Prana Domination Skill, Inala gained complete control over the bone piece, able to sense its every detail. Following that, he recalled the scene when he absorbed Skills from Bone Slips.

Mystic Bone Art—Mystic Skill Creator!

Inala catalysed his cultivation art and peered deeper into its mysteries, taking advantage of his experience and the effects of Mystic Skill Creator to grab the portion in the cultivation technique related to the Bone Slip Skill.

There were multiple veils over the Mystic Bone Art, separating it by layers. Each layer conformed to a cultivation Stage. The Bone Slip Skill was available in the second layer, accessible only by Body Stage Mammoth Clansmen.

But now, the effects from Mystic Skill Creator bombarded the mist and rattled it, revealing some gap through which his consciousness entered. In the end, the segment related to the Bone Slip Skill was highlighted, allowing Inala to grasp it and learn its secrets.

Mystic Bone Art—Bone Slip!

Inala inscribed the details of the Sculptor Skill in the Bone Slip and inspected it, 'Alright, there are no issues with it. The Sculptor Skill has been perfectly copied. Man, now that I experience it for myself, I truly underestimated Mystic Skill Creator. It's more overpowered than I thought.'

As long as he obtained enough experience, using Mystic Skill Creator, he should be able to unlock the entirety of the Mystic Bone Art, all the way to its end—Transcendence Stage!

That would give him valuable information not available to even Resha. Moreover, with a full version of Mystic Bone Art, the quality of Skills he could derive would elevate to a whole new level. 'I can't wait to start training already.'

"Asaeya, take this." Saying so, Inala handed her the Bone Slip.

"A Bone Slip?" Asaeya was surprised, "But how? You're only at the Spirit Stage. And I noticed that it was merely a piece of bone when you grabbed it. How did it become a Bone Slip? Only cultivators at the Body Stage and above can use the Skill."

"I told you," Inala expressed pride in himself, mildly arrogant at his abilities, "I'm something of a genius myself."

"Amazing!" Asaeya was excited as she grabbed the Bone Slip and seeped her Prana through it, sensing a stream of information enter her mind and condense into a Skill, "Sculptor Skill?"

"Master, is this what you used to carve?"

"Addressing me as Inala will do." Inala nodded and retracted the Bone Slip and crushed it, destroying all information inside. He didn't have enough expertise like Resha to make the contents in the Bone Slip disappear after it was accessed once.

That part was only accessible in the Mystic Bone Art after reaching the Life Stage. Therefore, he simply corrupted the information. Of course, there was still a chance someone proficient with the Bone Slip Skill could rewire the corrupted data and obtain the Skill.

Inala planned to divide the piece of bone into multiple fragments and expend them for various objects. That way, even if someone gets a fragment, the information in it would only be a garbled mess, not worth spending time and effort to decrypt it.

"Use the Skill," Inala said and pushed a mud slab towards her, thinking as he observed her actions, 'It took me six years to brush up my art skills and a month here to convert it into its sculpting form. Now, the moment she obtained the Sculptor Skill, it's as if she also received my artistic sense and habits. It's like a part of me has been handed over to her. Skills are terrifying.'

Prana was energy condensed by the fusion between energies of the body, mind, and soul. Therefore, every unit of Prana in a cultivator pretty much contained their genetic data.

A Skill was basically the condensation of one's experiences related to the usage of Prana to achieve a certain effect. Therefore, when the Skill is conceptualised, the information in it also consisted of the creator's habits, biases, instincts, etc.

Therefore, when Asaeya used his Sculptor Skill, her actions were mimicry of himself. Of course, as she continues to use the Sculptor Skill, it would gradually be influenced by her Prana and evolve to suit her better.

And now, this influence was happening at a rapid pace. From a mimicry of his actions to an original form of her own, Asaeya barely took forty minutes to do so, 'I fear for an average cultivator, this would have taken a few months at least. She's indeed terrifying. It's like witnessing Resha from the second half of Sumatra Chronicles.'

Inala became hyped at that realisation. How would he religiously follow a novel for six years unless he loved it? Inala disliked the Resha from the initial parts of Sumatra Chronicles, but the Resha from the latter half was his favourite.

Every single scene portraying Resha's excellence caused his blood to pump in excitement. And now, Asaeya made him feel the same way, 'I'll definitely nurture you into a genius even better than Resha.'

'I want to see you defeat him!' At that thought, Inala couldn't control himself. He almost gave her all his Skills. But a couple of seconds later, he understood his reckless stupidity and calmed down, taking in deep breaths, 'Control yourself, dumbass! If you give her everything, you'll only hinder her mental growth. Even Resha shone as a protagonist only after going through the rites that all protagonists go through. So shun your stupidity.'

He mentally berated himself as much as possible until his riled-up thoughts turned calm like a still lake.

The evening quickly arrived and it was time for Asaeya to leave. She bowed in response, "I gained a lot from you, Inala."

"I'll cultivate harder to become a successor." She announced.

"Good," Inala nodded, "We'll keep your graduation target ten months from now. Since you almost reached the peak of the Spirit Stage, that'll be easy. I'll also be training you on other areas to strengthen your Spirit Containers to the limit."

"Right, you're affected by the Fragment Disease." Asaeya nodded in excitement, "Despite that, and even after crying for two days due to the Imagination Art of Defeat, you didn't lose a single unit of Prana. I'm definitely interested in the know-how of your training methods."

"Don't worry, I'll be teaching it to you eventually." Inala nodded, "You can reveal information about our relationship. But don't leak anything about the Skills I impart to you. That should remain absolutely confidential."

"That goes without saying." Asaeya bowed in respect and got up, "I'll arrive every alternate day to avoid burdening your schedule. I'm aware you have a lot of portrait commissions as well."

"Take care, and be safe." Inala bode farewell as he observed Asaeya carry the Imagination Art and exit the guest room. Right next to it was the detachable room that shuttled between the 44th and 43rd Settlements.

Once Asaeya boarded it, the room flew to the 43rd Settlement slowly. A couple of stray Zingers targeted it but were instantly killed by the elites stationed nearby.

Inala observed the master that was controlling the shuttle, noticing a faint droplet of sweat covering his forehead, 'This master seems very old. If he were to ever falter, the shuttle would fall. And his condition makes it a possibility. A straight drop from this height guarantees death. It's the best opportunity for Asaeya's siblings to deal with her…Wait a second!'

His eyes widened in realisation as Inala observed the old man's eyes droop for some reason. His forehead was covered with sweat now.

Right as a foreboding sensation pervaded his being, Inala saw the old man faint. And in response, the shuttle lost its balance and dropped, falling through the layer of clouds.

Within it was his disciple, "Asaeya!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 61 A Leap of Desperation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Asaeya!" Upon seeing the shuttle drop to the ground, Inala shrieked in alarm, infusing Prana into his throat. His shout alerted the elites as they launched their Spirit Weapons, intending to catch the shuttle.

"H-Heavy!" An elite grunted in pain as his Spirit Weapon, a spear, stabbed into the shuttle, intending to pull it back up. But, it was too heavy for him, since he was only an elite. All he managed to do was buy a second before the shuttle fell past his range.

Spurting out blood, the elite collapsed, exhausted of all Prana. The other elites in the area were farther away and were a moment late in reacting, for they had been targeting the Zingers.

Inala sprinted without a moment of hesitation and jumped over the edge. His Prana surged into his bag and made a glove fly out. When an elite slowed down the shuttle's fall, Inala used the chance to push forth his glove with all his might.

"Argh!" When the shuttle began to fall, the air resistance caused it to spin, throwing off Asaeya. As the shuttle spun, one of its inner walls slammed into her.

When her body impacted the inner wall, Asaeya's nails grew in length, turning sharp as she clamped upon the wall, latching onto it like a lizard. This at least allowed her some freedom of thought, looking around as tried to find a way out.

The shuttle was a moving platform. To avoid being attacked by the Zingers, walls, and a ceiling were attached by the master that transported it. There were only a couple of fist-sized holes meant for air circulation.

It was impossible for a student to break the bone walls constructed by a master. Asaeya condensed Prana into her fist and punched once, barely denting the wall. Just as she despaired, a spear pierced the wall nearby, rotating at a high speed to poke a hole.

Immediately in response, a few more spears poked the wall, lodging themselves halfway inside as they tried to push the shuttle up in hopes to reduce its acceleration. The elites situated along the stomach and legs of the Empyrean Tusk had taken action.

But even they could only slow down the fall.

The elites tied ropes to their hips and jumped down, falling alongside the shuttle as their Spirit Weapons poked into the shuttle repeatedly. They intended to break open a section of the wall and pull out Asaeya.

But it was taking time and the shuttle was approaching closer and closer to the ground.

"Shit! Hurry!" An elite grunted as blood gushed out of his nose in strain. His Spirit Weapon drilled into the shuttle's wall and penetrated a hole. It turned around inside and made another hole on its way back.

The elites were poking holes in the wall around Asaeya. Since she was latched onto the wall, as long as they broke out the piece she held, they could save her. But they weren't fast enough as only a few elites were in range to take action.

The shuttle had fallen past their positions too quickly for them to handle. The shuttle fell through the layer of clouds and continued to fall. Six hundred metres to the ground. A few seconds to impact. Even though the elites wished to save the kid trapped within the shuttle, they were losing hope as none of them were strong enough to break open the shuttle or hold it in place.

The shuttle fell through the region between the 43rd and 44th Empyrean Tusks. As this region was hardly attacked by the Zingers, only weak elites had been placed on guard. It wasn't even a year since most of these elites graduated from the academy. So, their strength wasn't that high as compared to a student.

Had the veteran elites been at the scene, they would have rescued Asaeya by now. The newbie elites weren't capable enough. Just as they prepared themselves for Asaeya's death, a pair of gloves rushed past them and grabbed two of the lodged spears.

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Domination!

Inala added his imprint in the Spirit Weapons and using the Mystic Bone Art, he refined their shapes, transforming them into blades. The gloves moved back and forth to saw through the wall. Moreover, using his psychokinesis on the gloves, he tugged hard, pulling his body towards the shuttle.

Mystic Bone Art—Sculptor!

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

His four Spirit Weapons targeted a hole each and sawed through them, connecting the holes with a crack. "Asaeya! Brace for impact!"

He shouted and spiked the Prana in his gloves, pulling his body towards the shuttle faster. His Spirit Weapons barely carved a crack in the wall, but it hadn't shattered yet. Hence, with a bang, Inala landed on the region with enough force the crack spread throughout the wall's thickness and caused the affected piece to cave in.

His legs shattered from the impact, but he was so pumped with adrenaline that Inala didn't feel the pain. Instead, his full focus was on saving Asaeya, 'Fuck! She's my first disciple! As if I would let you fuckers kill her!'

His glove clenched into a fist and slammed the edge of the broken piece of wall, flipping it to reveal the figure of Asaeya that was clamped on it, "Grab me!"

Asaeya let go of her hold and leaped onto him, grabbing him like a koala bear as Inala punched forth the walls with his second glove and used the momentum to fly out of the hole. "Elites! Hook my legs!"

"Argh!" Inala blanked out when a spear pierced his thigh and pulled his body up, rapidly slowing down his descent.

"Come on! Slow down, dammit!" The elite that had pierced his spear through Inala's thigh grunted as his Prana surged into his spear and pulled as much as possible. He did indeed succeed in slowing down Inala's descent, causing other nearby elites to catch up.

Since his legs were busted anyway, they hooked their spears in the legs and pulled Inala. Fifty metres above the ground, Inala's figure came to a stop. He had fainted long ago. And holding him for dear life was Asaeya, shrieking upon seeing blood gush out of Inala's orifices, "Help!"

Like reeling a fish, two elites controlled their spears and pulled Inala and Asaeya to an encampment on the Empyrean Tusk's knee.

"Inala!" Asaeya jumped around the moment she landed safely, staring at Inala as she broke down into tears, observing the over dozen spears logged in his legs. Blood leaked out of them nonstop.

Asaeya was flustered, feeling Inala's body turn cold.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 62 Inala Faints, Mandu Rages
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Boom!

The shuttle crashed into the ground and splattered upon impact. The Imagination Art within broke into a hundred fragments. A shadow loomed over it and calmly passed over. It was the 44th Empyrean Tusk's right hind leg. Gannala continued to walk, and so did the rest of the Empyrean Tusks.

Even if this seemed like a significant event where dozens of elites participated in the rescue operation, there was no ripple from the outcome. The scale was too minor for the herd to bother about.

In Sumatra Chronicles, during one such visit to the 44th Settlement, the shuttle carrying Asaeya fell down. The elites tried to save her but failed. In the end, her body splattered upon impact. A drop from more than a kilometre height was nothing but a death sentence.

The shuttle's fall wasn't of any importance, which was why her death didn't even make it to Sumatra Chronicles.

"Inala! Inala! Get up!" Asaeya sobbed. She didn't have anything on her being to heal him. Prana did have healing properties, but unless she had a Skill or Nature geared towards healing, seeping her Prana into his body would only worsen the situation.

Inala's Prana would reject the foreign Prana. The clash would wound him further.

"Do you have an Elixir?" Asaeya looked at the elites near her, "If you have, please take it out. I'll reimburse you with a brand new Elixir immediately after."

The elites wryly smiled at each other, expressing helplessness. They were merely cultivators without any background that had graduated a few months ago and had only been granted Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beasts.

They didn't have the resources to afford something on the level of an Elixir.

"We have notified the higher-ups. Help is on the way." One of the elites said and applied pressure on Inala's wounds, massaging the area to ease up the blood circulation, "Let's do everything in our power to prolong his life until then."

"Okay," Asaeya forcibly calmed herself down and looked at Inala's box-shaped bag. He carried his weapons in it, just in case. And they proved useful in saving her life.

Asaeya's goal wasn't his weapons, but Parute Fruit. She paid him 280 Parute Fruits for the Imagination Art. 'That can protect him!'

She grabbed a handful of Parute Fruits and crushed them, dripping their essence into Inala's mouth. The essence quickly made its way to his stomach, activating his Mystic Bone Art in response.

The Parute Fruits transformed into Prana that circulated in his body, beginning to heal the injuries. The consumption of 100 Parute Fruits would generate one unit of Prana. So, 280 Parute Fruits weren't much help.

But three units of Prana would still prolong his life for a bit longer. Thanks to the Mystic Bone Art's activation, the coldness setting in Inala began to wane.

"Does anyone have Parute Fruits?" Asaeya asked once she finished feeding all 280 of them to Inala.

"We have some reserve in our station." One of the elites said and rushed towards a secure safe in a nearby room and grabbed the box of Parute Fruits from within, "There's a thousand of them!"

"Thank you!" Asaeya sighed in relief, "Please be assured that I'll repay the amount immediately after."

1000 Parute Fruits generated 10 units of Prana, barely stabilising Inala's situation.

"What happened to Inala?" Instructor Mandu dropped down with a rope and hung outside the encampment on the Empyrean Tusk's knee. The encampment was shaped no different from a balcony, and placed on the floor there was Inala.

Seeing his condition, Instructor Mandu entered the encampment and inspected Inala's body, "Thankfully, he won't die. Enough Prana is circulating in his body to prevent his condition from worsening."

After completing his duties at the academy, Instructor Mandu was walking toward the guest room when he heard the commotion. And upon inquiring about the details with the elites nearby, he jumped down immediately. He didn't wish to see one of his talented students experience a premature death.

Instructor Mandu transported Inala to the Academy's infirmary, beginning treatment.

"He'll live, don't worry." The healer in the infirmary said after injecting a vial of medicine into Inala's bloodstream, "If nothing unusual happens, he ought to wake up in a day. His legs have been messed up. Due to his Fragment Disease, I'm afraid he wouldn't be able to walk for the near future."

"Will he be crippled?" Instructor Mandu felt intense anger surge in him.

"That won't happen, don't worry." The healer commented, "His Prana would eventually heal his legs. With his current Prana reserves, he'll take two years to make a full recovery."

"Two years…" Instructor Mandu muttered, "Two years…! Two…years, huh?"

"Two years to recover naturally." The healer said, "We can use medicine to make the process faster but at the slightest burden, his body will break down further. The bodies of those infected by the Fragment Disease are sensitive and honestly fragile."

"Even at present, the amount of Prana in him has already put his body under strain. So, I wouldn't recommend…"

"That's enough. Notify me once he wakes up." Saying so, Instructor Mandu left the infirmary as he arrived at the academy's training grounds and stared at the sky, seeing hundreds of Zingers.

His legs fused to resemble a tail while his upper body ballooned in size, turning twice as big. Reddish-brown scales covered his body as a pair of horns protruded out of his forehead. His face transformed into that of a crocodile as claws appeared on his hands.

Intermediate Iron Grade Pranic Beast—Shock Lizard!

One of the most common Pranic Beasts that Mammoth Clansmen fuse with upon reaching the Body Stage. For its Grade, it boasted decent power. Its serpentine lower half allowed the cultivators to crawl through the grooves and channels in the settlement faster. Moreover, its ability was perfectly suited for the combat environment on the Empyrean Tusk's body.

Primary Nature—Prana Shock!

Instructor Mandu opened his lizard mouth and spewed forth a bolt of Prana that blasted into the Zingers upon impact. It unleashed a ripple of shockwave, paralysing the Zingers, numbing their bodies.

Without a break, Instructor Mandu unleashed a volley of Prana Shocks, causing Zingers to rain down from the sky. His bone spear flashed about and punctured their heads, "Arghhh!"

Instructor Mandu roared, dissatisfied. He rushed out of the academy and arrived before the guest room, staring at the old man whose slip-up caused everything.

"No, I'm not sure. I suddenly felt sleepy. And before I realised, I was asleep…" The old man was explaining himself to another master when suddenly, a bolt of Prana slammed into his face and exploded. "What the…who dared?"

"Fucker! I do!" Instructor Mandu roared as he rained down punches on the old man, "You had one job, the safest in our Clan. If you can't even do it properly, why the fuck are you alive?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 63 Mandu Kills a Master
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Make it seem like an accident." A Zinger's Prana Bomb hovered in the air. Attached to it was a flower whose pollen caused one to fall asleep, "Place this on the roof of the building next to you. It would put the blame on the Zingers."

Mahuddu accepted the Prana Bomb and stared at the individual that remained seated within the shuttle, exuding arrogance nurtured through authority. He bowed in response, "I'll do as you say,"

"Lady Zannerl."

"Don't utter my name casually." The lady in the shuttle snorted, following which she snapped her finger, motioning for the Shuttle to be moved to her Settlement already, "Remember, you'll not be paid the Mid-Grade Elixir if you fail to kill Asaeya. And if you dare reveal my involvement, I'll slaughter all your descendants. Keep that in mind the next time you say my name."

"Y-Yes." Mahuddu bowed respectfully as he carefully moved the shuttle to the 43rd Settlement. He immediately placed the Prana Bomb on the roof of the nearby building and sniffed, 'I feel a mild sense of sleepiness. As long as I remove the Prana protecting my lungs, I'll be affected faster. I'll do that while transporting Asaeya to appear natural.'

Bam!

A punch to the face forced Mahuddu to recall the previous night's arrangement. He crashed into the wall of the guest room and coughed out blood, glaring at Instructor Mandu, "How dare a mere junior attack me?"

"Do you wish to die?"

"I should be asking you the same." Instructor Mandu grunted and shot two bolts of Prana, aiming for the old man, Mahuddu.

Mahuddu riled up his Prana and caused the walls of the guest room to melt and flow around him like water. It transformed into a robust shield and defended against the Prana Shock, shattering in response as the residue slammed into him, causing him to gasp.

Mahuddu was a master at the 2-Life Stage, in charge of the shuttle that moved between the 44th and 43rd Settlements. He fused with a Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast. In terms of his Prana reservoir, lifespan, or sheer power, he overwhelmed Instructor Mandu on all fronts.

But until he transformed, all he had was a larger Prana reservoir. And to prevent his transformation, Instructor Mandu attacked in his transformed state, overwhelming the latter.

Instructor Mandu, as a Shock Lizard leaped in the air and unleashed another Prana Shock. When Mahuddu defended against it, partly stunned, he lashed with his tail.

The tail slap sent Mahuddu crashing into the wall once again. And before he could even manage to orient himself, two more Prana Shocks followed suit, this time slamming dead centre.

"Aargh!" Mahuddu felt his internal organs rupture from the impact, "I'll kill…"

His voice came to a halt as Mahuddu stared at the bone spear that poked out of his chest. It revved once and shredded his heart, causing his eyes to lose all signs of life.

"Mandu, control yourself." The other master at the scene hurriedly grabbed Instructor Mandu, "It's forbidden to kill one of us."

"One of us?" Instructor Mandu glared at the master, "Someone that dares try to kill my student is a fucking traitor to the Clan! Don't you dare stop me, Vuhal. Or I'll consider you as Mahuddu's accomplice."

"Please don't be unreasonable, Mandu." The master, called Vuhal shouted in a hurry, "I was dispatched by the Settlement Leader to investigate the cause. I'll be the judge whether or not Mahuddu did it on purpose or by mistake."

"Mistake? Have you lost your braincells, Vuhal?" Instructor Mandu clapped once as his spear shot to the nearby roof and pushed out a Zinger's Prana Bomb. Attached to it was a flower, still releasing pollen.

"Don't you feel sleepy?" Instructor Mandu snorted, "Even when I raged, this pollen still made me feel sleepy. I could immediately figure out the cause and pinpoint it."

He glared at Vuhal, "If a master cannot even notice something this obvious, isn't he a waste of our Clan's resources? Am I wrong in dispatching such a parasite?"

"This…" Vuhal hesitated and whispered, "I noticed it too. But, you or I don't have the authority to punish a master. Only the Settlement Leader does. So, I was buying time until he arrived."

"Ah…I see," Instructor Mandu cooled down in realisation, "It seems I went overboard. Sorry for cursing at you."

"No, I understand." Vuhal nodded, "A student you were nurturing was almost killed. If I was in your place, I too would have gone ballistic. But you were wrong, Mandu. You'll be punished for killing a master."

"I see someone is being naughty." A voice resounded behind them, alarming the two.

'I didn't even notice his approach.' Instructor Mandu turned around in shock before prostrating on the floor in response, "I greet the Settlement Leader!"

"I greet the Settlement Leader!" Vuhal too prostrated, trembling upon feeling Bora Tusk's bloodthirsty gaze.

"You disturbed me for this crap?" Bora Tusk lifted his foot and stomped, crushing Vuhal's arm, stating upon seeing the latter control himself, not even letting out a grunt, "I believe I gave you the authority."

"But Mahuddu is a master." Vuhal controlled himself to mask the pain he felt. If he dares shows it in his expression, Bora Tusk would continue torturing him.

"A master…?" Bora Tusk calmly stared at Mahuddu's corpse, "He's at the Body Stage though?"

1-Life Stage was equivalent to the peak of the Body Stage. Since Mahuddu was killed once by Instructor Mandu, his cultivation dropped from the 2-Life Stage to the 1-Life Stage.

"Am I not making sense?" Bora Tusk asked calmly, but his body was already oozing out killing intent, causing the buildings in the vicinity to turn molten. "I remember setting a rule that a master can decide an elite's punishment if they commit a mistake. Do you want me to continue?"

"Please leave it to me, Settlement Leader." Vuhal slowly got up. He didn't even stare up when a powerful blow slammed his side, sending him flying into a building.

"Bastard. Why did you summon me for something you could take care of?" Bora Tusk groaned, "Am I being lenient in my punishment? Is that why you brats are being a pain in my nasty butt?"

"I apologise," Vuhal walked out as he coughed out blood. One side of his skeletal frame had been shattered. The organs within too had turned into mush. If not for his Prana reinforcing them, he would have lost a life.

But he dared not heal himself before Bora Tusk, for the madman would only see that as an act of rebellion. Therefore, Vuhal could only plead.

"Tch! Leave it. Since I came out anyway, I'll go on a stroll." Bora Tusk stared to his left and observed a colony of Zingers. He licked his lips and launched himself, making a beeline towards the mountain; he engaged in a slaughter, all to curb his desire for murder.

Vuhal was used to such a sight. And once Bora Tusk had left, he hurriedly healed his injuries, "I feel like I have aged by a decade."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 64 Unhinged
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I'm sorry you had to take a beating because of my actions." Instructor Mandu sighed and helped Vuhal.

"No, you made my work easier." Vuhal coughed once and healed his lungs, "Since you killed Mahuddu once and turned him into an elite, I have the authority to punish him for his actions. It's a lot simpler now."

"Since the Settlement Leader gave his verdict, Mahuddu's family cannot hold me accountable." Saying so, Vuhal approached the closest building and stared at Mahuddu's corpse.

The bone spear lodged in his chest came out slowly as the wounds recovered in an instant. The body became pristine, sporting no signs of injuries. It was basically a rebirth, the speciality of the Life Stage.

"You…Bastard!" Mahuddu glared at Instructor Mandu, "You destroyed decades of my cultivation. I'll make you pay…"

"Mahuddu, tell the truth. Why did you sabotage Lady Asaeya?" Vuhal extended his hand and unleashed his Prana, constricting Mahuddu's body, preventing him from moving.

"I didn't, promise!" Mahuddu shuddered. Since he regressed to the Body Stage, he was unable to endure a master's suppression, trembling from Vuhal's aura, "I suddenly fell asleep…"

"Well, let's have that as the cause." Vuhal nodded and retracted his Prana.

"Vuhal…" Instructor Mandu muttered.

"Then," Vuhal announced calmly, "For your dereliction of duty and carelessness that harmed Lady Asaeya, I hereby sentence you to 40 years of community service."

"40…" Mahuddu's face paled in response to the verdict. It was called community service, but it was no different from slave labour in the Empyrean Tusk's stomach where he would have to mine resources without rest.

He would be unable to cultivate. And every unit of Prana he expends would be a unit lost, for he would barely be provided enough food to sustain his body, not to mention recover his expended Prana. Forty years in such an environment ensured his future as a cultivator was no more.

His cultivation would regress to the early Body Stage, no different from a graduated student. Even though he had a long life thanks to his Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast, the Clan would no longer grant him cultivation resources.

Unless he contributes enough and makes a positive image of himself once again, he'll be neglected by the Clan. Moreover, anyone that performed community service was so traumatised that they no longer had the will to cultivate again.

"Don't you know who my father is?" In fear, Mahuddu had no other choice but to pull the father card.

"I know," Vuhal said calmly and unleashed a wave of Prana, contacting someone, "The Settlement Leader passed down a judgement. Let me check if your father wishes to go against Settlement Leader's orders for your sake."

He was contacting Mahuddu's father. A couple of seconds later, Vuhal sported a stunned expression.

"What happened?" Instructor Mandu asked.

"Well…" Vuhal coughed awkwardly and stared at Mahuddu with pity, "His father told me to extend the community service to sixty years."

"Let this be a lesson to him. I'm embarrassed already since his contribution to the Clan has been negligible as of late." Vuhal stared at Mahuddu, "This was your father's exact words."

"Well, I'll be on my way, Mandu. Don't give up hope. Think of something to help your student." Saying so, Vuhal carried Mahuddu and vanished.

"Inala…I'm sorry." Instructor Mandu sighed as he reverted to his human form and dejectedly returned to his home. In the meantime, to avoid giving a rash to the 44th Empyrean Tusk, Asaeya's request to stay beside Inala was rejected.

She was escorted to her Settlement by a group of elites.

Two days passed in such a fashion as Inala woke up without much trouble. He stared at his legs, unable to feel anything in them, "They're completely busted."

He closed his eyes and sensed his body's condition, surprised, 'My Prana grew by 13 units?'

"Well, that's good." He smiled and activated his Mystic Bone Art, beginning to heal his injuries. He wasn't even concerned with the injury. Rather, he was excited. Had his legs been destroyed a couple days ago, he would have become depressed.

But now, he was a completely different person, 'My efficiency in using the Spirit Reinforcement Skill would improve. Since in my current state, my Fragment Disease is flaring up more than usual. Training now would strengthen my Spirit Containers. I can also take this chance to progress Imprint Acceptance.'

"Moreover," He grinned, 'I'll accumulate this healing experience and conceptualise another Skill through Mystic Skill Creator.'

With the Mystic Skill Creator in his possession, as long as he doesn't die, every encounter, whether good or bad was valuable, as they might allow him to derive a Skill.

That was why Inala was excited. Moreover, that was the first time in his life when he was so desperate. His emotions flared up to their peak, something that never happened in his past life of stability.

Once he woke up, the healer informed him of his situation. But Inala wasn't concerned, 'Two years? That would have been the truth if I was a normal Death Row student.'

He possessed various Skills to hasten his recovery. If he went all out, he could recover in four months. But that was only if he made healing his priority.

Inala had to earn Parute Fruits through his portraits and also nurture Asaeya. 'Even in that situation, she was able to quickly calm down and remain patient until she was rescued. That isn't something a kid her age could do.'

'Moreover, she trusted me enough to place her life in my hand. And before I fainted, I could feel her concern for my well-being. She was crying for my sake. She's perfect. I cannot ask for a better disciple.' He was further assured of taking her under his tutelage. With that in mind, Inala requested a wheelchair from the infirmary and calmly returned home, resuming his work.

"Gannala, I thought of something," Inala muttered in inspiration.

…

'She has changed.' Virala thought, sneakily opening his eyes after a steamy session with Ruvva. He was supposed to have fainted once again, but Virala had dosed himself with enough medicine to not faint.

He observed Ruvva calmly dress herself and leave the house. An hour later, she returned with a basket of Mud Viper eggs and entered Granny Oyo's office room to train in secrecy. 'So, this is what she has been doing in secret. Oyo disappeared for some reason, leaving Ruvva in charge of everything here.'

Virala recalled her plot from Sumatra Chronicles, 'Awakening? Already? What was the trigger? In the book, she awakened only after the First Major Disaster.'

After a moment of confusion, he calmed down, 'Well, there are enough reincarnates to act as variables. All our actions might have caused a chain reaction to spark her awakening prematurely.'

"Well, it doesn't matter. My plans are in a state of automatic progression now." Saying so, Virala picked up a book and continued reading it. The book was an epic detailing the Mammoth Clan's Ancestor, a tale of her youth.

It was depicted as an autobiography, but treated as fiction by the Mammoth Clan, because it was about events so far in the past, unable to be verified. Despite that, the Mammoth Clan valued the book, for the story detailed in it was entertaining and also valuable.

It taught one the best way to live as a Mammoth Clansmen. Hence, the book was part of every student's curriculum. Everyone had a copy of it, including Virala. And these days, all he had been doing was reading the book while maintaining his Mystic Bone Art.

Soon, a set of words formed in his mind as Virala muttered, "Talk to me, Empyrean Tusk."

An intense headache plagued him; for an instant, a connection was formed. And in that short window, three words had been transmitted to his mind, making Virala grin.

[My Son, Virala!]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 65 Spirit Moss Cultivator
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In a long, narrow tunnel, faintly lit by moss traversed a stream of water, barely three metres wide. A boat had been travelling on it, moved by its weak currents. Its edges were rugged, covered by moss, and damaged over extended use. The texture was coarse as tiny, hair-thick spikes jutted out of the material due to wear and tear, sharp enough to prick fingers.

Seated on it was Blola, exuding an air of depression. He had been in this dull, humid environment for six months, causing his already gloomy aura to worsen further. On the boat was a few kilograms of Spirit Moss, a treasure valuable enough for cultivators to kill.

But now, they lay before him, uncared for. Blola consumed nothing apart from Spirit Moss for the past six months, fed up by now. Spirit Moss wasn't tasty in the first place. And having consumed the same for so long pretty much killed his taste buds.

With his tongue dead, his depression only worsened. But, that was the extent of his issues. His gains vastly overshadowed that.

First of all, the consumption of Spirit Moss strengthened his Spirit Containers, allowing him to build up Prana at a rapid pace while offsetting the issues brought by the Fragment Disease. As a result, Blola had already reached the peak of Spirit Stage, now possessing 100 Prana.

His Spirit Containers were robust to the extent that even when he is rattled by something, they wouldn't crack. He had consumed enough Spirit Moss to not worry about his Spirit Containers breaking at his current cultivation.

In the future though, when the quantity of Prana in his body is vastly higher than the current amount, the pressure on his Spirit Container would be significant. He would have to consume more Spirit Moss to endure that level of pressure. But, that was merely an issue for the future.

Blola already had a solution in place for that.

Secondary Nature—Spirit Moss Cultivator!

By consuming only Spirit Moss for six months while cultivating his Mystic Bone Art nonstop, he gained this nature.

An entity's Nature was pretty much how it existed in its natural state. A fish swam in the water. A bird flew. A spider weaved web. That was how they existed innately, their primary nature.

The Primary Nature possessed by the Pranic Beasts was pretty much that, their state of existence manifested by their Prana.

Therefore, the most-definite way to gain a Nature was to subject oneself to an extreme environment and adapt to it. Once their body adapts to the environment, surviving there becomes a part of themselves.

Thereby, their Prana manifests that into a Nature. But this needs an extreme case where the entirety of the body focuses on only adapting to the extremity.

Blola had done exactly that, surviving on a diet solely of Spirit Moss. Of course, a large contribution to the success was the Mystic Bone Art that allowed him to consume and assimilate such large quantities of Spirit Moss.

It was one of the best cultivation techniques for a reason. And Mammoth Clansmen could gain Natures from extreme situations related to consumption. This was a proven fact already.

Though, living in the Settlements wasn't an extreme situation. Therefore, Mammoth Clansmen never capitalised on their advantage. Of course, it was also due to their ignorance. Having been living all their lives on an Empyrean Tusk where the environmental conditions were perfect for their survival, they never explored this aspect of the Mystic Bone Art.

After the 44th Empyrean Tusk dies and the 20 survivors of the 44th Settlement had to fend for themselves without the aid of an Empyrean Tusk, they eventually figure this out. But it takes them a century to do so.

And Resha was the one that figured it out, obviously. Closely before the Fourth Major Disaster began, after raiding multiple Mud Viper Nests to refine their toxin into an Elixir, Resha arrives at the Ennoudu Plains.

There, he stumbles upon this tunnel filled with Spirit Moss and spends the next few years in it. By sustaining himself with an exclusive diet of Spirit Moss, he ends up gaining the Tertiary Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator.

A cultivator could gain three Natures in total. There wasn't any difference in the Natures of Primary, Secondary, and Tertiary. They were just names for the slots. Generally, by the naming scheme followed in Sumatra, Primary Nature was reserved for the ability they gain from fusing with a Pranic Beast.

For the Pranic Beasts, it was the nature they were born with, hence the term primary. Mutated Pranic Beasts would gain a Secondary Nature. And very few individuals that satisfy extreme requirements obtain a Tertiary Nature.

As Resha already obtained Spirit Moss Cultivator as a Nature, there was no need to experiment. Blola only followed whatever was written in Sumatra Chronicles and behold, he obtained it too.

Spirit Moss Cultivator was an ability semi-combative in nature. If Blola activates it on a Pranic Beast, a layer of Spirit Moss would grow on the target by consuming its flesh and Prana.

The greater the quality of the Spirit Beast, the greater the quality of Spirit Moss obtained. But as it needs to be alive, there was some trickiness involved in using the Secondary Nature.

Though if the need arises, Blola could pretty much activate the ability on trees. But, the Spirit Moss grown this way was useless. Even for a student, the effects upon consumption would not be worth it.

The Spirit Moss would have to continue growing on the trees for a long period of time, anywhere from a century to a few centuries. Only after that would it reach the level of Spirit Moss he had been consuming.

If he could grow it on the body of a Silver Grade Pranic Beast, the maturity duration would only be a few years. 'I don't need to worry about it for the time being. I have already consumed enough to last for ten years of my growth.'

His Spirit Containers were now robust enough to withstand 10 years' worth of Prana that he would be accumulating in the future.

As he had such thoughts, the water current vanished. Blola felt his mood improve upon noticing that he had reached the end of the tunnel—a dome-like cave.

The dome-like cave was massive, spanning a couple kilometres in radius. Most of the ground area was covered by a pond. The water from the stream fed into this pond. Luminescent moss covered the floor of the lake, causing it to sparkle, keeping the cave brightly lit.

Blola inhaled the fresh air, feeling his Prana stir up in response. There were faint traces of Prana in the air, something that never happens anywhere in Sumatra, "That's only because of this phenomenon."

At the centre of the pond was an island, barely spanning two hundred square metres in area. On it grew an old, wilted tree, the target of Blola's excitement, "It's here,"

"One of Resha's fortuitous encounters!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 66 Parute Seed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In Sumatra Continent, the strength of a Mammoth Clansmen was vastly superior as compared to a cultivator from a kingdom.

Mammoth Clansmen that had fused with a Silver Grade Pranic Beast were even stronger, with each master having the power and authority to talk on par even with ministers and Kings at a higher cultivation base.

And in this power structure came Resha, possessing the power of an Empyrean Tusk, a Pranic Beast at the peak of the Gold Grade. He had an insane lifespan of two millennia, boasted Prana reserves multiple times greater than the strongest cultivators, and could become an Empyrean Tusk, a titan whose dimensions were measured in kilometres.

That wasn't all. He had three Natures, each strong individually, but were synergetic with one other, resulting in an overpowered existence. Towards the end of Sumatra Chronicles, Resha was such a powerhouse that the only way to threaten him was to swarm him.

He was capable of handling an entire nest of Mud Vipers individually. Such was his strength.

No matter what one conceptualised to become strong, Resha's example was the perfect formula to become an overpowered existence. Therefore, Blola followed Resha's example religiously.

'Resha is an overpowered existence. But even he was killed by the Boar King. Let's not think about that broken character.' Blola shook his head.

He had analysed Sumatra Chronicles many times. There existed no route that allowed him to grow stronger than Resha. Therefore, Blola judged it impossible to win against the Boar King, 'I'm not smart enough anyway. So, I'll let the other reincarnates tackle the Boar King's issue. My only goal is to become as strong as Resha.'

Blola had no intention to return to the Mammoth Clan. Once the Boar King starts targeting them, everything would be destroyed. He only intended to flee far away and settle in a large human empire.

As long as he had Resha's strength, becoming Emperor wasn't an issue. He will hide and suppress his nature as a Mammoth Clansman and enjoy a life of royalty. 'My Tertiary Nature should be something that can suppress my aura as a Mammoth Clansman from the Boar King.'

That was his end goal. For that future to become a reality, he needed to steal Resha's fortuitous encounters. With that in mind, Blola rowed his boat over the lake and reached the island in its centre.

He got down on the island and inhaled slowly, vitalised by the dense Prana in the air, "The cultivation environment here is the best. Sadly, that would end now."

Saying so, Blola extended his hand and touched the wilted tree, watching it collapse into dust. He calmly prodded through the dust and picked up a nail-sized seed.

Parute Seed!

Parute Trees were a mysterious resource of Sumatra. No one could determine why or how they formed, but at certain locations in the world, they grew.

Once it reaches maturity, a Parute Tree would bear Parute Fruits, the currency of the world. A Parute Tree was pretty much a perennial creature, an endless money bank. But if the Parute Tree receives even the slightest extent of damage, it wilts and dies.

It was the most valuable but also the most fragile existence for something that could live forever. A Parute Tree would grow anywhere the world wills. Its fruits didn't have a seed in them. Therefore, it was impossible to create a farm of Parute Trees.

That was what the world knew. But in truth, there existed a secret.

If, after a Parute Tree reaches maturity and bears Parute Fruit, not even a single fruit was plucked out, something strange happens. Instead of bearing more Parute Fruits, since it already bore a full load, the Parute Tree would collate more Prana in the fruits.

Once the fruits reach a fracture point, unable to store any more Prana, the Parute Tree absorbs everything, causing the fruits to wilt. But before they rot, Prana gushes into the fruits once again, revitalising them to the peak, followed by a wilting soon after, repeating the cycle for a million years.

And after the last cycle, the Parute Fruits wilt. But this time, they vanish. All their Prana has been absorbed into the tree which too begins to wilt.

The branches and roots wilt as the entirety of its essence is condensed in its stem, forming a seed. This was the Parute Seed. It could be planted anywhere. And when done so, the result would be a Parute Tree that was the king of its species.

Every single Parute Fruit it bore would generate one unit of Prana upon consumption, hundred times the effectiveness of regular fruit. But, its existence itself was dangerous, as the Parute King Tree's presence would be felt by every single existence in a ten-thousand-kilometre radius.

The strongest of Pranic Beasts would fight to gain ownership of it. If Blola were to plant it, he would lose ownership of it immediately. "But, even Resha didn't do that."

Smiling, Blola picked it up and threw it in his mouth, activating his Mystic Bone Art as he consumed the Parute Seed.

As Parute Fruits were valuable and could raise one's cultivation the fastest and safest, they were always consumed. There pretty much existed an owner for all Parute Trees. As the fruits were always consumed, the condition for the creation of a Parute Seed was never satisfied.

The sole exception was the one before him. And it only succeeded because it was located in the Ennoudu Plains, a region without any resources necessary to sustain life. Therefore, no living being lived in such a barren place.

The irony is that a Parute Seed that was created after no interaction for a million years was consumed immediately after.

Blola felt immense vitality fuse into his Prana as he began to digest the Parute Seed. The effect of the Parute Seed, upon consumption, was simple but overpowered.

It systematically raised one's cultivation. As long as Blola consumed food to generate Prana through the Mystic Bone Art, he would fill up his reserves. Once his reserves were full, any Prana he accumulates would pretty much be built atop that, into his Spirit Container, permanently increasing his Prana capacity.

With it, Blola would be able to accumulate Prana the fastest and without any effort. The Parute Seed would build up his Prana.

Accumulating Prana at a rapid pace would place too much pressure on the Spirit Container and even cause its collapse. But with the Secondary Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator, that too was taken care of.

These two effects synergised together and caused Resha to grow stronger at rocket speeds, pretty much how a Main Character did his thing.

A day later, Blola finished fusing the Parute Seed with his body, fully gaining its power, "From today onwards, my cultivation speed would be on par with Resha from the book. That means,"

He laughed raucously, "The Resha of this timeline wouldn't be able to keep up with my speed. The other reincarnates aren't even worth mentioning, hahaha!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 67 Duvara’s Mistake
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Shit! Shit! Shit! This is messed up!" A middle-aged man with reddened eyes rushed through a canyon, having transformed into a Shock Lizard. His serpentine lower half paddled through the water, allowing him to move quickly.

He was accompanied by seven other people. They had all transformed into a Shock Lizard, moving through the waters in an octagonal formation, their actions in unison.

In the centre of the formation was a box, sealed tight to ensure none of Prana, aura, sound, scent, etc. would leak out. There was a nozzle on one side, covered by a piece of porous bone, a Spirit Weapon whose entire job was to ensure circulation of air while filtering out the presence of the entity within.

The eight cultivators desperately rushed through the canyon, intending to survive. But their eyes said otherwise.

Anger! Sadness! Sense of Doom! And Disappointed in Themselves!

A multitude of emotions plagued their minds, wearing them thin. They had been on the run for a month already.

"This can't be true. If yes, then what are we fighting for?" The man at the forefront mumbled, losing his sanity, on the verge of madness, "This is messed u…"

"Duvara! To the front!" The woman next to him bellowed, also alerting her comrades. The group had arrived close to a Zinger colony, obviously garnering the latter's undivided attention.

A bunch of Zingers jumped from their position on the cliff and glided towards them, preparing Prana Bombs to chuck at the group.

Seeing their approach, the eight cultivators inhaled sharply and condensed Prana in their mouths before blasting out a bolt of Prana each.

Primary Nature—Prana Shock!

The bolts of Prana flew in the air. But unlike the Prana Shock typically unleashed by Mammoth Clansmen, these eight bolts synchronised with each other and combined into a single bolt, dozens of times larger.

It exploded, unleashing shockwaves that echoed throughout the canyon, unleashing eight waves in total, causing the Zingers to rain down from the sky, their bodies numb by the repeated shockwaves.

It was obvious that the group of cultivators were veterans with tremendous skill, capable of combining their Prana Natures to unleash an ability dozens of times more potent than their individual attacks.

As the Zingers rained down, the group evaded them and rushed through the water, accelerating. The bottom portion of the cage sported fourteen layers of bone, each the Spirit Weapon of one of the cultivators in the group.

Yes, fourteen. Their squad originally consisted of fourteen cultivators. But six were killed already. And the cause…

"YOU! BASTARDS! STOP!" A rage-filled shout reverberated throughout the canyon as a middle-aged man rushed through, transforming into a four-legged Pranic Beast that spanned a length of twenty metres.

It wasn't alone. Ten…twenty…hundred…the numbers continued to increase. The air in the region turned heavy with their killing intent as any Zinger that remained in their path was vaporised. They were all masters, after all.

The target of the masters was the group of eight rushing through the canyon. There were around 180 kilometres of distance between the two. But that distance didn't matter when they had amongst themselves masters who could transform into Pranic Beasts specialised in detection abilities.

They kept track of the group and gave chase, slowly closing in the distance. But every second of delay caused their killing intent to condense further.

The Zingers retreated in fear, knowing very well to avoid antagonising the raging crowd of masters that numbered in the hundreds.

The crowd of masters rushed past a mountain of Zingers, causing some that were hanging by the cliffs to foam at the mouth due to the killing intent, lose their footing and free fall to the ground.

"Kieeek!"

"Kuaak!"

The Zingers shrieked, turning restless by the activity. But they didn't even have time to calm down, as a couple of hours later, they noticed in the horizon, a dust cloud. It was akin to a monster that devoured everything in its path.

The Zingers were alarmed by the sight. In the colony was a Zinger King, the strongest of their kind, a mighty existence that could even face a Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast and emerge victorious.

But now, its fur stood on ends as the Zinger King felt the strongest dread it had ever experienced. It had the strongest eyesight among its brethren, capable of clearly observing things even a hundred kilometres afar.

The dust cloud wasn't the cause of its concern. No, it was merely an after-effect due to the cause. As the dust cloud reached Dieng Canyon, the mountains that came in contact crumbled, as if they were mere straw structures.

The collapsed mountains added to the dust cloud.

The Zinger King condensed Prana in its eyes and boosted its sight, peering through the thick layer of clouds. It regretted its decision, despairing as it uttered a weak cry, "Kua!"

Its voice was soft, but all the Zingers in the colony heard it loud and clear. In an instant, they assumed the highest state of panic and jumped over the cliff en masse, gliding deeper into the canyon at their fastest speed.

The Zinger King didn't join them as it remained still. And then, like a human, it prostrated on the ground, "Uwaa!"

Its actions were akin to a mortal worshipping a Deity, for what was within the dust cloud was an existence more corporeal than Deities.

It was a herd of sprinting, rage-induced, bloodthirsty Empyrean Tusks, numbering 62 in total. Their trunks hoisted, ready for war, unleashing shockwaves that destroyed entire mountains and turned them into dust that accompanied their charge.

The raging Empyrean Tusk herd rushed through the Dieng Canyon, levelling everything in their way, forging a path of their own, one hundreds of kilometres wide, practically terraforming the landscape of the historical region.

Before the dust cloud even approached it, the shockwaves from the Empyrean Tusk herd's trumpeting vaporised the Zinger King's body. As for its brethren that had taken flight? They too were the same, not even able to let out a cry before their bodies turned into blood mist.

The shockwaves travelled forth, levelling everything. Pranic Beasts, mountains, rivers, nothing mattered. Everything was destroyed in a fit of rage as the Empyrean Tusk herd charged, chasing after the group of eight cultivators that were running away.

The reason was simple. In the cage securely being transported by the group of eight cultivators was a newborn Empyrean Tusk. The herd that lost their newborn chased after the kidnappers.

And the leader of these kidnappers was a distraught man named Duvara, Resha's father. His actions triggered an entire herd of Empyrean Tusks and the associated Mammoth Clan into a frenzy, and a mere side effect of their actions caused a chain reaction throughout Dieng Canyon.

The product of that was the First Major Disaster.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 68 Prime Skills
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"They're closing in on us." The one that shouted was Lahena, Resha's mother. She was in charge of scouting and supplying the group with Prana. Hovering next to her was an Eight-Storey Storage Lantern. At a thought from her, it reverted to its original size as the door on the third floor opened, causing Parute Fruits to spill out like a stream.

Lahena used her Prana to split the Parute Fruits into eight streams and fed them to everyone in the group. She munched and swallowed her portion, hurriedly activating the Mystic Bone Art to convert them into Prana.

"What's the distance?" Duvara asked, experiencing pain throughout his body, for he had overextended his transformation duration. His Spirit Container was under significant pressure, beginning to sport cracks. He looked at his team members, 'Dammit! All of us are in a similar state. Can we throw off our pursuers and somehow return to the settlement?'

"175…174…no, it's already 173 Kilometres. They're approaching fast!" Lahena said in a fluster, "They're all masters, so their speed is indeed superior to ours."

"There's only one way left then," Duvara expressed a moment's hesitation before gritting his teeth, "I'm sorry, everyone. We can be condemned for all history. But our settlement's future rides on this."

"Say the word, Duvara. We're all in on this." Vuya, the woman next to Lahena sported a determined expression. She was Virala's mother, "We're all prepared to sacrifice ourselves."

"No, I'm not talking about us." Duvara sighed, "Bora Tusk sent us on this mission. We accepted it knowing very well what's at stake. Sacrificing our lives isn't an issue."

He faced back and stared in the direction of the approach taken by their pursuers, "But not them. We're robbing their future. They too are Mammoth Clansmen. So, I can feel their pain. I just…wish to apologise for what we're about to do next."

"They'll never forgive us, Duvara." Mya, Orakha's mother stated calmly. She was at the back of the group, staring at the cage containing the baby Empyrean Tusk in desperation, "No matter what, this should reach our Clan. Give the orders, Duvara!"

"I'm grateful, everyone. Once I deliver the baby Empyrean Tusk to our Clan, I'll join you guys." Duvara shed tears as he stared at a man and woman that were at the back of the octagonal formation, "Apar and Mya, please lay down your lives for our future."

"We'll be glad to do so." Apar, Yennda's father saluted as he broke out of the formation and rushed into an adjacent ravine on their left. At the same time, Mya broke out and rushed into the ravine on their right.

Apar sensed the team rush past him as he arrived at a halt before a mountain, staring at the densely populated Zinger colony, sighing in relief upon sensing a Zinger King's presence among them, 'There's a Zinger King here. It means this colony has a sizeable military. It's enough to give our pursuers a headache.'

"My Deity, the Empyrean Tusk, as a humble servant of yours, I pledge my everything." At his words, his Mystic Bone Art flared up and consumed him, "My flesh, my mind, my soul, consume everything and transform it into Prana for one final push!"

In a matter of seconds, his body shrivelled up until even his bones were combusted, losing all their mass. His lifeforce was wholly consumed while he lost his sanity. His entirety was channelled into his Primary Nature, combining it with a Skill to unleash a brand-new effect, mutating his Prana Shock.

Prime Skill—Acoustic Shock!

By fusing a Skill into a Primary Nature, the cultivator can alter the effects of the Primary Nature into something deadlier. The result was termed Prime Skill. Only the best of the best among cultivators would reach such a level, a rarity even among Mammoth Clansmen.

The eight cultivators of the group that were alive and their six dead members had attained such a level. That was why they were dispatched by Bora Tusk on a secret mission to return with a baby Empyrean Tusk.

And other than Bora Tusk, these fourteen cultivators were the only ones that knew about Gannala's ageing self.

All that remained of Apar was his skin that plopped on the ground. Everything else of his being had been consumed, resulting in a shining sphere of Prana that floated high up in the air, reaching a kilometre in altitude.

It pulsated, unleashing eight waves in total. The energy waves became high-pitched sounds, grating to one's senses to the extent that their Spirit Containers rattled. The waves spread in a conical form, traversing more than ten kilometres before they became too dispersed to be effective.

But that was enough, for they had enveloped three mountains in their effect.

"Kieek!" The Zingers shrieked at the sound, irritated by it as they lost their sanity, leaping from their mountain to fly away. To avoid the effects of the sound waves, they wished to move away from the source and hence flew in the same direction as the waves' propagation.

After all, the farther they fled from the source, the weaker the waves became. They had instinctively done so, for the sounds turned them insane, unable to entertain cognitive thoughts. And in the direction they fled towards were the charging Mammoth Clansmen masters whose Empyrean Tusk baby had been stolen.

Apar's actions caused almost 40,000 Zingers to flee. Mya had better positioning and hence was able to make more than 50,000 Zingers flee. The two groups joined into a wave that proceeded towards the charging masters.

The canyon was filled with them, slowing down the masters.

"Destroy these bastards!" A master at the forefront commanded coldly, unwilling to slow down for even a moment and allow the poachers to flee further, "Kill everything in our way."

The masters rained attacks on the Zingers, causing a bloody battle to break out.

"Two hundred kilometres." Lahena said in tears, "That's all we bought from their sacrifice. The masters have begun closing the gap once again."

"Guess it's our turn." Banna, Grehha's mother said, arriving at a stop in a narrow ravine.

Accompanying her was Roha, Blola's father. The duo sacrificed themselves in the same manner as Apar and Mya. But the effects of their ability were slightly different.

Two blinding spheres of Prana were created that each seeped into the cliff walls and vanished. Even the Zingers there stared in confusion, wondering why nothing happened. But what they didn't know was that these abilities were timer based, capable of masking their existence until they went off.

After some time passed, the group of masters rushed through the narrow canyon. And right at that moment, there was a spike in Prana.

The timer had been set up based on the speed of their approach. Since the masters were efficient and consistent in their pursuit, the calculation was perfect. And at the perfect moment, the two abilities went off.

Prime Skill—Land Shock!

Shockwaves travelled throughout the two mountains at their resonant frequency, fracturing them to bits. Massive chunks of earth from the two mountains fell into the narrow canyon, covering it entirely.

The masters were buried underneath.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 69 Shock Rail
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Dammit!" A Pranic Beast twelve metres in length drilled out of the layer of earth it was buried under, bloodied. With a grunt, it reverted to its human form, revealing a middle-aged man that oozed out uncontrolled rage.

Blood dripped out of his head; he was injured in a lot of areas. His Prana circulated, beginning to heal the injuries. He turned around and saw Pranic Beasts drill out one after another, "No one died, right?"

"All masters are alive, but a lot have been injured."

"We don't have time, let's give chase. Those bastards are almost out of our detection range." The middle-aged man said and transformed into his Pranic Beast form, "Everyone! Get on my back and focus on healing yourselves. I'll be burning up my lifeforce to raise my speed to the limit."

The Pranic Beast sprinted through the canyon, carrying hundreds of masters on its back. It travelled for two hundred kilometres before dropping dead. The masters on its back had healed themselves enough by now.

Without a moment's hesitation, they jumped off and began sprinting.

In the meantime, using the time Banna and Roha had bought for them, Gahar and Vuya were working at their top speed.

They had halted at a point in the canyon that was downstream. There was an inclined slop following that, traversing for a long distance.

Gahar was Inala's father while Vuya was Virala's mother. The duo killed all the Zingers in the vicinity and refined their bones to create a large wall that they inserted into the ground at the entrance of the canyon flowing between the two mountains.

These mountains were pretty wide, spanning twenty to thirty kilometres. Therefore, the stretch of the canyon within it was long while the slope accumulated over the distance. The conditions were perfect to make a dam, which was what they did here.

The dam gate reached a height of four hundred metres, causing the canyon water to accumulate behind it. Due to the slope, the water quickly reached a decent depth, building up pressure on the dam wall.

As they had hurriedly built it, the wall wasn't strong enough to handle the accumulating water pressure. But that was fine, for they only needed it to last for a short while anyway. Once it was completed, the duo coated it with a layer of soil.

They made a great job in making it resemble part of the cliff.

"If there's an afterlife, we'll meet there." Saying so, Vuya jumped behind the dam wall and entered the water. She expended her being and collapsed as a mere bag of skin, resulting in a glowing sphere of Prana that merged into the dam wall.

In the meantime, Gahar covered the wet soil with dry soil, masking the region of all traces of there being water there. In the meantime, after the water level reached enough height thanks to the dam and filled up the canyon, water began to overflow from the upstream entrance.

This water flowed around the two mountains and converged at a spot five kilometres downstream from the dam wall and continued its flow. Now, when viewed from high up, it would seem like the stream split into two due to the two mountains and rejoined further downwards, appearing natural.

This entire setup made it seem as if the stretch of five kilometres from the node—where the two streams joined—to the dam wall was dry land. And beyond the wall was merely a ravine and not a canyon.

That was their goal. And it was executed flawlessly. They were selected for the mission for a reason.

As Gahar stood in the dry spot two kilometres away from the dam wall, he used the Mystic Bone Art to manipulate the bones of Zingers he had killed, creating a long barrel whose interior was grooved. His goal was to unleash an attack beyond his cultivation capabilities. And when he intended to do so, an idea came to mind instinctively, originating from a concept he was unaware of.

He didn't know whether or not such a concept existed, but instinctively, he was confident of its success, a strange feeling.

Following that, he created a metre-long cylindrical piece of bone with one end being hemispherical.

It was a bone bullet.

Gahar calmly loaded the bone bullet in the barrel and infused Prana into it until the limit. He took out an Elixir from his pocket and sighed at its appearance, "I wanted to gift it to Inala if I managed to return. Unfortunately, it doesn't seem likely."

As he prepared to die, a powerful instinct enveloped him, causing strange words to waft out of his mouth, the meaning unknown, but the sentiment originated from the depths of his consciousness.

"My son, I hope you succeed." His expression was solemn, sad even, his eyes moist, "Our Clan's future is riding on you. We truly sacrificed a lot to achieve that trip."

The Elixir settled in his Spirit Container, allowing him to break through to the Life Stage. Immediately in response, his Prana achieved a qualitative upgrade as Gahar exhaled softly.

As a master, his eyes focused upon the figures of the pursuers that were visible now, only a dozen kilometres away, "We're from the same Clan, but I'm sorry. I have to do this. After all, your deaths won't mean much for the Mammoth Clan's future. But my son's would. And for him to survive, our ownership of the baby Empyrean Tusk is a necessity."

"He'll be the one to prevent the Mammoth Clan's annihilation." As he spoke, faint images flickered in his head, like the initial drizzle of rain. As the seconds passed, the images became frequent, before soon, it was like a storm as an entire life's worth of memories surged in him, causing him to smile warmly, "Ahh, the fact that I can remember everything means my end's arrived."

"My son, I'll pray for you from the other side." Gahar's body shrivelled up until only his skin remained. All his power surged into the bone bullet as it shot forward, rotating thanks to the rifling in the barrel.

It blasted forth, creating a vapour cone as it broke through the speed of sound, heading towards the approaching masters at hypersonic speeds.

"What the…" One of the masters muttered in shock as everyone instinctively took on their Pranic Beast forms and raised their defence to the maximum.

The bone bullet slammed into the closest master and penetrated his body easily. A vapour cone bloomed once again as its speed dropped to sonic levels, resulting in shockwaves that sent the nearby masters slamming into the cliff walls.

Like bowling pins, they were smacked away, with those in the bullet's path shredded without resistance. The cause was simple. Every second, hundreds of minor explosions occurred behind the bone bullet, propelling it, causing it to accelerate even when it slammed into targets repeatedly.

Prime Skill—Shock Rail!

Boom!

Forty masters lost their lives directly to the bullet while the rest sustained grave injuries, incapacitated for the time being. But that wasn't the end.

The walls of the dam exploded, making the high-pressured water behind—one that had almost stacked to a height of four hundred metres—rush out like a tsunami. It drowned the masters, further adding to their injuries as they were washed away for tens of kilometres.

Many masters had fallen unconscious due to the outpour while the conscious ones fought to protect everyone. After all, their current situation was different from their initial, unstoppable selves. Therefore…

"Kuugugukakaka!" The Zingers began targeting them.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 70 The Madman, Blola
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I can't sense the pursuers anymore," Lahena said in pain as she stared at her husband, Duvara. From the original fourteen, they had been reduced to a mere two. "This is happening again…"

"Again? What do you mean by that?" Duvara asked in confusion, losing focus as his Spirit Container was on the verge of shattering.

"I'm…not sure." Lahena frowned, "It feels like I've been through this situation once already."

"Don't be foolish." Duvara grunted, "We need to hurry and bring the baby Empyrean Tusk to our Clan."

"Wait!" Lahena stopped suddenly, shrieking, "There's a Mammoth Clansman before us."

"What? How?" Duvara was stunned, "How did they catch up so quickly?"

"No, this one seems different." Lahena frowned, "He's only at the Spirit Stage."

"Spirit Stage?" Duvara looked around and noticed the Zingers calmly staring at them from the cliffs, "Out here? Alone?"

Duvara and Lahena were considered malnourished targets. The amount of Prana in them was very little. It wasn't worth the effort for a Zinger to target them. The trip it makes would be more expensive than whatever it could get from them.

That was why the two remained safe until now. Of course, they also had the strength to block any stray attacks from Zingers that thought otherwise. But that was because they were both at the peak of the Body Stage. Everyone from their team was similar.

Despite that, their numbers had been reduced to a mere two. And to think someone at the Spirit Stage roamed the Dieng Canyon alone? That was no different from flirting with death.

"He's coming!" Lahena said and stared at the corner of a mountain, her gaze turning from nervousness to shock before soon, she was excited, "Blola!"

"Blola?" Duvara was surprised, "That child is here? Did he come for us? Did he find out about our mission somehow?"

The duo quickly made their way towards Blola as Lahena stared at the latter in astonishment, "Brat! Why are you out here? Did something happen to the Clan?"

"You are…?" Blola acted like he couldn't recognise them but still expressed that they were familiar.

At his expression, Lahena introduced themselves, "I'm Resha's mother and this is his father."

"Aunty Lahena and Uncle Duvara?" Blola's eyes widened in shock, "You were alive? But the Clan said you were missing in action."

"We weren't dead, as you can see." Lahena said and got to the crux of the matter, "What are you doing out here though?"

"Training!" Blola stated as he flashed a pose, "I chanced upon a fortuitous encounter and took it."

"Fortuitous encounter?" Duvara focused on Blola, muttering in surprise, "You're on the verge of entering the Body Stage? Your Prana also feels robust. I never felt something like this before."

"Told you," Blola grinned, "Anyway, I had just finished my training and was about to return to the Clan. It's luck that I chanced upon you, uncle, aunt."

"Let me escort you safely."

"You know a way?" Lahela asked.

"I know a safe zone." Blola said proudly, "Otherwise, how do you think I survived here for so long? I can lead us directly to the Ennoudu Plains. We only need to track the herd's footprints after that and we'll join them in three months tops."

After travelling for two days, Blola brought them to a mountain. There was a boulder there. With a tug of his Prana, the boulder moved aside, revealing a dome-like cave.

There was a pond inside, and hovering on it was something that resembled a boat. Pointing at it, Blola said, "We need to travel upstream now, but don't worry. There are enough provisions along the way."

"A submarine?" Duvara muttered upon staring at the boat.

"What's that?" Lahena frowned, experiencing a migraine in response.

"I'm…not sure." Duvara muttered, "That word popped into my head the moment I stared at it."

For a moment, Blola was petrified upon hearing the word. But he regained his bearing and brought them to the boat. It was shaped like a bullet with the rear end protruding like a cup.

As Blola approached it, the hatch opened, revealing a neat interior, stunning Lahena and Duvara.

"Aunt, is that container important?" Blola asked, "There's enough space in the boat, but the added weight would slow us down."

"It's important." Lahena nodded, "Sorry, I cannot reveal the details to you, Blola. I hope you understand my reason."

"I'm almost an adult." Blola patted his chest, "I can of course understand."

"He grew up well." Lahena whispered as she stared at Blola's back, "I wonder how Resha's doing now."

"Our son too would have grown to become a spectacular cultivator."

Once everyone entered the boat, the hatch closed as Blola pedalled using his legs, causing the boat to move slowly.

"You're using your legs?" Duvara frowned.

"Of course," Blola nodded, "That's how I'm building up my strength. I can use my Prana if you wish to speed up. But first,"

He opened the hatch once the boat entered the narrow stream, pointing at the moss growing on the tunnel walls, "That's my fortuitous encounter."

"Spirit Moss?" Duvara inhaled sharply, immediately able to understand how Blola managed to forge such a robust foundation. But upon seeing Blola ignore the Spirit Moss and continue pedalling, he shouted, "Wait! Wait! Wait! Why are you not taking it?"

"Uncle, there's Spirit Moss throughout this entire stretch." Blola laughed, "From here to Ennoudu Plains. There's more than what we can consume. I have been eating enough Spirit Moss to become fed up with it. So, no need to worry. Please rest. The both of you seem tired."

"We can collect as much Spirit Moss as we want once we near the exit. That would decrease the weight we need to carry now."

"I see," Duvara nodded as he slumped on his seat and sighed in relaxation, feeling safe. The moment he realised that they were past the storm, all the accumulated exhaustion set in at once.

"Uncle, aunt, here!" Saying so, Blola handed them a bag full of Spirit Moss, "Consuming them helps replenish your Prana. Sleep after having your fill. I'll be paddling in the meantime."

"Perfect!" Lahena laughed in joy, "It's just what I wanted."

Lahena and Duvara had their fill of Spirit Moss and activated Mystic Bone Art, mending their damaged Spirit Containers. But they had been on the run for a month, relying upon excessive consumption of Parute Fruits to keep fleeing.

Therefore, a few minutes after they consumed the Spirit Moss, their eyes drooped. And soon enough, they were deep asleep. What they weren't aware of was the presence of a sleep-inducing agent on the Spirit Moss. The quantity was faint but was potent enough thanks to their exhaustion.

The boat stopped as Blola wore a mask and placed an open vial before Duvara and Lahena. It was the sleep-inducing agent. To ensure they wouldn't wake up, he was just doubling down on the effort.

Upon confirming that they wouldn't wake up, Blola revealed a wide grin and took out a spindle-shaped Spirit Weapon, causing it to hover before Duvara's forehead, gently making contact, "Don't hold this against me, Resha."

The spindle whirred in response and drilled forward.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 71 Blola Becomes an Empyrean Tusk
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"That was anticlimactic," Blola muttered upon staring at the bloody interior of his boat. There was a gaping hole on the foreheads of both Duvara and Lahena. "They never suspected me even once. Well, I can understand that since they would have braved through a lot of fights while transporting the baby Empyrean Tusk."

Blola inspected the corpses of the two, finding only one item. He grinned in excitement, "It's here. In Sumatra Chronicles, they gifted it to Resha on the night before they mysteriously committed suicide."

Eight-Storey Storage Lantern!

One of the highest grades of Storage Lanterns manufactured by the Mammoth Clan. It was something only the Settlement Leader possessed. Not only was it expensive to create, but it was also a display of authority.

Whenever the Settlement Leader changes, this Eight-Storey Storage Lantern too would swap hands. And the one before him was Bora Tusk's prized treasure.

"It was mentioned in the story that Bora Tusk gave it to Resha's parents to help their efforts in securing an Empyrean Tusk. Well, considering how they succeeded, it seems Settlement Leader trusts their skill that much. Well, not that I care, since it's mine from today onwards." Saying so, Blola grabbed the Storage Lantern and slung it to his hip.

Since it had Lahena's imprint, Blola wouldn't be able to access its contents. But he had a solution to it already. His prana seeped into Lahena's corpse and began to morph it, causing her flesh, blood, and Prana to seep into her bones.

Using the Mystic Bone Art, he refined her body into a hand, "If there's an irony, it's this."

What Blola was doing was a Skill Resha created in Sumatra Chronicles. Of course, it was impossible without the Secondary Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator. Resha used that as the base to create the Skill.

It was easy to replicate once Blola obtained his Secondary Nature. All he had to do was repeat a certain action by activating his Secondary Nature and voila, he gained the Skill. This was one of those easy-to-learn Skills, with the hardest requirements being a set criterion—Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator.

The skeletal hand gently touched the Storage Tower as Blola seeped Prana into it. The skeletal hand absorbed his Prana and converted it to Lahena's Prana signature, instantly granting access to the Storage Tower.

Following that, he changed ownership from Lahela to himself, becoming the Eight-Storey Storage Tower's owner.

His eyes then fell upon the cage, "Now, for the main dish."

Blola used Lahena's skeletal hand to touch the cage. Using her Prana signature, he unlocked the cage, causing it to open, revealing the entity inside.

A baby Empyrean Tusk barely a metre tall, lacking an exoskeleton. It was in a state of deep sleep, remaining peaceful. At the sight, a lurching sensation enveloped Blola, causing his heart to feel emotionally pained.

Blola slammed his hand onto his chest a couple of times, "Is the Mystic Bone Art acting up? I see, I understand now. It is a cultivation technique created by the Empyrean Tusks after all. And at the sight of a baby Empyrean Tusk, it's screaming at me to protect it."

"All Mammoth Clansmen would feel the same way, a systematic brainwashing of sorts that had been maintained for generations. The effects are now instinctual." Blola muttered calmly as he positioned a spindle on its stomach, making it drill without any hesitation, "But not for me."

Duvara had placed the baby Empyrean Tusk under a spell, keeping it asleep to avoid it causing a scene. After all, even its softest cries acted as a beacon, alerting every single Empyrean Tusk in a ten-thousand-kilometre radius.

It was something similar to a hive mind, an ability only baby Empyrean Tusks possessed. They could innately request the help of every adult Empyrean Tusk when feeling threatened. Therefore, it was best to keep one asleep.

And that worked to Blola's benefit as he drilled into its body and extracted its heart, swallowing it immediately.

Boom!

Prana surged in his body as Blola attempted a breakthrough, fusing his hundred Spirit Containers into a unified whole. His Fragment Disease flared up, but instead of destroying his body, it absorbed the concentrated essence available in the baby Empyrean Tusk's heart.

Blola's bloodline awakened as his Spirit Container transformed into an Empyrean Tusk. A surge of lifeforce settled in him, elevating him into a higher existence, "Hahahahaha! I can live for 2000 years now!"

His Spirit Container's Prana Capacity was now a whopping 8398 units. That means, by the time he reaches the peak of the Body Stage, he'll possess 8398 Prana. No Mammoth Clansmen would even come close to him.

Now that he obtained everything he needed, Blola observed the baby Empyrean Tusk's corpse and touched its barely protruding tusks, "Hmm, it's useless. They haven't even begun developing, so I can't use them to build my body."

Blola pedalled the boat back to the pond and set the baby Empyrean Tusk's body on the tiny island. He scattered Duvara's body parts on the island. He had set aside Lahena's heart while refining her body before. And now, he threw the organ next to the Empyrean Tusk, "Next, to erase my involvement."

He didn't have to do anything for that other than to imprint the image of a boar on the baby Empyrean Tusk corpse's tiny, developing tusks. "Upon seeing this, they'll conclude the killer to be the Boar King."

Blola inserted Prana into his boat and began to move upstream, using a Spirit Weapon to collect as much Spirit Moss as he could. Since he had a Storage Lantern to store them, he wouldn't waste such an opportunity.

Two days later, Blola had travelled a long distance, having also collected as much Spirit Moss as possible. He filled all the empty floors of the Storage Lantern with them. And as he continued travelling, he waited, "Anytime now."

Blola shut the hatch and braced himself for impact. In the past two days, he swallowed large mouthfuls of Parute Fruits, having built his Prana to three hundred units already. That was the limit his Spirit Container could bear, hence he stopped there.

Primary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

Blola never felt this strong in life. As he waited patiently, a shockwave slammed into the back of his boat, launching it forth like a bullet thanks to its design. The boat rode the shockwave and flew at frightening speeds through the tunnel.

The aerodynamic grooves on its surface caused it to spin, thereby reducing air resistance as it bolted through. Even though it spun at terrifying speeds, thanks to his Primary Nature, Blola was perfectly fine, not feeling any shock. "They're crying."

The raging herd of Empyrean Tusks had discovered the corpse of their newborn. And upon seeing the Boar King's crest, they cried in rage. The shockwaves from their cries travelled through the tunnel, launching the boat like a bullet through a gun's barrel.

His Prana was consumed rapidly to negate all shockwaves that slammed into his body. Thankfully for his preparations, he barely had enough. And when only three units of Prana remained in his body, the boat flew out of the tunnel and crashed into barren land, crumbling into dust.

Blola rolled out and gasped as he lay down, staring at the sky, "A distance that I travelled for six months…I covered it in three days."

After an hour of rest, Blola consumed some Spirit Moss from the Storage Lantern and recovered his Prana. Once he was ready, he stared at the deep footprints on the ground leading into Dieng Canyon, "I should be able to catch up to my settlement while they're slowed down by the First Major Disaster."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 72 A Dying Gannala
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The 44th Empyrean Tusk proceeded in its respective position—the last row, left column—in the herd. But unlike the others, its steps were a beat slower. Moreover, from time to time, it almost stumbled. If not for its Primary Nature, such a stumble would have created an earthquake throughout the settlement.

Buildings would have collapsed, all items would have shattered, and cultivators would have sustained grievous injuries. But Internal Inertial Gravity protected everyone and everything, maintaining the status quo of stability.

Of course, not even that could stop the worries of Bora Tusk. He stood at the entrance of the Settlement, positioning himself on the spot between the trunk and the head.

His eyes were red and leaking nonstop out of it were tears. He was unable to control his grief, experiencing an emotion a thousand times worse than when his closest family member died.

After all, highlighted in his vision was the trunk of the 44th Empyrean Tusk. And jutting beside it on either side, sharp and menacing were the pair of tusks, touted to be their toughest body part, and the symbol of pride for both an Empyrean Tusk and Mammoth Clansmen.

When a Mammoth Clansman proved their worth, they were rewarded with bone powder generated from the tusk. It was voluntarily shed off every year by the Empyrean Tusk for the Clan's betterment. The cultivators that consumed this bone powder and fused it into their Spirit Container were able to forge the toughest Pranic Beast bodies for their transformation at the Body Stage.

And from now on, that would become a thing of the past.

As he stared in absolute grief, cracks developed on the 44th Empyrean Tusk's left tusk. And with every minute, the cracks widened. Soon, a piece of bone, barely a metre in size broke off from the left tusk and fell to the ground.

It produced a crisp sound upon impact. Originally, due to its sheer weight, a piece of bone from the tusk, when falling from such a height would be akin to a meteor strike. It would create a massive crater spanning at least thirty to fifty metres in radius.

The piece of bone wouldn't even sustain a single scratch. After all, in terms of weight, a tusk piece around a metre would weigh thousands of tonnes. The effects of Internal Inertial Gravity would exist within it, making it tremendously heavy and ridiculously tough.

But now, the fallen piece shattered, crumbling into tiny pieces the size of dust. The sound too wasn't loud. The crater barely covered a metre, and even that was shallow. Upon impact, the piece of bone splashed out like a liquid.

Yes, it was that brittle. As evidenced by Mammoth Clansmen with Fragment Disease, an Empyrean Tusk's bones were brittle. It was only the addition of Internal Inertial Gravity that made them the toughest of materials in Sumatra.

And the fact that a piece of bone fell off from the tusk was a clear sign. It was the start of Gannala's death. Her Internal Inertial Gravity was beginning to wane in strength, unable to maintain structural integrity. Little by little, just as her tusks crumbled, she too would follow suit.

"Why? There was still a year's time." Bora Tusk trembled, despairing, "Why now?"

But, he couldn't even cry peacefully, for a Prana Bomb slammed into his face. His hands grabbed the Prana Bomb and ripped it apart forcefully, peeling it alongside a layer of his skin.

And with a tug of his hand, the Prana Bomb shattered, oozing out the fluid from within. "These fuckers!"

He looked around, spotting at least thirty to forty thousand Zingers near the Empyrean Tusk's head alone. The number of Zingers hovering around the entire body was many times higher.

He gazed to his right, noticing a similar number of Zingers on the 43rd Empyrean Tusk.

Bora Tusk stared forward, observing the backs of the 42nd and 41st Empyrean Tusks, "The number of Zingers on our two settlements is at least thrice the rest. The Zingers are treating us as a joke…no, I'm sure they are aware by now."

Such relentless attacks had already taken a toll on their forces. Even though deaths on their sides had been minimal, the loss was exorbitant. They were losing out Prana too fast to the Zingers.

The increased attacks by the Zingers had worsened Gannala's condition. Now, she was struggling to keep up with the herd. As her strength waned, her tusks, the symbol of her strength, began to crack and shatter bit by bit.

And with every piece of the tusk that fell, Bora's sanity too slipped away, "My home…my Deity…is dying."

"AAARGGHHHH!"

He cried for an entire day before turning around to enter the settlement. He had banned the Mammoth Clansmen from exiting the settlement. The only ones allowed to exit were the masters.

The masters had realised the truth by now, especially after seeing the crumbling tusk. As a result, they were put in charge of protecting the head and trunk areas.

"Duvara, how long…how long must I wait?" Bora Tusk muttered, "My Deity is dying. Without her, our Clan is done for."

As long as Duvara returned with a baby Empyrean Tusk, an initiation ceremony could be conducted where Gannala would transfer her memories, character, and presence to the newborn. This way, the newborn would become the new Gannala and uphold tradition as the 44th Empyrean Tusk.

That was how Empyrean Tusks passed down their inheritance. And one part of the inheritance was the immune system—Mammoth Clansmen.

The imprint on the Mammoth Clansmen showing their origin as Gannala's immune system would be transferred to the new Empyrean Tusk. Meaning, they could live on the new Empyrean Tusk without issues.

Without a newborn Deity to accept them, Bora Tusk and his people had no future. And without Gannala, they wouldn't have the mental strength to fight for a future. In Sumatra, that was a death sentence.

Slowly, Bora Tusk arrived at the channel leading to the heart, eventually making way to a path restricted to everyone except the Settlement Leader. It was a node on the Empyrean Tusk's aorta, one that an Empyrean Tusk bestowed upon the Settlement Leader as their Spirit Weapon.

Through it, the Settlement Leader would be able to feel the Empyrean Tusk's thoughts. As they couldn't communicate with each other, this was the only way the Mammoth Clan could coordinate with the intentions of the Empyrean Tusk.

Bora Tusk placed his hand on the Spirit Weapon, feeling blood rush under its exterior. When he did this in the past, he would feel a rush of excitement upon hearing the rumbling sounds that were akin to an entire ocean flowing like a stream.

The blood would contain enough lifeforce to birth a million Mammoth Clansmen and not even feel the consumption. It was a clear display of an Empyrean Tusk's grandeur, a Pranic Beast titled unmatchable, akin to the Heavens. But that too was a thing of the past now.

The blood flowing now was merely a trickle. The rushing sounds were barely a hundredth of before. And worst of all, as Bora Tusk observed the blood, all he could do was sigh. Yes, sigh. He resigned himself to his fate.

After all, the lifeforce in it was diluted. Gannala's blood had lost enough of its qualities that it almost resembled plain water.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 73 Two Reasons for an Accelerated Death
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There were two primary reasons for Gannala's current state. The first cause was the increased attacks by the Zingers, resulting in too much of her Prana reserves being stolen. Due to that, she had to overexert herself to consume more food.

All that did was strain her digestive system beyond the limit, as a result worsening her body's condition. An Empyrean Tusk consumed everything, from earth to trees to Pranic Beasts. Its organs were able to extract all necessary substances from the consumed food.

The Empyrean Tusk wasn't merely a living creature but was a biome. But that didn't mean it could consume everything wantonly. It still needed to spend time and effort to digest everything and assimilate the products into its body, just as a human did to food.

Therefore, overconsumption only strains the digestive system. Gannala was forced to do so because her reserves were drying up faster than she could produce. To upkeep her body functions and ensure the Mammoth Clan could survive, Gannala had no other choice. If she didn't do so, she would have shrivelled up and died, bringing down the Mammoth Clan with her too.

This was the first reason for the acceleration of her ageing, pushing her death a lot forward in time. The second reason was a lot more personal and had been voluntarily chosen by Gannala.

"It's finally done," Resha muttered as he stared at his hand and clenched it into a fist, sensing the explosive power contained within. "I'm hundreds of times stronger than the me at this point in my past life."

Having been living in the Empyrean Tusk's heart for the past nine months, absorbing the purest of essence from Gannala's blood, Resha succeeded in awakening his bloodline. But that wasn't all. He went a step above his past life's accumulation, obtaining abilities that were a level beyond what he attained at his peak.

But the cost of that was tremendous. Even Gannala struggled to endure the required resources. The consequence of that was her blood almost becoming water, absorbed of all its power.

Gannala was aware that she would die. Her death meant the lack of a future for her people. As a result, she actively supported her children—Mammoth Clansmen with the Fragment Disease—in their endeavours.

All the resources she accumulated would go to waste at her death. Hence, she used it up on her children, helping them further their paths. That would create a future better than what she saw through the reincarnates and Resha.

The one that received the most of her support, consuming the majority of Gannala's resources was none other than Resha.

After all, once he entered the Body Stage, he needed to build his Spirit Container into a Pranic Beast. As his Pranic Beast body was that of an Empyrean Tusk, the resources he required were astronomical.

Through the Empyrean Tusk's blood that was being pumped by the heart, Resha absorbed all the resources dissolved in the blood, right at the source. Thereby, he had progressed a good portion in the Body Stage.

'It took me a century to reach the end of the Body Stage in my previous life.' Resha sighed. Once he completed his body, he entered the Life Stage, obtaining a cultivation of the 2-Life Stage. Everyone that reached the Life Stage started at that point, for every addition of life was the creation of another body.

To complete the 2-Life Stage, he would have to build a second Empyrean Tusk body. But by then, the Mammoth Clan had suffered disastrous losses. There just weren't enough resources available for anyone, not to mention the astronomical sum he required.

And when he faced the Boar King, Resha was merely at the 2-Life Stage. Yes, he faced the pinnacle of cultivation existence with a cultivation that had merely entered the Life Stage. It was no wonder he was killed without even being able to scratch the other party.

Though, even if he was at the peak of the Life Stage, injuring the Boar King was questionable. The opponent was pretty much a broken character.

"In this life, I have saved at least seven decades' worth of cultivation," Resha muttered. He was seventy percent done building his body. As long as he finished it, he could protect his Clan during the First Major Disaster.

Even now, he built his body strategically. At his current accumulation, though incomplete, he could transform into an Empyrean Tusk and fight. "Just the last segment is left. But,"

He felt worried, seeing how resource-barren the blood had gotten, "Did I absorb too much?"

"No, this is the only way to ensure as many of my Clansmen survive the disaster." He gritted his teeth and continued to cultivate. Even though the efficiency had dropped tremendously due to the lack of resources, he still absorbed whatever was left in the blood that entered the Empyrean Tusk's heart.

The other individual who had absorbed a significant portion of the resources lived in a house at the back end of the settlement, alone.

The lone house looked as abandoned as before, having no trace of anyone living in it. In one of the rooms though existed a small door hidden behind a shelf, barely wide enough to crawl through. The space behind it was only large enough for a person to fit in while they made themselves as small as possible.

Only someone with flexible joints could even hope to settle within.

But Gannala used her power to enlarge the space, creating a room where Inala had been cultivating for the past nine months. Currently, he remained seated under a waterfall of blood that poured down into the room and washed him from top to bottom.

It left through a drain at the corner and was circulated by Gannala. Most of her remaining pure blood had been reserved for Inala, to the extent her Primary Nature couldn't be sustained properly. As a result, she ignored her tusks, the symbol of her pride, causing them to shatter.

Gannala was fixated on strengthening her children to the limit, and Inala was the one that received her second-highest favour, only behind Resha. In terms of personal bias, she favoured Inala the most, vastly ahead of any of her children.

There were obvious reasons for it, one of them being able to talk to him all the time. Having kept up the conversations for so long, Inala condensed the experience into a Skill.

Thanks to that, Gannala's tail slaps became a language similar to Morse Code, allowing them to communicate. The language was empirical at best, only allowing simple communication, but it still brought her joy, for she loved to talk to her children.

Before this, she could only converse with her children like Grehha and Virala once, when they satisfied stringent requirements. And each time, it took a toll on her, for she bore the burden. Otherwise, the bodies of Grehha and Virala would have exploded.

Only with Inala could she communicate without any stress and strain, so he was her favourite. As she was already at death's door, one of her joys was seeing Inala's rapid improvement and the innovative surprises he gave her.

"That's enough, Gannala," Inala said as he exhaled softly and got up, stretching as the blood waterfall stopped pouring. As all the blood in the room drained out, he stared at his naked self, "I'm fully prepared."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 74 First Major Disaster Starts
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inala had gained significant body mass. He still maintained a lean body frame but his muscles were ripped, bursting with physical strength.

The effects of his Fragment Disease were almost non-existent, not because he had cured it, but because he was only a sliver away from awakening his bloodline. If he absorbed Gannala's blood for a couple more hours, he would become an Empyrean Tusk.

That wasn't his goal. Even though becoming an Empyrean Tusk would net him the greatest strength, it wasn't realistic. The resources required to build up an Empyrean Tusk body would take a century to accumulate. Even if he took all the chance encounters, that would only shorten the duration.

The most he could accumulate was two Empyrean Tusk bodies. Meaning, a cultivation of a 3-Life Stage. He would be entering the 3-Life Stage right as the Fourth Major Disaster starts.

What did that mean? He would die a dog's death under the hands of the Boar King. Besides, Inala was confident Resha would figure out a way to become an Empyrean Tusk. Meaning, two people would contest for the same resources.

The Mammoth Clan couldn't afford to support even Resha in Sumatra Chronicles. If they had to support two such individuals, they would become bankrupt and the result wouldn't be anything worth mentioning. Their fate of being annihilated by the Boar King wouldn't change.

So, Inala's goals remained unchanged. He was still set on obtaining the Zinger Queen's power. 'By grabbing the fortuitous encounters, I'll reach the peak of cultivation before we face the Boar King. I'll truly be able to harm him then.'

Therefore, he stopped right before awakening his Empyrean Tusk bloodline. This was the condition necessary to mutate the Zinger Queen's power, thereby granting him both Primary and Secondary Natures at the same time.

Moreover, he knew the condition to attain a Nature. It was why he subjected himself to an extreme environment, sustaining himself solely with Gannala's blood. Thanks to that, he could feel it, "I have already obtained the qualifications to attain my Tertiary Nature. It'll naturally appear once I enter the Body Stage."

His Tertiary Nature was involved around the Pranic Beast he would become, hence it would only be available upon entering the Body Stage.

'It has been ten months since I arrived in Sumatra.' Inala thought, relieved at the completion of his plans. Originally, he intended to become fully prepared in a year's time, right before the First Major Disaster started.

But upon seeing the attacks of the Zinger increase in intensity thrice the original as stated in Sumatra Chronicles, Inala knew the course of the plot had changed. He could clearly feel the difference in treatment the Zingers were giving to the 43rd and 44th Empyrean Tusks.

'Something happened. One of us probably sabotaged us.' Inala thought as he focused on his ears. All he met with was silence. But that too was a confirmation, 'Indeed, one of us is behind this.'

By now, Gannala used the tail slaps to confirm every single thought he had. This was to ensure he had a solid grasp of everything.

But there was always one exception. It was when a reincarnate was involved. Gannala expressed zero intention to reveal the plans of other reincarnates, or for that matter, Clansmen with the Fragment Disease. That included Resha, the reincarnates, and even Granny Oyo.

If Inala had any thoughts regarding the people part of that list, Gannala would pause her tail slaps. This was to prevent him from learning of their plans. Whether that plan was beneficial to her cause or destructive, like the Zinger-focused attacks on their two settlements, Gannala remained tight-lipped about it.

But that also meant that the moment any of his thoughts were met with silence, it meant one among the list was involved.

The day he learnt about it, Inala understood he couldn't proceed with things according to the original plan. He felt that things were proceeding at a faster pace than the book and hence rushed his preparations too.

Once he accumulated enough Parute Fruits, in the name of closed-door cultivation, Inala stopped his portrait activities. He hadn't gone out for the past two months.

Before he entered closed-door cultivation, he taught everything necessary to Asaeya, urging her to succeed in advance to the schedule.

He calmly wore his dress and inspected his Storage Tower, checking up on its four floors. On the first floor were his Spirit Weapons, a whole lot of them, with each meant for a variety of purposes.

On the second floor was a bag of Parute Fruits and miscellaneous items, from clothes to a puppet of himself. The Parute fruits only numbered 200, all that remained with him after his expenses. But they weren't his top priority, the reason being the contents of the third floor.

On the third floor was bone powder, the primary ingredient necessary for building up his Pranic Beast body. This was hard to obtain, especially since the Clan rules stated only elites could procure it.

Inala had to do a lot of unfavourable deals with elites from the other settlement—that had arrived for portraits and Imagination Art. Through them, he procured the bone powder—the highest quality—derived from the tusks. The quantity was more than enough to finish building his body. Even Gannala confirmed his calculation.

And on the fourth floor was his emergency ration—Prana Bombs. They were all filled with Prana, obtained through his fights with the Zingers. Thanks to Instructor Mandu's assistance, he used the Prana Bombs on the Zingers and stole their Prana.

Of course, before entering closed-door cultivation, Inala took care of Instructor Mandu, granting the latter the Puppetry Skill. Instructor Mandu was emotional upon receiving it, treating Inala as his most prized student.

But that was a bribe. When the situation turns dire, Inala counted on Instructor Mandu to protect him. Considering Instructor Mandu's character, and since he received such a powerful Skill from Inala, he would protect the latter with his life.

This guarantee was worth giving the Puppetry Skill away. Besides, in the past few months, Inala derived a potently powerful Skill that he considered his trump card for fights.

Since he had made all the necessary arrangements, Inala felt ready, 'Now, I only need to wait for the First Major Disaster to begin, whenever that might be.'

Thinking as such, he turned the doorknob, intending to return to his house. But strangely, the door failed to open, seemingly stuck, 'Strange, that shouldn't happen.'

In response to his thought came a tail slap, causing him to calm down. Inala grabbed his Storage Lantern and slung it to his hip. He donned his battle gear and equipped himself to the limit with Spirit Weapons.

As he waited, Inala observed the space in the room began to shrink, 'Already?'

He was aware of Gannala's condition, knowing very well that she wouldn't be able to maintain this space for long. But the timing of its collapse couldn't be any worse.

An hour passed in such a fashion. By now, there was only enough room for him to crouch within, feeling like he might get crushed at any moment. Since there wasn't enough space to open the door, when it was his time to exit, Gannala crushed the entrance, allowing him to crawl out.

"Phew," Inala sighed once he exited the space, turning around to stare at the narrow entrance. The space that had existed within it vanished. 'But, why did it have to collapse now of all times?'

As he wondered, Inala arrived at the living room, stunned upon observing the roof that had caved in. He understood the cause, "As I suspected, it has been brought forward."

Placed in the centre of the living room was a Prana Bomb. But considering the rapid pace at which it absorbed Prana, it wasn't a Prana Bomb but an egg. And the fact that an egg had been planted here meant…

The First Major Disaster had begun!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 75 Zinger Queen Egg
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Zingers were a fairly sentient race, capable of forming their own colonies with a solid societal structure. Sumatra Chronicles delved into them in detail, showcasing that Zingers dabbled even in art, though crude.

They sang songs, drew paintings, and even danced. Of course, thievery was their main business. A Zinger's Primary Nature was the Prana Bomb. It stole Prana from the target and stored it for later consumption.

Appearing exactly identical to the Prana Bomb was a Zinger Egg and only a Zinger could tell them apart. Oftentimes, when the Zingers raid a target and shower it with Prana Bombs, they would sneak in an egg or two.

The eggs would hatch after absorbing Prana. But, here was a catch. The strength of the hatchling depended entirely on the quality of the Prana absorbed.

If the Prana absorbed by the egg originated from an Iron Grade Pranic Beast, the birthed entity would either be a Zinger Scout or a Zinger Captain, Beginner and Intermediate Iron Grades respectively.

If the Prana absorbed by the egg was from a Silver Grade Pranic Beast, the birthed entity would be a Commander Zinger, with a super rare chance of a Zinger King's appearance.

But if the egg absorbs Prana from a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, the result is a guaranteed Zinger King. And the Prana of an Empyrean Tusk creates an infinitesimally small probability of a Mutant Zinger King.

But such an entity only appears once in Sumatra Chronicles, towards the novel's end. That wasn't the focus here.

When a lot of Zinger Kings are birthed, there is a sharp rise in their collective evaluated power. When the Zinger Community feels enough Kings have been created, they would gather into a council and approach a Zinger Queen and request her to create another queen.

Only a Zinger Queen can create a Zinger egg. And the only female in the Zinger race was the queen. She was a special existence. She had no requirement to mate, was capable of gathering all necessary genetic material just by drinking the fluid within the Prana Bombs given to her by the male Zingers as tax and possessed virtually no limit to the number of eggs she could create in life.

A male Zinger's Primary Nature was a Prana Bomb while the Zinger Queen's was the egg, termed the Life Bomb. She could casually condense it using Prana. And consuming Prana Bombs recovered her Prana.

Therefore, a Zinger Queen was a factory that produced Zinger eggs. Due to her characteristics, a Zinger Queen would generally avoid birthing another queen unless she approached old age, unwilling to lose her power.

Of course, if their strength and population exceeded a certain extent, she would create another queen to satisfy the egg demand.

In the entire Dieng Canyon, a Zinger-dominated territory spanning millions of kilometres, there existed only three Zinger Queens. When one of the queens dies for mysterious reasons, the remaining create a Zinger Queen egg.

To hatch, the Zinger Queen's egg required stringent conditions. First among them was the absorption of the highest grade of Prana. Only an Empyrean Tusk's Prana fit the bill. If the egg was placed on any other Pranic Beast, it wouldn't hatch.

The second condition was the requirement of lifeforce, a copious sum. If planted on any Pranic Beast, the target would react at the sheer pain involved with the loss of its lifeforce. It would immediately dispose of the egg.

Only the Empyrean Tusk, with its robust lifeforce, wouldn't react in such a way. Of course, it would immediately dispatch the Mammoth Clan to deal with the egg. But to prevent that, Zingers would swarm the Empyrean Tusk.

And this time, hundreds of Zinger Kings would be present to keep the Mammoth Clansmen busy. Of course, if the egg was planted in the middle of the battlefield, it would become part of the collateral.

Therefore, it would always be planted right above the buttocks of the weakest Empyrean Tusk. As the weakest would be moving last, there wouldn't be any entity present that could spot their scheme. Moreover, the tail existed there, capable of swatting away any Pranic Beast that dared approach.

So, no Mammoth Clansman bothered to defend the buttocks area and instead concentrated their power on the legs where most attacks occurred.

And through experience, the Zingers determined the safest spot on the Empyrean Tusk, away from all chaos, a serene location if one would say. It was on the tail root, one that couldn't be reached by the tip of the tail.

And in Sumatra Chronicles, upon spotting an uninhabited house in such a location, the Zinger King obviously placed the Zinger Queen's egg inside. Why would it say no to a second layer of protection?

It was a famous situation, discussed by the reader base for years. After all, the cause of the First Major Disaster was a single egg. That was why, when Inala picked such a house, Grehha knew immediately of his target.

Resha found out the cause later during his investigation—when the Mammoth Clan returned to the Dieng Canyon after a century. By then, the Zinger Queen born from Gannala matured into a full-fledged queen.

In the current timeline, he intended to swiftly rush to the house and destroy the egg, thereby ending the First Major Disaster prematurely. He didn't camp there for the reason his presence would startle the Zinger King bringing the queen's egg. It would avoid the place and find another location. That would mess up everything.

Secondly, there were still two months left for the First Major Disaster to start, based on his memories. Since Resha was in the Empyrean Tusk's heart, he wasn't aware of the changing situation. Hence, he missed his opportunity.

To avoid anyone noticing its actions, the Zinger King left immediately after planting the Zinger Queen's egg. All Zingers would be able to feel their queen's birth. So, the Zinger King planned to swipe in immediately after that and bring the queen to safety.

Inala stared at the egg before him and muttered, "Gannala, is your lifeforce being sucked by this egg? Is this the Zinger Queen's egg?"

Slap! Slap!

The slaps were weak as Inala converted it into the language he had derived through the Mystic Skill Creator, wording Gannala's thoughts, 'Yes! Hurry!'

It meant she didn't have much longer to live. Therefore, if Inala wished to succeed, he had to take action immediately. If she dies, all resources in her body would explode like a volcanic eruption, killing everyone.

"Alright," Nodding confidently, Inala activated the Mystic Bone Art and fused his 100 Spirit Containers into a unified whole. He then approached the Zinger Queen's egg and touched it, grunting in pain as the egg absorbed his lifeforce.

But the moment this happened, the condition was attained. The egg absorbed the lifeforce of both Inala and Gannala. Blood surged out of the floor and seeped into the egg; using this chance, Gannala finally managed to establish a connection between the two.

A weak voice, exhausted, but excited resounded in Inala's mind, filled with warmth.

[My Dearest Son! Inala!]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 76 43rd Settlement’s Trump Card
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Student Asaeya, take position." At the training grounds of the 43rd Settlement's Academy of Refinement, an Instructor announced. "First Test! Might!"

He stood beside a slab of bone positioned forty metres away from Asaeya. Students formed a perimeter around the training grounds, watching the activity.

Asaeya was twelve years old, about to become thirteen in a couple of months. But she had already applied to graduate, hence garnering a lot of attention.

Moreover, the walls, corridor, and even the floor of the Academy were covered by Imagination Art, all supplied by her. So, not a single student was ignorant of her contribution, hyping her up.

'Today's the day I graduate.' Thinking as such, Asaeya infused her Prana into a bone sphere and focused. At the Instructor's signal, she sent it hurling at her maximum speed, causing it to thunderously slam into the bone slab forty metres away.

The slab broke from the impact while the bone sphere was only dented. It meant her skill in refining a piece of bone using the Mystic Bone Art was superior to the elite that refined the bone slab. That was a direct show of her cultivation capabilities already treading upon the Body Stage despite being at the Spirit Stage.

"It's under a second." The Instructor muttered and calmly noted down the time, accurately to two decimal points.

Forty metres per second was the peak speed a Spirit Stage cultivator could attain while controlling their Spirit Weapon. As Asaeya had exceeded that, it meant her control and explosiveness surpassed her cultivation stage.

"Second test! Pull!" The instructor announced as a large monolith appeared, weighing two hundred kilograms. It sported a ring on its front face.

In response to the second test, Asaeya took out a Spirit Weapon in the shape of a hook and hooked it to the ring. Immediately in response, veins protruded all over her body as she infused copious amounts of Prana into the hook, pulling it towards her.

There wasn't a string connecting the hook to her. So, it was a show of the tensile strength of her psychokinesis. "Keuk!"

Asaeya grunted as the monolith slowly began to move, creating deep marks on the floor due to the friction. She pulled it for twenty metres before gasping in exhaustion, expended of all Prana. Eight metres was the limit for a student; she had well exceeded that.

'Inala did this when he rescued me.' Due to her strong impression of his actions, Asaeya practiced this aspect the most. Her goal was to rely solely upon her psychokinesis to hang from a ceiling without any physical contact.

That way, even if she were to fall during her shuttles between the settlements, she would be able to hook herself to the Empyrean Tusk's exoskeleton and stop her fall.

"Third Test! Recovery!" Saying so, a feast was laid before Asaeya. Without any hesitation, she devoured them like a pig until her belly protruded conspicuously. Even while eating, she was able to activate her Mystic Bone Art and hasten digestion, rapidly recovering her Prana.

"Fourth Test! Combat!" The Instructor announced and released a Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beast.

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

Six bone hands calmly revolved around Asaeya as she launched herself toward the Pranic Beast, easily subduing the latter. Even Inala was only able to control four hands, but she was even more suited to it. This was only in comparison to Inala though. For an average Mammoth Clansman, her ability to efficiently control six Spirit Weapons was terrifying.

The Instructor brought out an Intermediate Iron Grade Pranic Beast next and made Asaeya fight it. While the test was proceeding without issues, a group of people observed everything from a high vantage point.

A balcony was constructed on the topmost building in the Academy, one with a clear view of the training grounds. Comfy cushioned chairs were placed, facing the training grounds. Seated on them were the masters that controlled the 43rd Settlement.

At the centre of the arrangement was Yahard Tusk, the 43rd Settlement's Settlement Leader. He stared at Asaeya's actions with a glint in his eyes, "She has improved tremendously in the past eight months. I feel it's time."

"Don't be in such a hurry." Zahaella commented calmly, "Asaeya has indeed contributed immensely to the Clan as a student."

She stared at the masters seated around them, brothers and sisters of Yahard Tusk, "Everyone here has given her an S-Grade evaluation. But, I'm not satisfied yet to grant her the Grim Knell."

"Sister-in-law," Yahard Tusk's younger brother tugged his thin moustache and announced, "We have reached the preservation limit of the Grim Knell's egg. It will hatch in a year. I don't see any other student that can outshine Asaeya within that timeframe."

"Eight months ago, none of us considered her worth of even an S-Grade evaluation, not to mention obtaining the Grim Knell." Zahaella argued, "A lot can change in a year. A student better than her can appear."

"But there's no guarantee, right?" Yahard Tusk's younger brother retorted. He then stared at Yahard Tusk and gave his opinion, "Brother, as the one in charge of preserving the Clan's eggs, I vote in favour of Asaeya."

"The Grim Knell is the best against a swarm. The intensity of the Zinger attacks is accelerating every day. I say this is the opportune time." One of Yahard Tusk's younger sisters—in charge of resource harvesting from the Empyrean Tusk's stomach—commented. She stared at Zahaella, "In terms of strategic value, once Asaeya becomes the Grim Knell, she would aid in minimising our losses. Her abilities would be the perfect counter against the Zingers. Moreover,"

"She can efficiently control six Spirit Weapons. Her mind is perfectly suited to wield the Grim Knell's power. Hence," She stared at Yahard Tusk, "I too vote in Asaeya's favour."

"She has expressed her potential clearly. I vote in her favour."

"Asaeya has all the qualifications…"

One after another, all the masters voted in favour of Asaeya. They were one big family either way. The majority of them were Yahard Tusk's siblings while the minority were his uncle and aunt who remained alive to date.

As Asaeya was part of their family, they were happy to support her, especially since she displayed her superiority in comparison to other students, a tad above even Yahard Tusk's oldest children.

'The moment I expressed dissatisfaction towards Asaeya, they were happy to support her. This is almost too easy.' Zahaella expressed frustration externally but was pleased internally. The moment Asaeya exploded in growth, she had already decided to grant her the Grim Knell. Following that was merely a mental war against Yahard Tusk's siblings.

"It's decided then," Yahard Tusk smiled proudly as he stared at Asaeya's figure that stomped an Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beast to death, completing her graduation test, "She'll become our Settlement's trump card."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 77 Becoming the Grim Knell
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"The Clan has decided to grant you the Grim Knell's egg to fuse with." Yahard Tusk was seated in a room alongside Zahaella. Kneeling on the floor before him was his daughter, Asaeya. He stared at her and continued, "But before that, I need to ask you something."

"Yes, Father." Asaeya said respectfully, "Ask me anything."

"Your mother gave you a mission. That was primarily the reason you were granted authority to trade with Inala." Yahard Tusk seemed casual, but slowly, he exerted pressure, causing the room to tremor in response. "So, why haven't you done anything to progress it?"

'I expected this.' Thinking as such, Asaeya stated calmly, "There's only one reason towards that."

"Just one?" Yahard Tusk raised an eyebrow, "What is it?"

"Inala feels he has no future unless he enters the Body Stage. So, until then, he doesn't have the room to entertain anything other than cultivation." She continued, "If I were to inherit mother's position, my influence would grant him a fighting chance against the Fragment Disease. That's why he decided to wholeheartedly support me in the successor race."

"Did he lay that down from the start?" Zahaella asked.

"Yes, before I became his disciple." Asaeya nodded, "And I can say with assurance that I never regretted this decision. I have become many times stronger thanks to him."

"So, for that reason, you went against your mother's orders and did not make him yours?" Yahard Tusk frowned.

"I never said that." Asaeya shook her head, "All along, I have been probing his character. Inala simply wishes to not entertain the thought until I become an adult. By then, I'll have a solid place in his heart."

Zahaella observed Asaeya's facial expression, figuring her out, 'She likes him, huh? Well, that's enough. She'll ensure no other woman gets near Inala. As she grows, she's becoming more and more like me. I can rest assured then.'

"What about the other seeds?" Yahard Tusk asked. He seemed to be asking the questions, but in reality, he was simply voicing out whatever Zahaella told him to say. The moment Asaeya was granted the Grim Knell, his work was done. The remaining human relation issues were all his wife's headaches.

"I have been investigating regarding that." Asaeya nodded, "Resha and Blola have been reported missing for months now. The Zingers must have kidnapped them. There are no clues regarding their disappearance though."

"Yennda is in a relationship with Yuza, the Fragment Disease student from our settlement. So, that's already a done deal. Her child will be born with our settlement's imprint." She continued, "Virala is with Ruvva, Granny Oyo's granddaughter. I have made arrangements towards that. And recently, they are on bad terms and Virala has gotten closer with Luttrena."

"But sister still has some hesitation, so that's that." Asaeya expressed mild annoyance, "And the last candidate, Grehha is a turtle. He remains in his house and never ventures out. If not for him selling Mud Viper eggs, the Clan would have disposed of him already. That's the consensus his settlement has reached. So, I can't even create an opportunity for one of my sisters to meet him."

"Bora Tusk didn't use one of his daughters to bring Grehha to his side?" Yahard Tusk was surprised, 'This isn't the way that madman behaves usually. Is it because of that?'

Yahard Tusk recalled the scene from the previous day. A piece of bone fell off from the 44th Empyrean Tusk's tusk. 'Their Deity is dying, and hence, he's despondent. But, that doesn't mean he should give up. He should at least fight for a solution.'

"Anything you wish to ask her?" Yahard Tusk stared at his wife. He was satisfied with Asaeya's replies.

"No," Zahaella shook her head.

"Alright," Nodding in response, Yahard Tusk pushed forth an egg and motioned for Asaeya to fuse with it, "I'll protect you. So, begin the breakthrough process."

"Okay," Asaeya closed her eyes and activated her Mystic Bone Art, beginning to fuse her Spirit Containers. From one to two, two to four, four to eight, the Spirit Containers fused. The process took less than a minute as Asaeya observed a unified Spirit Container in her body.

It was unstable, emanating sparks as her body felt strained. If she were to delay any longer, the Spirit Container would collapse, causing her to lose all her painstaking cultivation. Asaeya's eyes shot open as she stared at her father, "I'm ready."

"Go ahead." Yahard Tusk said, smiling.

The Grim Knell's egg reached a height of 80 centimetres, covered with bluish-black spots. Enveloping each spot was a ring, and extending from its outer circle were tiny tendrils like an amoeba. Asaeya touched the Grim Knell's egg and inserted her Prana into it, beginning the fusion process.

Her Spirit Container manifested physically, enlarging in size until it wholly enveloped the egg. The Prana within was like a storm as it fused into the egg, breaking it down into pure energy. The Spirit Container fused with the eggshell.

A few seconds later, the shell dissolved and surged into a tiny creature inside, signalling the completion of the process. The entity was ethereal in appearance.

It had a bell-shaped body, reaching a height of three metres. The clapper dangled, shaped like a mace. Three pairs of limbs extended out of the yoke. Two pairs were legs, split like the legs of a chair. The remaining two limbs were hands, but their ends resembled drums.

The base of the yoke was circular in shape and embedded in it were eyes, a dozen in number. The eyes shot open, emanating the aura of death, for a moment causing even Yahard Tusk to flinch in response.

Mutated Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Grim Knell!

'That's a terrifying aura.' He thought, watching the projection enter Asaeya and fuse with her body, transforming her into an elite of the Clan. She had successfully reached the Body Stage.

"This is the Grim Knell's power?" Asaeya muttered as she digested the information regarding the Grim Knell. She gained two Natures now, and they perfectly complimented her current skill set, 'It feels as if Inala trained me with the Grim Knell in mind. How…is this possible?'

She didn't voice her thoughts to her parents, lest her words sabotage Inala. But more than the joy of obtaining the strongest Pranic Beast in the Mammoth Clan, her mind was filled with questions, 'My two Natures will experience an explosive advantage thanks to the Puppetry Skill. It's not just that…'

After wracking her brain a little, Asaeya couldn't find a solution. Hence, she decided to meet Inala, stating, "I'll go inform Inala about my success."

"Alright, but I'm assigning a team to protect you." Yahard Tusk said, "The Zinger attacks have grown more frequent. And since you became the Grim Knell, you're a strategic asset of our Clan. You'll be accompanied by a group of guards until you become a master."

Soon, Asaeya arrived before the shuttle, about to enter it when three people walked out, one boy and two girls. Asaeya was surprised at their arrival as she shot a glance at her sister, Luttrena, expressing her thoughts through eye contact, 'Luttrena, why did you bring him here?'

The two girls were Luttrena and Ruvva, their auras displaying their dislike towards each other. And walking at the front like their leader was Virala, his face akin to a weasel.

'This bastard makes me feel uncomfortable.' Asaeya thought, for a moment shuddering when the latter smiled at her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 78 Background of the Major Disaster
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Kuukukugaaa!"

"Gukaaa!"

"Gaku…uuaaa!"

High-pitched shrieks resounded from Zinger Scouts, reverberating throughout the Dieng Canyon. Zingers could transmit entire speeches within a short screech. At the speed of sound, the message travelled throughout the region, amplified, and retransmitted by the scouts that heard it.

[62 Empyrean Tusks are rampaging. Tens of millions of our brethren are dead. We'll lose control of the region if we don't replenish our numbers.]

The message alarmed the Zinger community as messages kept reverberating throughout the Dieng Canyon, bringing in the news of the destruction committed by the rampaging Empyrean Tusk herd.

On a mountain reaching a height of five kilometres sat a Zinger Queen, eyes closed as she had just finished creating a batch of Zinger eggs. She grabbed a Prana Bomb, cracked the shell and drank the fluid within, replenishing some of her expended Prana.

Her surroundings were covered by heaps and heaps of Prana Bombs, more than she would ever need. It was a tax from the Zinger colonies.

Typically, a Zinger that was strong enough would establish its own colony on a mountain. Depending upon the surface area and resources on a mountain, the strength and size of the colony varied.

Bigger colonies were ruled by Zinger Commanders. And the largest of all colonies were under a Zinger King each.

The Zinger community relied upon the concept of self-sufficiency and individualism amongst colonies. Meaning, if a colony were to be annihilated, neighbouring colonies wouldn't care. Instead, once the perpetrator disappears, they would fight to occupy the territory that had opened.

If a colony were to suffer a loss in their raid, resulting in a lot of their brethren getting killed, the leader would send an envoy to the core of the Dieng Canyon.

The envoy would fly with a large batch of Prana Bombs and deposit it on the Zinger Queen's Mountain. These Prana Bombs were a tax.

The Zinger Queen would judge the tax and grant the envoy a certain number of eggs accordingly. The envoy would return to its colony with the eggs and carefully hatch it, building up their numbers once again.

This was the principle with which Zinger colonies functioned. As she received tax from pretty much every colony under her governance, the Zinger Queen lived a life of abundance.

Her mountain was located deepest in the Zinger Territory, protected by a royal guard consisting of dozens of Zinger Kings. The surrounding mountains too had the strongest of Zingers, mostly Zinger Commanders, serving as a buffer between any dangerous Pranic Beast and the Zinger Queen.

Spanning a head taller than a Zinger King, the queen was the biggest in their species. But her body wasn't as robust as the king, for she wasn't built to fight.

As the Zinger Queen finished the egg allocation to all her colonies, she heard the shouts being relayed by the Zinger Scouts from the colonies sequentially. The message eventually reached her, causing her to make a decision.

Even though she had a surplus of Prana Bombs to replenish her Prana, she had obvious limits. It took her time to digest the gains and convert it into Prana.

At least a hundred mountains had been destroyed by the Empyrean Tusk herd. If they don't replenish their numbers quickly, some other Pranic Beast will take up territory in the void of power.

The three Zinger Queens didn't have enough power to replenish their numbers in a short while.

"Kukaaa!" At the Zinger Queen's shout, the scouts echoed her voice and transmitted it to other regions. Soon, two replies arrived in the same network, carrying a message from the remaining two Zinger Queens.

[Make a new Queen!]

Since all three queens accepted the decision, one of the Zinger Queens swallowed the fluid from dozens of Prana Bombs and condensed all that Prana, losing some of her lifeforce in the process as she created a Life Bomb.

She only needed Prana to create the regular Life Bombs. But to create one that would hatch a queen, she had to use her lifeforce too, not to mention consuming copious amounts of Prana.

The Zinger Queen aged by a few decades in response as she felt weak. She beckoned one of her royal guards and handed it the egg, communicating with it to target the second Empyrean Tusk herd moving about in the Dieng Canyon.

As the Zinger King transported the egg, it rallied up an army to serve as a distraction while the egg hatched. As long as the fourth Zinger Queen is born, they could replenish their numbers within a decade.

So, dying for her birth wasn't an issue. With that goal in mind, the Zinger King entered Inala's house and placed the egg in the living room, sighing in relief upon sensing the egg suck in large amounts of Gannala's Prana and lifeforce.

To avoid the Mammoth Clansmen from noticing the egg, the Zinger King flew away and hid behind a large Baobab tree, shadowing Gannala from the side. The moment the Zinger Queen hatches, it would swoop in and carry her out.

It was accompanied by a group of Zinger Kings for the same purpose. They were there to defend against the Mammoth Clansmen.

Right after it placed the egg, the Zinger King let out a faint whistle, alerting its brethren as millions of Zingers jumped down from the cliffs and flew towards the herd.

80 Million!

That was the number of Zingers targeting the Empyrean Tusk herd. And only a small portion of them flew closer to the Empyrean Tusks to engage in close combat. As for the rest?

Primary Nature—Prana Bomb!

Millions of Prana Bombs simply rained down from the sky. An Empyrean Tusk stood at a height of 1.6 kilometres while the peak of the mountains ranged around two kilometres.

This meant there was more than enough altitude difference—400 metres—for the Zingers to glide over and remain beyond the 180-metre maximum range of Mammoth Clansmen elites. Only the masters could target the bodies of the Zingers, but even if they could do so, they made no difference.

The number of Zingers targeting the Empyrean Tusk herd was just that overwhelming.

"You…must be Asaeya." Virala smiled casually and cupped his fists, "I heard a lot about you from your elder sister."

"Is that so?" Asaeya snorted and brushed past Virala, entering the shuttle while accompanied by her bodyguards, a group of four elites at the peak of the Body Stage.

'Judging by the security, it seems she's obtained the Grim Knell.' Virala made a judgement as his eyes curled up faintly, 'Inala, that bastard. Just how did he make a nameless character obtain such power?'

"Well, shall we go?" He stared at Luttrena and smiled.

"Remember, this is merely a transaction," Luttrena said coldly.

"I know." Virala nodded as he eyed Ruvva's frosty expression, 'She's not even hiding her killing intent now. As I thought, she must have succeeded in her scheme. Well, I'm waiting for it anyway. I can never get enough of making women dance to my tune.'

Seated within the shuttle, Asaeya glared at Virala's back, 'Something is about to happen. I can feel it. Just starting at him is making my skin prick. I need to consult about him with Inala. I don't know his house address, but Mandu can relay my arrival as usual. Guess I'll wait at his home until Inala arrives.'

The shuttle reached the 44th Settlement as Asaeya got out. She had just taken a step forward when one of her guards pulled her back, "What the…?"

Boom!

A Prana Bomb slammed into the ground before her, absorbing Gannala's Prana. Asaeya's eyes widened in shock as she stared at the sky and paled in fright, watching the rain of Prana Bombs.

"Kurrraalllalala!" All 44 Empyrean Tusks trumpeted in alarm, alerting the Mammoth Clan of the approaching disaster.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 79 Talking to Gannala
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Rata-tata-ta!

Hearing the pitter-patter created by Prana Bombs colliding onto the settlement like rain, Inala was nervous, 'The Zinger King must be sensing the energies of this place from far away. The moment I succeed in getting the Zinger Queen's power, it will know.'

'And it will try to kill me.' He grunted in pain as veins popped all over his body. His lifeforce was being sucked into the Zinger Queen's egg as his hand was in contact with it.

[My Dearest Son! Inala!]

Inala felt the sounds of his surroundings wane to a great extent as Gannala's voice resounded in his mind, clear. As Inala was refining the Zinger Queen's egg, his body should originally have exploded, due to the gender restriction.

But three things were preventing that. First was Granny Oyo's imprint on his bones that Inala had fused into his Spirit Container. Therefore, his Prana signature became Oyo's, a woman's Prana.

Secondly, Gannala's blood surged into him. She was a female. And in the name of awakening his bloodline, her blood fused with his. The last of the list was his lifeforce.

The egg was stealing the lifeforce of both him and Gannala. And thanks to her blood awakening his, and since he was technically part of her immune system, both were considered one entity, an extension of Gannala. That was how Inala overcame the gender restriction.

During the fusion process, the minds of the two became connected, allowing Gannala to communicate with him.

"Yes, I'm your dearest son," Inala replied as blood dripped out of his orifice due to his lifeforce being absorbed. Every second, he was aging, slowly but surely. His skin was getting wrinkly while his body was losing mass, a sign of old age.

[I have a lot to talk to you about, but my time is running out. Therefore, I'll be curt!]

At her hurried voice, Inala nodded in urgency, realising that they could only communicate like this until the fusion process ended. Until now, Inala could only engage with a confirmation type of response from Gannala by interpreting her tail slaps.

Therefore, all her replies did was confirm his thoughts. To wholeheartedly listen to her thoughts, direction communication was a must. Hence, Inala focused, curious to hear what she had to say.

[You fool! You failed, my son!]

"What?" Inala was stunned, "I failed? In what?"

[In getting the cure!]

"What the heck? Aren't I cured now? Once the fusion process ends, I'll be rid of the Fragment Disease." Inala argued, confused.

[Repeat your statement, but slowly!]

"What type of riddle…"

[You have rid yourself of the Fragment Disease. It's called a disease, but it's merely a manifestation of an Empyrean Tusk's trait! As long as someone with this trait absorbs my blood long enough, they can cultivate as an Empyrean Tusk!]

Gannala's voice seemed angry, despite the sense of urgency she exuded, chiding him. In response, Inala expressed confusion, "I already figured that out, you know. Why are you scolding me now? You confirmed my conjectures already."

[Yes, my dearest son. Your path isn't wrong, but it's not right either. I didn't sacrifice everything to send you to another world just for you to become a Zinger!]

"Send me to another world? What the fuck?" Inala frowned, "Now you have me confused, Gannala. What nonsense are you talking about?"

[Virala, Inala, Blola, Grehha, Yennda, Orakha, and Resha! Seven children with the Fragment Disease, created by me in hopes of destroying the Boar King. When you seven were born, my friend used a future vision ability on Resha and observed the annihilation of all Empyrean Tusks. To prevent such a future, he brought your souls to Earth alongside your parents to make you experience a second life. When that was done, he brought everyone back!]

"You mean…" Inala tried to calm down but felt intense anger surge in him, "That Cthulhu was your friend and when he brought me to this world, he also brought my parents?"

[Yes, your parents were Mammoth Clansmen originally. You weren't a denizen of Earth. Your souls simply occupied the bodies of their natives and suppressed the native souls. It was the safest way to make you experience two lives, the primary requirement to attain the Mystic Grade as an Empyrean Tusk!]

"So, let me get this straight." Inala observed that the fusion process was almost done as he oriented his thoughts, speaking unusually calmly, "When I was born, you sent my soul to Earth, alongside my parents. And when you felt I satisfied the requirements, I was brought here. So, it's similar to the other reincarnates, right?"

[Yes!]

"Then, what about Resha?" He asked next. "If what you said is true, then Sumatra Chronicles never happened. Then, what is up with Resha? Why does he have a past life?"

[It's a side-effect of the future sight ability. When it was used on Resha, his body soaked up the ability's effects. So, it's as if he lived through life once and experienced everything. This ability isn't perfect, since the risks are high. The parents of all seven cannot remember anything that happened due to the ability.]

"All seven?" Inala noticed another abnormality, "Were Resha's parents sent to Earth too?"

[No. But as the future sight was used on Resha, as his closest blood relation, his parents were faintly influenced. So, they possess bits and pieces of future sight.]

"One more," Inala asked, his voice cold, "In Sumatra Chronicles, there existed only one Death Row student. What's up with that?"

[Sumatra Chronicles is simply the Cthulhu recounting whatever he saw through future sight. No matter how realistic the book was written, it didn't show every second of Resha's life. So, the lives of you six were…]

"Edited out, huh?" Inala nodded, "Then, the reason Resha doesn't remember us is because of the future sight's side effect?"

[Yes. And the disconnect you feel with the memories of your past too are a result of that, even though these past fourteen years were lived by you yourself. The Cthulhu leaped across the fabric of time and space with your souls. So, by the time he brought everyone back, only an hour had passed here.]

"It all makes sense." Inala nodded, "But there are plenty of holes and patchwork in your explanation. As a reader, I can easily spot such plot holes. I respect you, Gannala. But, I cannot wholeheartedly trust you. Hence, I'll confirm it on my own."

[How?]

"Simple," Inala revealed a calculative smile, "I have accumulated enough experience."

Mystic Bone Art—Mystic Skill Creator!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 80 Kill the Baby
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mystic Bone Art—Mystic Skill Creator!

Inala activated the Bone Slip Skill and condensed the effects of the Mystic Skill Creator into it, pouring in all his experiences from when Gannala accessed his memories like he was a Bone Slip.

Since the minds of both were connected now, it was the best time to activate the Skill. As a result, a vast sea of memories and experiences surged out of Gannala through the connection and poured into his mind, overwhelming him.

"Keuk!" Inala grunted in pain.

[What…is this? It feels strange!]

Even Gannala was confused, despite being able to read his thoughts. But she didn't resist and simply allowed Inala to do his thing. Moreover, she even took on most of the burden associated with activating the ability, allowing Inala to take a breather and focus. A few seconds later, a Skill formed, a fusion of Bone Slip Skill and an Empyrean Tusk's capability to treat the Mammoth Clansmen as Bone Slips.

Prime Skill—Empyrean Slip!

The effects of this Prime Skill allowed Inala to treat an Empyrean Tusk as a Bone Slip and access the information in it. Of course, as the volume of information would be akin to a sea, his mind would be overwhelmed.

So, unless he received the Empyrean Tusk's permission, it was too risky to attempt its use. But that wasn't a concern here as he had Gannala's full support.

The moment Empyrean Slip was activated, Inala found himself in the void, floating beside millions of light clusters. Each cluster was a database of some information. 'My mind simply isn't equipped to store this much data.'

He controlled his greed and focused only on the information Gannala told him. The moment he had the thought, his figure in the void moved automatically, positioning him before a cluster. Inala touched it and absorbed all the contents within.

Images of the Cthulhu flickered in his mind, showing a conversation it had with a young Gannala. There was a vast sea of information in it, causing his mind to feel burdened, 'If even a single cluster makes me feel overwhelmed…'

He stared at the thousands of clusters and sighed before returning to reality. Inala needed some time to digest the vast sea of information, but he could at least cross-reference using it, concluding in response, "You're saying the truth."

"So," He sighed, "Why did you say I failed to find the cure?"

[Activate the Skill once again. I don't have the time to explain everything. I'll bring you to the respective cluster!]

Gannala could access his information, hence being able to know what he saw, felt, and obtained through Empyrean Slip.

Inala grunted as he absorbed a second cluster, gasping in exhaustion, "N-No more. I'll explode."

[You have surprised me once again! Mt Dearest Son! Inala! Thanks to Empyrean Slip, you're now fully aware. Thank goodness! I was afraid this secret would die with me. Without it, killing the Boar King is impossible!]

Inala felt Gannala's mind sharply lose strength, alarmed in response, "What happened? Just wait a little, Gannala! Once I finish fusing with the Zinger Queen, I'll help raise your lifespan. Just hold on until then!"

[My Dearest Son! Inala! There only exists one cure. I originally hoped the reincarnates could use their otherworldly knowledge to also find a cure, but all the lot of you did was be rid of the Fragment Disease. Therefore, you lot won't be a threat to the Boar King!]

"No, I have a plan…" Inala muttered.

[My Dearest Son! Listen! You'll understand the reason once you digest my memories. Now, remember two things. First, Resha has the cure. So, he'll be the spear that faces the Boar King directly. The cure shown in Sumatra Chronicles wasn't the cure, but merely a treatment method for the Fragment Disease. You misunderstood it as the cure. Support Resha with all your might. That's the only way to survive!]

Inala became silent, sensing Gannala's voice turn weaker and weaker. The egg was absorbing her lifeforce, being the final straw that broke the camel's neck. As he hadn't finished the fusion, he couldn't move from his position. Hence, he poured all his attention into her final words.

[Second! There existed three Empyrean Tusk herds in Sumatra Continent. Ours is the youngest, because all 43 Empyrean Tusks of our herd have been birthed by me. Know this! Empyrean Tusks are female and we give birth to our brethren through the Mammoth Clan.]

"What?" Inala was stunned. This information wasn't in Sumatra Chronicles.

[When both the copulating members have the Fragment Disease, the birthed child is an Empyrean Tusk. She'll be no different from a human baby when born, but as she grows up, she'll become an Empyrean Tusk. Originally, all Empyrean Tusks knew of this fact, including the Mammoth Clan, except for our herd, because I hid the secret! So, none of the newborn Empyrean Tusks are aware of this fact, hence our numbers remained constant at 44.]

"Why…did you do that?" Inala asked.

[Because of the Boar King. He has killed enough Empyrean Tusks that the moment an Empyrean Tusk newborn cries, he can hear it. He'll target the herd. You know how powerful he is. At the very least, one or two Empyrean Tusks will lose their life. The other herds usually take measures against him to at least make him hesitate to target them. But I can't do that!]

'What she says next will make me understand everything.' Inala nodded and focused, barely able to make out Gannala's faint voice.

[Because, I am a survivor of the herd that annihilated his species. So, the moment he senses my existence, he won't stop until our entire herd is destroyed. That's why, to prevent him from detecting our existence, I ensured there was no newborn among us. And before he reached such a level of power, I increased our numbers to 44!]

Thump! Thump!

Inala's heart thundered as he muttered, "Wait a second…The fact that you're saying this must mean a baby Empyrean Tusk is about to be born?"

[Stop Oyo before it's too late! The moment the baby is born, she'll lure over the Boar King! My Dearest Son! Inala! I'll leave everything to you…]

"Gannala! Don't give up, dammit!" Inala shouted in worry, "Don't die now! I can prolong your life!"

[My Dearest Son! We are lifeforms of entirely different levels. A hundred years of your lifespan merely converts into a day of mine. It's a waste of time and effort. Besides, it matters naught if I can live a day longer when the Boar King is summoned. The entire herd will be annihilated! So, do what must be done!]

[Kill the newborn!]

Gannala's voice disappeared as the fusion process concluded. An ethereal entity hovered before him, displaying an air of arrogance, one of royalty. It fused into his body, making him successfully reach the Body Stage.

"The Boar King…" Inala muttered, instinctively trembling in fear, breaking into a cold sweat. It didn't originate from himself, but from Gannala's blood that had fused into him. The Boar King was an Empyrean Tusk's natural predator. And hence, the fear was instinctual.

"No, no! I've barely begun my preparations. Facing the Boar King at this moment is suicide." Inala got up in a hurry and armed himself, "I need to kill the baby…"

He paused, daring not to think further. After all, he always held that suspicion. The baby was growing in Granny Oyo. And after that night, she didn't reveal herself, making him feel the possibility was high, "Is that…my child?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 81 The Queen’s Arrival
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Running across a mountain peak, rushing between the Baobab trees was the Zinger King, keeping pace with the 44th Empyrean Tusk. It was mentally counting the time required for the Zinger Queen egg to hatch, anxious all along.

There were no Mammoth Clansmen near Inala's house. It had already inspected the house completely, detecting no signs of anyone living there. Therefore, as long as it watched the house's entrance, it could detect if any Mammoth Clansman approached it.

The Zinger King leaped from a mountain edge and glided towards the next mountain, keeping steady and aerodynamic to ensure it didn't lose much altitude. After crossing over a kilometre in distance, it barely lost a hundred metres.

Landing on the cliff, it climbed over the hundred metres in a hurry and reached the peak. Following that, it began to sprint through the forest on the peak, closing the gap between it and the 44th Empyrean Tusk.

The Zinger King had the most important job of overseeing the hatching of the Zinger Queen. Moreover, it commanded the entire army of Zingers. With every second that ticked, it became more and more tense, for time was almost up.

But even now, it couldn't feel the hatching queen's aura. A sense of uneasiness flowed into its mind, making it unsettled. Soon, the hatching time was up, but there was no sign of the queen's presence.

A minute passed, followed by another, but there was still nothing. By now, the Zinger King realised that something had happened. In worry, it leaped across the cliff and glided towards the 44th Empyrean Tusk, trailing towards it from its back.

Making an extended arc, it evaded the range of the shockwaves generated by the slapping tail and landed on the roof of Inala's house, peering inside, "Kuu?"

"KHAAAAAA!"

The Zinger King roared in anger upon seeing a Mud Viper in the living room, sporting a bulging body, with the bulge shaped like an egg. The Mud Viper was asleep, intending to digest its gains, coiled peacefully.

At the sight of its detestable appearance, the Zinger King raged and leaped inside the living room. With a swipe of its claws, the Mud Viper was shredded into bits.

"Kuuuu!" The Zinger King hurriedly peeled off the Mud Viper's stomach piece, lifting the egg out of it, despairing. But the moment its claws came into contact with the egg, its lifeforce was sucked into it.

"Krahh!" The Zinger King shrieked in pain, but a moment later, it calmed down, relieved that its lifeforce was being sucked into the egg. That at least meant the egg wasn't destroyed. But aware that if the egg sucked anymore of its lifeforce, it wouldn't hatch, the Zinger King decisively severed its hand.

The egg dropped on the floor as the blood coating it slithered down. Only now did the Zinger King observe the difference. The eggshell's texture was different from its memories, resembling an Empyrean Tusk's exoskeleton instead.

The size too was different. It was a tad larger. And lastly, it didn't absorb any lifeforce from the floor—the Empyrean Tusk's lifeforce. The Zinger King was confused, wondering if the Mud Viper's interference had messed up everything.

As it was deep in worry, the egg on the floor shot up suddenly, catching it off guard. It slammed into the Zinger King's chest and rapidly absorbed its lifeforce once again.

The Zinger King was flabbergasted, unable to understand why such a thing was happening. It thrashed about on the floor, letting out shrieks, calling out for help. Right at this moment, a second egg flew out from a nearby room and slammed into its head, absorbing its lifeforce from there too.

The head and the chest, two important areas had been targeted. The Zinger King couldn't rip them off like it did when the egg latched to its hand. It needed time to carefully cut off the tough fur on the chest region, and even more for the head region. A mistake and the organs within might come in contact with the egg, opening the gateway to its death.

But, time was the last resource in its arsenal as a third egg slammed into its face, masking its shrieks.

With three eggs absorbing its lifeforce, its body shrivelled up quickly, draining away all its strength. It stared at the ceiling, seeing its brethren gliding over, rushing towards its rescue. But at that moment, a ball of mud slammed into the broken ceiling and expanded, covering the hole before hardening up.

The Zinger King was stunned before turning its head weakly to stare at an old lady, hunched over, sporting bark-like skin. Her eyes were sunken and her expression was deranged. She used a bone stick as support to walk out from her hiding spot nearby.

Her presence was so weak that even when she stood before the Zinger King, it was unable to notice her. She was akin to an ant. Even ants had a stronger presence, which was why the Zinger King hadn't sensed her.

Clip! Clop!

The old lady who seemed well past her expiry date dragged herself to the Zinger King and stood before it. Her hunched form inched closer as she opened her mouth, one that transformed to reveal a jaw resembling a Zinger. No, it seemed superior.

The egg on the Zinger King's chest seemed full as it floated up and arrived before the old lady's mouth. She opened her jaw and crunched its ridiculously hard shell open casually, gulping down the contents within as if it were the most delicious Elixir in the world.

As the contents of the egg flowed down her throat, her appearance visibly changed. She seemed to have grown young by at least five decades, almost becoming middle-aged. Her hunched back became erect. Her body gained significant mass, becoming robust.

Luscious, dark-brown hair grew out of her head, reaching her hips, dense. Slowly, an air of arrogance permeated within the living room, originating from her.

The second egg flew up as she grabbed it and cracked it open, drinking its contents to grow further younger, reaching her prime, entering her late teens.

[Y-You…what are you?]

The Zinger King's voice resounded, filled with shock. The woman was able to understand its language as she revealed a confident smile, muttering softly, "Thank you."

The Zinger King too was able to understand her words, unable to comprehend what the heck was happening as it breathed its last, becoming a sack of dried bones, absorbed of all its lifeforce.

[How…do you have our Queen's aura?]

"I am one," The woman muttered as the Storage Lantern on her hip floated out and grew in size. Its top floor door opened as the third egg flew into it, "I'll save up this lifespan for emergencies."

The Storage Lantern reverted to its miniature size as the woman condensed Prana in her palms, creating two eggs, aging up in response, entering her late thirties. Her Prana surged into the two eggs and modified their shape, transforming them into a hand each.

"Phew, that was easy." Sighing in relief, the woman gasped, able to relax a little. Her body morphed immediately after. Her shoulders widened while her bones increased in size and density. Her reproductive organs shifted in gender as a few seconds later, a man stood in place, late thirties in age, sharing similarities with the woman.

It was Inala.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 82 Primary, Secondary, and Tertiary Natures
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Zinger!

That was what Inala had become, a mutated variety of Zinger Royalty. Yes, royalty. His powers weren't limited to a Zinger Queen alone, for that would make him a swarm type with zero individual battle power.

His plans were consistent and after repeated refinement with Gannala's input, he pretty much obtained more than what he initially set out to achieve. The results spoke for themselves.

Primary Nature—Royalty!

Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

Tertiary Nature—Spatial Immune System!

He had read Sumatra Chronicles and was aware of the means to obtain a Nature. Fusing with a Pranic Beast would net a Primary Nature. But if the cultivator fused with a Mutated Pranic Beast, then they would also obtain a Secondary Nature.

And by subjecting themselves to an extreme environment, they could even obtain a Tertiary Nature. It was as simple as that only because he was aware of a lot of rules thanks to the omniscient perspective a reader experienced when reading a book.

He was aware of a lot of rules that the natives didn't even know existed. The result was him attaining all three Natures just as he entered the Body Stage.

Inala's three Natures had a synergetic effect on each other. Individually, the three Natures were strong, but that's it. They wouldn't give anyone an edge over others. But when combined, Inala even had the confidence to face the Boar King.

Of course, not at present. When he attains peak cultivation and has enough time to prepare, he'll be at a level necessary to wound the Boar King.

The Primary Nature of Royalty was as its name indicated. It contained traits of Zinger Royalty—King and Queen Zingers.

It was this trait that added the monicker of Empyrean to the name of his mutated version, increasing the Grade from Iron to Silver. It allowed Inala to transform into two forms: Empyrean Zinger King and Empyrean Zinger Queen!

By transforming into an Empyrean Zinger King, he'll have a robust body and could also use Prana Bombs. And when he became an Empyrean Zinger Queen, he could create Life Bombs, which was what he used against the Zinger King.

And as the absorbed lifeforce was from an Iron Grade Pranic Beast, the egg wouldn't form a queen. Thereby, when Inala consumed its contents, he absorbed the lifeforce stored in it, growing younger in response.

Creating a Life Egg consumed a decade's worth of lifespan, so they had to be used judiciously. Well, as long as he had enough prey, he could spam them.

This was the Primary Nature of Royalty's effect when he was an Empyrean Zinger. But when he activated it in his human form, he could change genders as a human, possessing both male and female versions.

This had a significant advantage—deception.

As a Mammoth Clansman, Inala would operate with his male identity. But for anything else, he'll use his female identity, thereby able to perform a lot of activities in secret.

Even if an identity becomes problematic, he could take refuge using the other identity in plain sight. By overcoming the gender restriction, Inala obtained an ability that allowed him to fluidly change his genders.

The change was fundamental, down to a genetic level. He could even give birth in his woman form. Of course, he had no intentions to do anything like that.

Following that was the Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity. This needn't be explained, for it was the Primary Nature of an Empyrean Tusk. This elevated his abilities to a whole other level. A casual Prana Bomb he chucks would possess weight in the hundreds of kilograms as long as he used his Secondary Nature to raise its density.

Now that he was no longer affected by the Fragment Disease, his body was robust and wouldn't collapse upon physical exertion like before. This was the reason that made the Zinger King helpless. As it lost its lifeforce, the three eggs on its body weighed it down, preventing it from getting up and regaining balance.

It was anchored to the ground and helplessly lost its life. Finally, there was the Tertiary Nature, his card to face the Boar King in the future.

The hole in the ceiling covered by a layer of mud shattered as two Zinger Scouts burst through, landing in the living room. Right as they entered, two Life Bombs slammed into them heavily. As their weight surpassed a hundred kilograms each, they packed a punch, shattering the bones of the two Zingers upon impact.

The two Zinger Scouts couldn't even let out a shriek as their necks were twisted by the attack. As they lay sprawled atop the Zinger King's corpse, the two eggs absorbed their Prana and hatched. Two baby Empyrean Zinger scouts walked out as they let out weak chirps.

They were hungry, gobbling the Zinger Scouts' flesh and blood. By the time they were full, their bodies had slightly grown in size.

Inala seeped his Prana into the two Empyrean Zinger Scouts, causing them to curl up and shrink in size, becoming nail-sized. He pocketed them, feeling a faint stream of Prana surge out of his body and seep into them, maintaining their well-being.

This was the Tertiary Nature of Spatial Immune System. It was his version of a Mammoth Clan.

A Zinger Queen didn't control the Zingers it birthed. All Zingers protected and obeyed it only for a transactional purpose, because only the eggs she created allowed them to increase their numbers and expand their colonies.

In contrast, as an Empyrean Zinger Queen, the eggs Inala creates would hatch into Empyrean Zingers that treat him no different to how Mammoth Clansmen treated an Empyrean Tusk—with Respect, Devotion, and Pride.

The Empyrean Zingers would become an army that charged at his command. Moreover, the Tertiary Nature allowed him to shrink their bodies and store them in his pocket. Of course, maintaining an army of them was a resource-intensive process. But he had plans geared in place for that.

Only the Life Bombs needing to birth a queen required him to use his lifespan. To birth normal Empyrean Zingers, he consumed the same amount of Prana as a Prana Bomb.

Of course, only the fluid within an unhatched Empyrean Zinger Queen egg would grant him lifespan upon consumption.

Using the Mystic Bone Art, Inala refined four eggs in total, transforming them into hands for his Puppetry Skill.

He named the hand refined through an Empyrean Zinger Queen egg as Life Hand. The hand refined using the Empyrean Zinger King's Prana Bomb was called Prana Hand. Two Life Hands and two Prana Hands, for a total of four, the limit of Spirit Weapons he could control through his Puppetry Skill.

'Let's see their effectiveness.' Thinking as such, Inala made a Life Hand touch one of the Zinger Scouts, watching it writhe in pain for a couple of seconds before dying. In response to the touch, a faint stream of lifeforce entered his body, adding to his lifespan, turning him a tad younger.

"The efficiency is barely a quarter as compared to its egg form, but it's easier to use this way," Inala muttered as he leaped to the side and rolled on the floor, watching two Prana Bombs slam into the floor.

An army of Zingers began to bombard his house.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 83 War Against the Zingers
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Give me at least a minute to feel good about my gains," Inala complained as he continued to roll on the floor, watching the ceiling shatter in multiple locations.

He sent a Life Hand flying forward and grabbed a Zinger Scout's neck, watching it writhe in pain.

Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

The gravity within a Prana Hand increased sharply, making it heavier right before it made contact with a Zinger. There was a sharp increase in control difficulty due to the increased weight, but it was only for an instant, so Inala didn't feel the strain.

Right as the Prana Hand became heavy, it slammed into the Zinger's face, shattering the latter's skull. Immediately after that, it became light and retreated towards Inala.

A Prana Hand weighed around two kilograms in its base state. When Inala raised its weight through his Secondary Nature, it increased to around forty kilograms. But if he focused all his Secondary Nature's effect on one Prana Hand alone, then its weight would hit a hundred kilograms.

And when it travelled at a speed surpassing fifty metres per second, the resulting momentum was skull-shattering.

Moreover, upon contact, the Prana Hand absorbed the Zinger's Prana, alleviating some of his consumption burden. If not for him fleeing away nonstop, he would have taken his time to absorb Prana from his targets comfortably.

A Zinger Scout threw a Prana Bomb at him. Right as it approached his face, a Prana Hand swatted it to the side, stunning the attacker. After all, the Prana Bomb didn't attach to the hand. Moreover, when the Prana Hand grabbed it again, its Prana was stolen instead.

Prana Bombs don't stick to each other as their similar properties cancel out. As the Prana Hand was made from one, the Prana Bomb didn't stick to it. Moreover, the property of a Prana Bomb's absorption had a clear hierarchy due to their level.

The Zinger Scout was a Beginner Iron Grade Prana Beast. Meanwhile, his Empyrean Zinger was a Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast. Therefore, the Prana absorption effect of his Prana Bomb vastly outclassed the former.

As a result, the Zinger Scout grunted in pain as its Prana was absorbed. Prana Bombs were the Zinger equivalent of Spirit Weapon. Therefore, through that connection, its Prana was siphoned out.

The Prana Hand held the Prana Bomb and flew away. It served as a portable battery for Inala as long as he remained within the Zinger Scout's Spirit Weapon range.

Walls shattered and the ceiling collapsed. Inala didn't even have the time to take a breather, constantly defending against the Zinger attacks. Prana Bombs flew at him through various patterns, actively controlled by the Zingers that threw them.

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

His two Prana Hands and two Life Hands flashed around, slapping the Prana Bombs like a volleyball. As the hands were heavy, they weren't bothered by the Prana Bomb impacts, able to move in the direction he wished.

Inala leaped back into the living room, rolled on the floor, and turned into a female. She got up and threw a bunch of Life Bombs before reverting to her male form and making a run for it.

The Life Bombs slammed into the Zingers and absorbed their Prana, drying up most of the Zinger Scouts. The eggs hatched and Empyrean Zinger Scouts rushed out, using the little Prana they possessed to turn their bodies heavy.

All Empyrean Zingers he created possessed both his Primary and Secondary Natures. They were Mutatated Pranic Beasts after all. Unfortunately, as they weren't an Empyrean Zinger Queen, they couldn't take on a female form. As a result, they could only use Prana Bombs.

But as they didn't have enough Prana to unleash a Prana Bomb, they instead consumed what little Prana remained in their newborn bodies to increase their weight through Internal Inertial Gravity.

Using their heavy bodies, they latched onto the Zingers. Their claws dig through the Zinger fur with significant weight. In a matter of seconds, they were killed. But they did manage to wound their opponents in the meantime.

Moreover, they bought enough time for Inala to rush out of his house. He carried the withered Zinger King corpse and rushed towards the closest channel that was forty metres away.

The moment he exited the house, the attention of all Zingers in the vicinity fell on him. After all, he was rushing out of the place where the Zinger Queen's egg ought to have hatched. Therefore, they knew he was the cause behind the failure.

Prana Bombs slammed with enough force they began to damage Gannala's exoskeleton. She was in her final moments, and hence, her Primary Nature had already been retracted below the exoskeleton.

That was why the Zingers could this easily destroy his house which was pretty much made from Gannala's exoskeleton.

Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

Inala turned himself as light as possible, allowing his legs to spring out as he jumped, making his figure leap a long distance. Right after he jumped and his feet left the ground, he hurriedly raised his weight to the limit.

Thereby, the momentum behind his leap increased exponentially. Even when the Prana Bombs slammed into the Zinger King corpse he was carrying, his leap arc wasn't affected. But as he didn't have the expertise, he wasn't perfect with the setup, hence only being able to cross ten metres.

'Resha could casually cross twice the distance at my cultivation.' Inala sighed, feeling the difference in talent between him and Resha in terms of battle. Inala indeed wasn't as talented in the art of fighting as compared to his peers and wasn't even worth mentioning before monsters like Resha.

It was only four jumps, barely taking ten seconds. But by the end, he was bloody, having tanked a few Prana Bombs directly. He fell face first on the floor and rolled into the channel entrance, saved from the Prana Bomb attacks, "I would have died if I fought any longer."

He had synergetic abilities, yes. But he had just obtained them. He didn't have enough experience to efficiently use them yet.

He was out of Prana due to the Prana Bombs attached to him. But when Inala placed a Prana Hand on the Prana Bomb, it absorbed Prana, allowing him to recover some of his lost reserves.

Soon, the Prana Bombs—latched onto him—fell off, empty. Inala had around twenty Prana left. He peeked from the entrance and shot out a Prana Hand, grabbing hold of a Zinger that was within reach, causing it to shriek in fluster.

"Come to me!" A second Prana Hand latched on it, preventing it from gliding as its body twitched from Prana loss. The two Prana Hands tugged it with force, slamming its body on the floor. It was barely alive as Inala attached a Life Hand to it, absorbing both its Prana and Lifeforce.

After targeting a couple more Zingers, his Prana reserves were full while in terms of age, he regressed to his actual age, a couple months away from hitting fifteen.

"I need to meet Oyo now." He muttered and sprinted through the channel, making his way to Granny Oyo's house. The thoughts he pushed to the back of his mind returned, worrying him, "If that baby is my child, can I bear to kill it?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 84 Newborn Deity
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Can I bear to kill it?" Inala muttered as he sprinted through the channel, cursing in response immediately after, "Fuck no! Whether or not it's my child, I cannot kill a baby!"

The Boar King had a vengeance to fulfil against the Empyrean Tusks. In Sumatra Chronicles, it annihilated Resha's Mammoth Clan and killed all Empyrean Tusks.

The Boar King had a Nature of devouring and assimilating the natures of all his prey. As he had consumed enough Empyrean Tusks, he had their nature too. Meaning, the moment the newborn—Empyrean Tusk baby—lets out even the faintest of cries, the Boar King would sense her location.

And he will come here immediately. The hive-mind nature of an Empyrean Tusk allows it to pick up a newborn Empyrean Tusk's cries from far away.

The Boar King typically roamed in the Dieng Canyon's vicinity, gorging on its traffic. Towards the end of Sumatra Chronicles, after the herd crossed the Dieng Canyon once again, the Boar King attacked them.

Therefore, as he prowled around the region, he was well within the range to pick up the baby's cries. That meant doom for the herd. 'Even with endgame Resha, the herd wasn't equipped to deal with him.'

'What happened that night?' He thought in worry, 'Did Oyo somehow derive the method to birth baby Empyrean Tusks through the information she interrogated out of me? My hip bones were in the worst shape when I woke up the next day. Does that mean she slept with me to make the baby?'

He had a lot of questions but no answers. But whether or not he had the answer, Inala knew he couldn't bring himself to kill the baby. That would traumatise him for life. He didn't have a destructive tendency like Blola or Virala.

As long as the result wasn't too gory, he could kill Pranic Beasts. But that was it. He hadn't killed any humans. He was averse to the notion. The only way he could kill someone and not be traumatised was when they were scum and made him angry enough to warrant death.

But a baby was innocent, the purest of living beings. All mammals instinctively cared for and protected the young of their race, whether it be their offspring or not.

On Earth, one of his friends married and had a baby. He of course visited them to offer his congratulations. It was a formal visit. He wasn't even that close with that guy. But despite that, when he stared at his friend's son, he was overcome by a protective instinct.

That was genetically coded in everyone. And Inala didn't have the means to overcome that. 'Then, there's only one option.'

By the time he reached the end of the path, Inala firmed his mind, patting his Storage Lantern, 'I have enough Empyrean Tusk's tusk bone powder to build my body. I can survive away from the Settlement for a short duration.'

He planned to flee with the baby and live in a human kingdom for a few years, until the baby grew up enough for her cries to not broadcast her location to every single Empyrean Tusk in the region.

Since he knew the herd's travel route by heart, Inala could camp at a farther location and wait for the herd to pass through, returning to the Clan alongside the mature Empyrean Tusk.

But this was a last resort. As long as the baby doesn't cry, he wouldn't have to risk his life. 'Dammit, this isn't fair!'

Inala reached the end of the channel and he leaped out, using the Zinger King's corpse as a cover; he made a beeline towards Granny Oyo's house and kicked the door down, "Oyo!"

There was no sign of life in the house. He expanded his senses and tried to detect any other traces of Prana, failing to find any. 'If she's not here…'

He hurriedly recalled the information in Sumatra Chronicles, 'Right, she had an underground refinery.'

There was a channel entrance within the house itself; Inala rushed through it and arrived at a node, noticing multiple paths trailing from it. "Right, the one on the right extreme."

He quickly reached the end of the channel and banged on the door. It seemed sealed from the inside. Inala took a couple of steps back as his Prana Hand slammed forth, raising its weight to the limit, and bombarded the door.

It took him almost a minute to break through, entering the barren room inside to see a frail woman sprawled on the floor. She was weak, like a brittle tree branch. Blood covered the floor, having coagulated after extended exposure to air.

All the vials on the shelves were strewn haphazardly, their contents consumed in a hurry. The room was filled with a dense, bloody stench. Inala controlled his shock and noticed the twig-like woman on the floor.

"You…you're here." The woman was of course Granny Oyo. But unlike her overbearing powerful self from before, she barely had any strength in her. A glance at her and Inala knew that she was no longer a cultivator.

Held in her hands was a baby that seemed to have been birthed mere minutes before. Granny Oyo only had enough strength to cut the umbilical cord. She couldn't even clean up the blood covering the crying baby. Yes, crying.

"Uwaah! Uwa!"

At the baby's cries, Granny Oyo said in pride, "Never in my life did I think I would get the honour to birth an Empyrean Tusk. My hollow life finally feels fulfilled."

She stared at Inala weakly, her eyes tearing up, "I almost failed to deliver. Thankfully, I had enough cultivation to combust for the final nurturing of the baby. Hear her strong cries. She's born with a healthy body."

"How…long has she been crying for?" Inala asked, resigning himself to fate. He knew he was late. Despair set in him as he realised the Boar King would have heard her cries already.

"For a minute or two?" Granny Oyo said weakly as her eyes drooped. It seemed giving birth to an Empyrean Tusk took everything out of her. She was on the verge of death. After glancing at the baby, she motioned for Inala to pick her up, "I leave her in your care."

"Who…is the father…" Inala turned silent as he picked up the crying baby, his emotions a mixture of fury and sadness, 'I guess it doesn't matter.'

"I'm sorry for forcing myself on you," Granny Oyo said. Even though she seemed to be apologising, there was no hint of remorse in her eyes, "When I interrogated you that day, I despaired upon knowing my Deity's life was reaching its end. But I soon understood my purpose. It was to continue our Deity's existence and birth an Empyrean Tusk. My Mystic Bone Art reached its final level and allowed me to unearth information from my bloodline. I found out that we were compatible and our union would produce an Empyrean Tusk. So, I did it."

"You know what that means, right?" Inala stared at her coldly. "Despite facing death everywhere around us as Mammoth Clansmen, even we uphold some morals. But you…"

"A dead lady doesn't have to care about that. Whether you're angry or not is irrelevant. Punish my corpse all you want." Granny Oyo's face revealed a hollow smile as the light in her eyes died out, "I have a solid grasp of your character. No matter the process, since she's your daughter, I'm sure you'll give your everything to protect and nurture her. And as she grows up, she'll become the Clan's Deity."

"That's all I need."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 85 Gannala Falls
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Granny Oyo was dead. Inala's eyes were red, not from sadness but from anger. Moments before she breathed her last, he used a combination of Prana Domination and Mystic Skill Creator to capture the traces of Prana in her body.

Using that, he jolted awake his erased memories, able to observe the entirety of the event that transpired that night, "Fucking Demoness!"

He raised his leg and activated his Secondary Nature in full swing, bringing his foot down with force to crush her skull into a paste. He then kicked the wall, bringing down the ceiling to bury her under the rubble. 'In the novel, her obsessive character was interesting to read about, enough to become a fan. But in real life, she's disgusting.'

His anger wasn't in the least satiated, but he had to put up with that. Time was running short as Inala rushed out of her house. His two Empyrean Zinger Scouts climbed over his head in their miniature forms as they observed the sky and communicated with him about the attacks, allowing him to react early.

Prime Skill—Empyrean Slip!

Through it, he could read their thoughts in real-time, just as Gannala did to him. This was no different from getting two more pairs of sensory organs, allowing him to be more aware of his surroundings. This would only increase in the future as more and more miniature Empyrean Zingers lived on him.

"Uwaa!" The baby in his arms continued to cry as he pulled out a piece of cloth from his Storage Lantern, using some of his reserve water to wipe the blood off the baby. She would die if she wasn't cleaned of the blood.

"Shut up!" He growled when the baby continued to cry. But a moment later, he mentally chided himself, 'She's innocent. Let's not display my anger towards Oyo on her. I haven't become blinded with rage yet.'

Inala rushed into the channel and made way to Instructor Mandu's house, barging in through the channel that connected directly to his living room. All masters had access to a personal channel. Instructor Mandu was no exception, saving Inala a lot of time and effort.

"Inala?" Instructor Mandu detected his Prana signature and stopped fighting outside, returning to the living room. "Wait, whose baby is that?"

"Mine, supposedly." Inala grumbled for a moment before stating in seriousness, "Sir, I need your protection. I need to go far away from the Settlement immediately."

"Where will you go?" Instructor Mandu motioned for his family to take shelter for the time being and treat their injuries. "We cannot survive outside the Settlement."

"Gannala will die any minute." Inala said and pointed at the baby, "And she's the successor."

"What nonsense…" Instructor Mandu intended to chide Inala for his nonsense. But a steady glance at the baby and his Mystic Bone Art flared up, urging him to protect her to the extent he almost lost his mind.

"I see…" By the time he came to his senses, Instructor Mandu was on the floor, prostrating towards the baby. He stared at Inala, determined to sacrifice his life, "Why do you need to run?"

"Her cries will lure the Boar King towards us. To avoid our annihilation, I must run away and direct his attention towards me." Inala stated in a hurry.

"You'll die!" Instructor Mandu said and stared at the baby reflexively, "As Mammoth Clansmen, it's my duty to die for the Empyrean Tusk. But we can't endanger her life."

"I have a plan. Trust me!" Inala said, "That's why Gannala left things in my hand."

Inala would have been more comfortable had Grehha been around. His Tertiary Nature of Empyrean Incubator would have been perfect to protect the baby and prevent her cries from alerting the Empyrean Tusks.

Moreover, the Empyrean Incubator's nature was nurturing towards the baby's well-being. As Inala accessed part of the memories he obtained from Gannala, he understood the primary reason Grehha was granted the Empyrean Incubator was for this very purpose.

But along the way to Instructor Mandu's house, he visited Grehha's house, staring at a heap of Mud Viper corpses. Grehha seemed to have disappeared. Therefore, Inala had to change his plans and approach Instructor Mandu instead.

"Gannala…as in the 44th Empyrean Tusk?" Instructor Mandu wondered how Inala was able to find out their Deity's name. But as the situation seemed urgent, he avoided wasting time with questions, "What do I need to do?"

"Please bring me to the tip of the trunk." Inala said as he rushed out, able to feel a faint sense of fear through his Secondary Nature, 'Shit! The Boar King's already on his way here.'

His Secondary Nature was an Empyrean Tusk's Primary Nature, inherited from Gannala. The fact that it reacted with fear was a direct indicator of the Boar King's arrival. And the stronger the sense of fear stemming from it, the closer the Boar King had approached.

"Sir! We need to hurry!" Inala shouted.

"Everyone, follow me out. Protect Inala." Instructor Mandu said as his family formed a hexagon-shaped formation around Inala. Everyone was familiar with Inala since carved pretty much every single portrait in their house.

As their Mystic Bone Art reacted to Inala's daughter, they unhesitantly protected him.

"Inala!" Asaeya shouted upon seeing his group. Right as the First Major Disaster started, the guest room was destroyed. Protected by her four bodyguards, Asaeya fought her way towards Instructor Mandu's house, worried about Inala.

As she was from the 43rd Settlement, she couldn't enter the channel, for that would cause Gannala a rash immediately. It was too risky. The gravitational flux in the channels might even mistakenly kill her as they were flaring up all over the place, causing the buildings to collapse due to the Zinger attacks.

Hence, they had to fight their way on the surface, taking a lot of time. Upon seeing Inala rush out of Instructor Mandu's house, she was relieved.

"You're here." Inala felt assured by her presence, "Follow me. I'll explain things later."

"Okay!" Asaeya nodded and clapped once, causing two nearby Zingers to plummet to their deaths, having lost their sight. And with every clap from her, two Zingers lost balance.

'Grim Knell! She obtained it on time!' He felt a bit more assured now and could focus on the baby. The group would do their best to protect him. Inala seeped Prana from his palms that wrapped around the baby, hardening into an egg, beginning to comfort her.

He was protecting her by placing her within a Life Egg, expending his lifeforce in the process. As long as there was sufficient lifeforce in the egg, she would be safe and nurtured. Moreover, the fluid within was filled with the property of Internal Inertial Gravity.

Therefore, no matter how much he shakes up the egg, the baby within wouldn't even feel a thing.

"Your face!" Asaeya exclaimed upon seeing Inala age by four decades in a matter of seconds.

"Ignore it!" Inala said and increased his running speed, feeling the fear relayed by his Secondary Nature grow rapidly, 'He's closer now! Fuck!'

The group soon reached the head, now able to stare forward. But when they did so, everyone instinctively stopped, forgetting to breathe. After all, the world before them seemed to be tilting.

Thanks to Gannala's Primary Nature, they didn't notice it. But from a bird's eye point of view, it was clear. Her eyes closed shut as Gannala lost control of her body, leaning to the side before falling.

"Shit!" Inala cursed as the ground rapidly approached his face.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 86 Grehha Sabotages Yennda
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

An hour before the First Major Disaster began, a string of expletives exploded in Yennda's residence.

"You…you fucking bastard! You cheated me!" Yuza screeched in rage as she was tied to a cot, unable to move. Her stomach was bulging; she was pregnant, about to give birth. "I'll kill you! Bastard! BASTARD!"

Standing before her and calmly receiving her curses was Yennda. He double-checked to ensure Yuza couldn't struggle to break free, "Please don't try to move. Your bones would shatter from the exertion. I have injected you a lot of Mud Viper Tonic, but that doesn't mean your Fragment Disease is cured. The baby in you shouldn't be harmed."

"Is…that all you care about?" Yuza spoke in disbelief, "What about everything you told me until now? About us Death Row students having a future?"

"I didn't lie." Yennda said, "But when I talked about our future, I was only implying my own."

"You…" He stared at her stomach, "Your only goal is to birth the Empyrean Tusk."

Yennda was a coward, unwilling to take risks. Unlike the other reincarnates, he didn't have a strong base of schemes to enact or a plan to gather all the treasures and important plot points.

No, on day one, when the First Minor Crisis began, he observed the reincarnates. Everyone shone through the crisis, performing with their respective talents. Everyone but him.

Yennda ran to a corner and remained there, relying upon the shield formed by the students before him. They separated him from the Mud Vipers. And thankfully, by the time the Mud Vipers managed to reach him, the First Minor Crisis had ended.

He barely survived. That was a reality check, 'Neither on Earth, nor here. I'm no one special. In a story, I won't even become a side character.'

He was aware of his limits. On Earth, he was an office employee in the IT sector. Day in, and day out, he clocked in his cubicle. And when night arrived, he returned home and watched TV. His life was monotonous.

In terms of character, he was a dull individual. Merely four months after his marriage, his wife divorced him, taking his house with her in the process.

Reality was shit. And hence, he escaped to fantasy. Reading Sumatra Chronicles was his solace. He always dreamed of entering such a world where his blood would become fired up, a sharp contrast to his mundane, monotonous office life.

But that fantasy shattered when it became reality. When he arrived in Sumatra, he realised this place was no different from Earth. Rather, it was a multitude worse. He had the Fragment Disease, unable to even cultivate properly.

If he failed to contribute anything to the Clan, he would be chucked into a Pranic Beast's mouth. Yennda was terrified of that all along, experiencing nightmares almost daily.

During the journey to the Mammoth Fair, he almost lost his life to Resha, allowing him to gauge the sheer difference between himself and the others. He hoped to turn it around with the Roto Spear, his Spirit weapon invention.

But, things didn't proceed as he wished. The Clan pressured him daily, asking him to produce more than he could handle, threatening him with his death sentence. On earth, his superiors hounded him and here, it was no different.

Towards that, Yennda only had one thought: Fuck them!

He intended to dispose of his status as a Mammoth Clansman—where Clan's contribution took priority—and flee to a human empire. He was an engineer on Earth, having ample knowledge of gears, engines, circuits, etc.

He could rely on it and set up a shop in a human empire and comfortably make a living. No pressure from superiors, no need to risk his life fighting Pranic Beasts, and no need to worry about his future.

He planned to settle in a massive human empire that had stably survived for more than a millennium. Such empires possessed considerable strength and resources to handle any Pranic Beast invasion.

But as long as he had the identity of a Mammoth Clansman, he wouldn't be able to live beyond the settlement. After all, a Mammoth Clansman could only cultivate with the resources produced by an Empyrean Tusk.

Therefore, he intended to shed his identity. The only way to do that was to eradicate the imprint in his body. Of course, he didn't wish to become a regular human either, for that was a death sentence.

The strength of every human was dependent on their cultivation technique. There didn't exist a technique better than the Mystic Bone Art. If he cultivated a regular cultivation technique, he wouldn't even be able to enter the Body Stage.

Hence, Yennda wished to shed his Mammoth Clansman status without letting go of the Mystic Bone Art. And the key to it was an Empyrean Tusk.

Yennda managed to piece together one piece of information from Sumatra Chronicles: When a couple with the Fragment Disease copulate, the result is the birth of an Empyrean Tusk.

While in the womb, it resembled a human. Yennda had already confirmed that. Only after a significant time after birth would the baby become an Empyrean Tusk. Meaning, even though it was a Pranic Beast, it remained a human for some time.

That meant, as long as he fused with it while it was still in the womb, Yennda would become a human with the power of an Empyrean Tusk. He was assured of the fact that he would be able to cultivate like a human from the surface after that.

Yennda stared at Yuza's thinning body, "You don't have enough power to successfully give birth. So, it's perfect for my goal."

"Bas…tard!" Yuza intended to curse, but she no longer had the strength to do so. Her everything was being sucked into the forming baby.

Upon seeing that it was time, Yennda fused his 100 Spirit Containers into a unified whole, excitedly grinning as he placed a hand on her stomach, beginning to seep his Prana inside, "Thank you for your sacrifice, Yuza."

"Is that your plan, Yennda?" Suddenly, the door to his room burst open as Grehha sauntered in, calm. "That's somewhat disappointing."

"Why are you here, Grehha?" Yennda was stunned as he hurried his action, intending to finish the fusion process, suddenly screaming in pain as his body began to turn into a sculpture of bone, "Wha…what is this? WHAT IS THIS? GREHHA!"

"You needn't know." Grehha snorted as a thought from him and Yennda's body—that partially became a sculpture of bone—flew away and slammed into the nearby wall. His limbs turned into bone and melted, fusing into the wall, preventing him from breaking free.

"Gre-Grehha, w-what are you doing? Grehha!" Yennda trembled in nervousness, shouting, "Please don't sabotage my plans. We come from the same place. Please be a good brother and allow me to complete…"

"You don't have Internal Inertial Gravity, right?" Grehha calmly muttered as he crouched before Yuza.

"Wh-what are you implying?" Yennda shrieked.

"That means you aren't sensing his approach." Grehha said as he pointed at his trembling hands, "This level of fear is overwhelming me. So, please don't hold it against me, Yennda."

"I'm only doing this for our survival."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 87 Sneaky as Always
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Y-You're kidding, right?" Yennda shouted, losing his cool, "Don't you fucking screw with me!"

"You're…Yuza, right?" Grehha stared at the girl and spoke upon seeing her nod, "I'll be honest with you. Growing in your womb is an Empyrean Tusk. But, it is not guaranteed to succeed, as the requirements are tremendous. There's a nonzero possibility of successful birth only if you're a master."

"So, whether or not it's a success, you'll die, Yuza."

"I…see," All Yuza could do was sigh in response, "I don't have enough strength to even walk now. I can feel my cultivation dropping steadily."

"Therefore, I wish to propose something to you." Grehha displayed a wry smile, "You'll die either way, but with your permission, I will use my ability on you and ensure a successful birth."

"You mean to say…" Yuza glanced at the shouting Yennda once before grumbling, "I'll be giving birth to an Empyrean Tusk?"

"Yes," Grehha nodded.

"Can you guarantee it?" Yuza gasped.

"On my life." Grehha nodded.

"Then, do it." Yuza glared at Yennda, "I only don't wish for that man to benefit."

"Grehha! Stop!" Yennda bellowed, his eyes red in rage as blood dripped out, "That's my TREASURE! Don't you freaking touch it! YOU! Fu…"

"Shut up for a moment," Grehha snapped his finger as suddenly, the layer of bone covering Yennda's limbs expanded, reaching his face.

Yennda shrieked for a couple of seconds before becoming a bone sculpture, losing his life.

Not even glancing at the reincarnate he had just killed, Grehha focused all his attention on Yuza, 'The baby will come out soon. She hasn't developed enough to survive. I must prevent that.'

Tertiary Nature—Empyrean Incubator!

A greenish bubble condensed in his hand and gently seeped into Yuza's stomach, fusing with her womb. His Prana flowed into the Empyrean Incubator and was converted into an Empyrean Tusk's essence, nurturing the baby inside.

Yuza felt some strength return in her body, sensing that she wouldn't be giving birth anytime soon. "How…long must I be in this state?"

"I'm not sure," Grehha shook his head, "My ability will perfectly incubate the baby. But as I'm not strong enough, it'll take a while before the baby develops fully to become an Empyrean Tusk."

"It might take a few months," He said and lifted Yuza, carrying her in his arms as he walked out of the room.

Waiting in the living room nervously were two men, the strongest the Mammoth Clan had to offer—Bora Tusk, and Yahard Tusk.

Seeing his arrival, Bora Tusk asked in a hurry, "How is it? Is there hope?"

"Yes, Settlement Leader." Grehha nodded, "But it will take a while before she's born."

"Good! Good! Good!" Bora Tusk shed tears, "As long as there's hope, it's fine. A little bit of suffering is nothing compared to that."

"Bora, the carriages are ready." Yahard Tusk said, "I'll harness them to the 43rd Empyrean Tusk's tail. We'll protect you until you're ready."

"Thank you." Bora Tusk bowed, "I'll remain forever grateful to you."

"Man, you're creeping me out. This isn't like you." Yahard Tusk felt goosebumps on his skin, 'Why is this madman acting sane now?'

'Should I tell them or not?' Grehha felt conflicted. The baby growing in Yuza could never replace Gannala. After all, the imprint was completely dependent on the woman giving birth.

Meaning, the born Empyrean Tusk could only succeed the 43rd Empyrean Tusk. Otherwise, it would have to take up a new identity. 'The newborn can only obtain an inheritance from the 43rd Empyrean Tusk.'

If he were to reveal it, Bora Tusk might lose his sanity. Therefore, it was best to keep quiet about it until the baby was born. 'Besides, Gannala left this to my discretion. There must be a reason then.'

'Is Granny Oyo too attempting the same?' He wondered. In the Mammoth Clan, there were two women with the Fragment Disease: Oyo and Yuza.

In Sumatra Chronicles, Oyo simply ends up dying at the First Major Disaster. 'But now, things might be different. Maybe that's why Gannala didn't say anything to me about continuing her legacy. Maybe she left it to someone else. I feel Inala is the most likely, but I can't say for sure.'

He continued to think of the various possibilities while Bora Tusk and Yahard Tusk protected him and brought him to the 43rd Settlement.

An hour later, right as the First Major Disaster started, Virala rushed into a shelter alongside Ruvva and Luttrena.

"Defend! Don't let the Zingers steal our Empyrean Tusk's Prana!" An elite bellowed as he used his Bone Spear to pierce a Zinger that mistakenly flew close by.

Those in the shelter too threw out attacks, all while Virala huddled at the very back, acting weak. His attention was on the two women beside him.

"Aah!" A Prana Bomb slammed into a student and caused her to scream in pain. Her leg shattered from the impact while her Prana was being sucked by the projectile.

"Ruvva, help her!" Virala shouted in urgency, causing Ruvva to instinctively move.

"Come with me." Virala grabbed Luttrena's hands and dragged her away. While Ruvva was distracted by the student, Virala arrived at a corner of the shelter and whispered, "Where's the channel?"

"Here," Luttrena pointed as she infused her Prana into a region, revealing a narrow hole. "This leads to a main channel."

Virala jumped into the hole, followed by Luttrena. Right as she was about to close the entrance, Virala grabbed her hand, "You don't need to bother with that."

"But…" Luttrena intended to retort but a peck on her lips and she turned silent. Her eyes were glazed as she didn't seem to be aware of what she was doing.

As Luttrena led the way, Virala travelled from one channel to another, eventually entering a major channel that was wide enough for ten people to walk side by side. Security was minimal in the channel now as everyone rushed out to defend against the Zingers.

They couldn't afford to leave part of their strength inside the Empyrean Tusk. Zingers were unlike Mud Vipers. They wouldn't enter the channels. Therefore, guarding the entrance was enough.

This meant there was none to obstruct their actions as Virala sported a smile, calmly following a dazed Luttrena who took the initiative to lead him through the complex network of channels.

"We're finally here." Virala entered a dome and spoke in excitement, staring at the cylindrical object before him, covered by a thick layer of bone.

It was the 43rd Empyrean Tusk's heart!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 88 Ruvva Activates Primary Extortion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"This is the heart," Luttrena said as the glaze in her eyes flickered before soon, she became normal, expressing her confusion. "What…what was I doing?"

She looked around, stunned, "Why am I next to the heart?"

"Well, thanks for leading me here," Virala said and hugged her from behind. His hands slithered up her chest and grabbed her by the neck, choking her as copious amounts of Prana seeped into her.

"I knew I shouldn't have trusted you!" Luttrena screamed, intending to retaliate. But her Spirit Weapons weren't on her being anymore, obviously tossed away by Virala when she was in her glazed state.

She tried to transform into her Pranic Beast and kill Virala. Unfortunately for her, something seemed to obstruct her Prana, preventing her from transforming. "Gah!"

She felt suffocated, feeling her organs rupture. Her skeleton began to shrink, turning molten as Luttrena was unable to think anymore. A few seconds later, her body transformed into a fist-sized sphere, yellowish-pink in colour, sporting patterns of a lizard's scales. It hovered before Virala, the hue it emanated highlighted his excited expression.

"Sweet, another one for my collection." Grinning in response, Virala pocketed the sphere. He then took out a purple sphere and placed it on the Empyrean Tusk heart, infusing his prana into it.

Slowly, a cocoon enveloped him while a needle protruded out of the sphere and latched onto the heart, acting like a pump. It secreted a faint acid, affecting the bone. Even without drilling through a hole, blood began to drip into the cocoon.

The acid turned the bone porous, causing the high-pressured blood inside the heart to seep out. From a trickle, the stream of blood flow increased, soon reaching the level of a home shower.

The cocoon was filled with blood as Virala calmly showered in it, greedily absorbing the essence within the blood. At that moment, the cocoon shimmered, unleashing pressure as the Empyrean Tusk blood surged into Virala at tremendous speeds, beyond what he could naturally absorb.

"It…hurts!" Virala grunted in pain, but upon feeling the power surging in his body, he was too excited to bother with the pain. It was like being pumped nonstop with adrenaline.

While the blood fused into his body, Virala began to combine his 100 Spirit Containers into a unified whole, patiently waiting as the shape of the Spirit Container began to transform, soon taking the nascent structure of an Empyrean Tusk.

The cocoon shattered as the blood dripping out of the heart trickled to a stop. The blood on the floor seeped into the floor of the channel and was absorbed by the heart.

"Haha!" Gasping in exhaustion, Virala plopped to the floor, thumping his chest in victory, "I succeeded."

Primary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

He succeeded in becoming an Empyrean Tusk, "The same as Resha from Sumatra Chronicles."

"From now onwards, I too am one of the strong that reigns at the top of this world." Virala grinned.

"Is that so?" Suddenly, followed by crisp footsteps, Ruvva arrived at a halt five metres behind him, her eyes cold. She stared at him like he was dirt, commenting, "I see. So, the blood of an Empyrean Tusk grants a Mammoth Clansman with the Fragment Disease the power of an Empyrean Tusk. That's a ground-breaking discovery. If this is revealed, the Mammoth Clan's power will become unrivalled."

"Ruvva…" Virala frowned in response, "What's up with you these days?"

"You've changed."

"Is that why you left me in the shelter alone?" Ruvva snorted, "Before I realised it, my body had moved to protect that girl when you urged me. What have you done to me?"

"It's the power of love," Virala winked.

"Anyway," Ruvva tilted her head and asked, "Now that you have become an Empyrean Tusk, do you possess its Primary Nature?"

"Internal Inertial Gravity," Virala boasted, "It's my Primary Nature now."

"Perfect!" Ruvva clapped in joy, "Thank you for the gift in advance."

"What are you…" Virala frowned as nerves protruded on his neck and forehead, causing him to cough up blood, "This…what is this?"

Mystic Bone Art—Primary Extortion!

Virala stared helplessly as his Prana flowed out of his body, carrying with it the essence of his Primary Nature. He couldn't defend himself and could only glare in hatred as the essence seeped into Ruvva.

"Internal Inertial Gravity," Ruvva boasted, sporting the same tone as Virala, "It's my Primary Nature now."

The Primary Extortion Skill allowed a student at the Spirit Stage to steal the Primary Nature of their target. The primary requirement was to have sex a hundred times while using the Skill.

And every time Ruvva used the Skill, all her Prana would be lost. If not for the wealth Granny Oyo had left her, she wouldn't have been able to use it a hundred times in the past nine months.

Once it was completed, all Ruvva had to do was wait until Virala obtained his Primary Nature. She could swipe it off him and benefit instead, thereby turning Virala into a useless elite that didn't even have an ability.

"My…Primary Nature is gone…?" Virala muttered in disbelief as he plopped on the ground, kneeling as he faced the floor, completely dejected. He went from the highest of excitement to the lowest of despair in a matter of seconds.

"Thanks to you, I now possess an Empyrean Tusk's power," Ruvva commented calmly as she walked towards him and stared at the back of his head. Virala was in a state of despair as he faced the floor, not having the strength to even look up at her.

"You have two options now. First is to count your remaining days as a student and wait until it's graduation day to be chucked into a Pranic Beast mouth. Or," Her eyes turned cold as she stared at him like he was a dead man, raising her leg as she used her Primary Nature to increase its weight, "Your second option is to be crushed under my leg now."

"I'll take the third option, please," Virala said and stared up, revealing an uncontrollable smile, creeping her. Just as she intended to stomp him to death, Virala grabbed her leg and grunted, stiffening up her body.

"Impossible!" Ruvva was unable to move for some reason. Suddenly, she felt her organs rupturing as her bones began to melt. An inescapable sense of death enveloped her as the coldness in her eyes vanished, replaced by fear. She stared at Virala, unable to understand what was on his mind anymore, "You! Who are you?"

"Your ancestor," Virala commented casually as he crushed Ruvva's body into a bone sphere engraved with the image of an Empyrean Tusk's head. The bone sphere pulsed with a suffocating pressure, causing goosebumps to form on his skin.

"Sometimes, I am terrified of myself." He broke into laughter and pocketed the bone sphere.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 89 Secondary Nature of Weaponisation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"That went easier than expected," Virala commented as he inspected the spheres he had collected. There were a total of four, but the fourth was damaged. It was the purple sphere he used to extract blood from the Empyrean Tusk heart.

Virala inspected it for a while before crushing it, "It's damaged beyond repair. I won't be needing it anyway. So let me get rid of it."

Secondary Nature—Weaponisation!

This was the Mammoth Ancestor's signature ability, one she used to forge one of the greatest Clans of Sumatra. Weaponisation was an overpowered ability and could only be obtained by Mammoth Clansmen—her descendants.

But, to prevent those unworthy from getting it, the Mammoth Ancestor broke her inheritance into riddles and encrypted it to the limit. Only someone with exceptional intelligence would be able to access it.

Unfortunately for her, she had overestimated her descendants as not one managed to decrypt it. Over the years after her disappearance, her inheritance was forgotten. After thousands of years had passed, it was reduced into a children's tale recounted to the students at the Academy of Refinement.

Yes, the most common book accessible to all Mammoth Clansmen was in truth the Mammoth Ancestor's inheritance.

Oftentimes in Sumatra Chronicles, there came verses hinting about the worlds floating in the sky, observable from all across Sumatra Continent.

At times, there existed one world, sometimes two, and sometimes even a dozen. Their numbers varied randomly, but at least one world floated in the sky. And it was so far away that it couldn't be accessed, since no entity in their world could fly.

Virala linked all these verses and concluded that the Mammoth Ancestor was indeed alive. She was in one of these worlds. And before heading there, she left behind an inheritance.

It took Virala one month to determine that the inheritance was in the children's book. Following that, he only had to activate his cultivation technique while reading the book. A month later, words began to hover in his mind, becoming a puzzle.

Four more months later, Virala finished piecing the puzzle together, obtaining the inheritance, which was the Secondary Nature of Weaponisation.

Virala had strict rules to follow for Weaponisation to take effect. So, it wasn't easy to use it. But that wasn't an issue for someone like him.

Depending on the strength of the target, the number of rules increased. Once Virala satisfied all the rules, he could use Weaponisation on the target.

When applied, the target wouldn't be able to move as their body would be compressed and refined into a fist-sized sphere. This sphere was called a Nature Weapon and it contained the Primary Nature of the target.

A Nature was how an entity lived as. The Mystic Bone Art allowed the cultivator to refine bones as they pleased while digesting everything their stomachs consumed. Weaponisation was a combination of the two taken to the extreme.

It refined the target body into a portable sphere while preserving its Nature. As a result, the Nature Weapon possessed in it the essence of the target's Primary Nature.

A cultivator could possess three Natures in total. Primary, Secondary, and Tertiary were simply the names given to the three slots.

Through Weaponisation, Virala could freely equip and deequip these Nature Weapons in his empty slots. And the day he obtained this Secondary Nature, Virala knew what Ruvva was up to.

After all, Granny Oyo gained inspiration from Weaponisation to create the Primary Extortion Skill. While interrogating Inala, she was inspired and managed to unlock some of the puzzle pieces from the children's book.

She didn't know the truth and hence stopped at creating the Primary Extortion Skill. But had she focused on her inspiration and researched the children's book deeply, maybe she might have discovered the inheritance.

Whenever Ruvva activated the Primary Extortion Skill, Virala could feel its effects. But, he didn't stop her. After all, he wanted her to steal his Primary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity.

When stolen, it freed up his Primary Nature slot, allowing Virala to freely equip a second Nature Weapon. With two free slots, he could change his combination of Natures—depending on the situation—with greater variation.

It gave him more freedom to work with. Hence, he patiently waited for Ruvva to take action. He had already satisfied all the rules necessary to steal the Primary Natures of both Ruvva and Luttrena.

Eventually, things fell into his plan just as he had expected.

Weaponisation had some limits though. First was that it could only be used on an individual with one Nature. Meaning, people like Inala—who had three Natures—were out of the question. Secondly, Nature Weapons only possessed 75% power of their original.

But that didn't diminish the fact that he could freely change his Natures through it. He only had to carry a bag of Nature Weapons and remain unstoppable. Moreover, even though he lost his Primary Nature, he was still an Empyrean Tusk.

Meaning, he had the lifespan and Prana capacity of an Empyrean Tusk, allowing him to freely use as many abilities as he pleased.

Virala equipped two Nature Weapons and ran through the channel, stealthily returning to the shelter. Now that he had entered the Body Stage, his goal was to survive the First Major Disaster. From time to time, he attacked the Zingers, all while on the lookout for a Zinger King.

He intended to capture one and steal its Primary Nature. 'Prana Bomb is a very useful ability. It'll allow me to steal Prana from my enemies and replenish my reserves. It will also conserve my training expenses. And a Zinger King's Prana Bomb is the most effective.'

There were thousands of Zingers attacking the shelter alone, overwhelming the Mammoth Clansmen hiding within. Among them was a Zinger King.

Upon noticing it, Virala equipped the Natures of Mud Bomb and Internal Inertial Gravity, perfect for capturing a target. But the moment he equipped Internal Inertial Gravity, he stopped and stared at his hands in shock, seeing them tremble nonstop, "This is…fear?"

A few seconds of pondering later, he realised this was a fear that innately stemmed from an Empyrean Tusk's nature. And there existed only one entity that could make them feel that way, "the Boar King…"

The moment he arrived at that conclusion, Virala rushed out of the shelter and tanked the Prana Bombs that slammed into him by raising his weight to the limit. He sprinted until he reached the edge of the settlement and shot a Mud Ball onto a Zinger Scout's stomach, raising its weight until it brought the Zinger within his range.

Virala grabbed a Zinger corpse from nearby and refined its bone into a rope that he slung around the Zinger Scout's neck and jumped from the settlement.

While the Zinger Scout struggled to break free, he climbed onto its back and held it for dear life, watching it fly away from the 43rd Empyrean Tusk. Soon, it crashed into a cliff as Virala jumped out and grabbed a dangling tree root.

He climbed to the peak soon after and took refuge at the top of a Baobab tree, trembling as he sensed the Boar King's presence draw near. He watched the herd move away from him, witnessing the sight of Gannala collapsing.

Soon, he was paralysed by fear, unable to move. Not to mention being able to move, Virala felt difficulty in even breathing, "Fuck! He's as broken as Sumatra Chronicles hyped him up!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 90 The Boar King arrives!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

An existence that had been alive for two millennia, braving through countless dangers to prove her existence as an apex entity, that was Gannala.

Having killed countless dangerous existences, including Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, the one that resulted in her collapse was a single, tiny egg.

The Zinger Queen required at least a century's worth of Empyrean Tusk lifeforce to hatch successfully. And depending on her potential, the quantity only increased.

Gannala was old but thanks to the Mammoth Clan taking ample care of her wellbeing, she would have lasted another century. Of course, that was only in terms of lifeforce. She would become incapable of supporting the Mammoth Clan in a year. That much was certain.

If she wanted to live even after that, she could roam Sumatra alone and find a spot for her weary body to hibernate. No Empyrean Tusk ever got such an end, for they were killed before reaching such a state.

Gannala was no different. As all her lifeforce was stolen, she couldn't even walk. Followed by a flicker, her Primary Nature shrunk, retreating towards her heart. The result of that was first felt in her legs which were no longer able to bear her body mass.

Just its body mass alone equalled a mountain. But the resources stored in the vast spaces formed in her organs added to a few dozen mountains. Without Internal Inertial Gravity, that wasn't a mass that any living creature could endure.

In an instant, the legs that lost the Primary Nature's effects turned into dust, tilting Gannala to the side.

[Move!]

Gannala shouted in a frequency audible only to Empyrean Tusks. The shout was directed to the 43rd Empyrean Tusk that jumped to the side, creating enough space for Gannala to collapse sideways.

[Everyone! Run! He'll be satisfied as long as he gets to kill me!]

Boom!

The ground ruptured upon the impact, unleashing a quake that travelled throughout Dieng Canyon, raising a dust cloud that reached dozens of kilometres into the sky.

Cough! Cough!

Inala grunted in pain as he instinctively observed the egg in his hand, relieved upon seeing the baby Empyrean Tusk remain safe. Thanks to the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity in the egg, she didn't even feel the slightest disturbance.

"Inala! Are you okay?" Asaeya's shout resounded from behind him.

Inala looked around, only seeing dust and smoke everywhere. He was stunned to notice he was hovering in the air for some reason. "I'm fine."

At his shout, a bone hand approached him and held his clothes, tugging. Asaeya floated towards him and expressed her surprise, "What's happening?"

A shockwave billowed at this moment and pushed the dust cloud away, revealing an Empyrean Tusk snout. It then gently touched him as his Mystic Bone Art activated in reflex, prompting him to activate his Empyrean Slip Prime Skill.

Inala floated in the void, able to see massive clusters of information. A tiny cluster hovered before him and seeped into him. As the information surged into his mind, Inala was able to understand what had happened.

When they were about to fall, the 43rd Empyrean Tusk inhaled air and used that to delicately keep them afloat in the air. It had taken action thanks to Gannala's request. Moreover, Gannala communicated Inala's plan to the 43rd Empyrean Tusk.

The memories told Inala that the 43rd Empyrean Tusk would take Gannala's place to send him flying away.

Immediately after that, Inala returned to reality and stared at a second snout nearby. That was Gannala's. And oozing out from it was a stream of essence—her Inheritance.

[Henceforth, you're Gannala!]

Gannala announced to the herd as she transferred her everything to the newborn and breathed her last. Her trunk collapsed to the ground and caused another rumble.

Inala didn't even have enough time to process things as he took action in a hurry. All the Prana Bombs stored in his Storage Lantern flew out as he consumed them all and created a giant Prana Bomb that enveloped him and Asaeya.

Inala wasn't sure where Instructor Mandu was. The 43rd Empyrean Tusk only saved him and Asaeya, leaving him with no other choice, 'I wanted to flee with a large group as it was safer. Dammit! Nothing goes completely as planned here!'

The giant Prana Bomb finished forming as his two Prana Hands and Life Hands latched onto its outer surface, merging into it.

The 43rd Empyrean Tusk inhaled air as the giant Prana Bomb flew into the trunk. Suddenly, a dense amount of Prana surged into it, filling it with more than enough effect of Internal Inertial Gravity.

The air was compressed to the limit as the 43rd Empyrean Tusk pointed the trunk at the sky, aiming in a certain direction before releasing the compressed air. Like a bullet, the giant Prana Bomb shot out at hypersonic speeds.

Despite the intense speed, Inala didn't even feel the slightest of jerks within, capable of seeing the herd once he turned the giant Prana Bomb translucent. Thanks to the 43rd Empyrean Tusk reinforcing the giant Prana Bomb's exterior, it didn't crack even while travelling at such speeds.

"He's here!" Inala muttered as the fear he was feeling reached its zenith. He stared in its respective direction, noticing a dot that made a beeline towards the herd. The mountains in its wake crumbled in response.

After a moment of hesitation, Inala revealed a faint crack on the baby Empyrean Tusk's egg, causing a faint cry to leak out. Immediately in response, the dot curved its path and turned his way. The mountain beneath it turned to dust as the dot jumped into the sky, travelling a notch faster than the giant Prana Bomb.

The dot gradually increased in size, revealing a humanoid individual that unleashed a ravenous roar. His body ballooned in size to become a massive boar that approached him even faster.

Mystic Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Boar King!

"Fuck!" Inala closed the crack on the baby Empyrean Tusk's egg as his heart palpitated upon seeing the Boar King up close. He burned up his Prana to barely reinforce his body through his Primary Nature. Only then could he endure the sheer pressure exuded by the Boar King.

His plan was simple. Using the baby Empyrean Tusk's cries, he would lure the Boar King while flying away. Thereby, he would prevent the Boar King from finding the Empyrean Tusk herd. Of course, he wasn't a martyr. He intended to flee successfully.

"Don't faint!" He shouted at Asaeya, using pain to keep her awake. "At my signal, use the Grim Knell's power on his eyes!"

"O-Okay!" Asaeya trembled in fright, using pain to stay sane as the Boar King approached closer and closer.

When there was less than ten kilometres between the two, Inala shouted, "Now!"

Primary Nature—Linked Rupture!

Asaeya lost sight in her eyes, linking it to the Boar King who also became blind…for an instant.

At that moment, the two Prana Hands and Life Hands attached to the giant Prana Bomb's outer surface morphed in shape, transforming into curved wings—tiny in size, shaped like shark fins—as they caused the giant Prana Bomb to spin in response, assuming a helical pattern. At hypersonic speeds, even a small change in shape would result in completely different motion paths.

The abrupt change caused the Boar King to miss as he moved straight while the giant Prana Bomb swerved in its helical pattern and brushed past him. Due to his superior speed, he moved past them.

Inala faintly changed the lengths of the four tiny wings, causing the giant Prana Bomb to curve faintly and move in another direction. There was an angle of thirty degrees between the path taken by the giant Prana Bomb and the Boar King.

For an instant, the Boar King lost his sight. And when he regained them, the Prana Bomb was no longer before him. He stared to his side, watching his target going farther and farther away in another direction.

As he couldn't fly, it would take him a while before he reached the ground. Even if he were to leap that, his target would have vanished by then. After all, both were travelling at hypersonic speeds, 'Using my speed against me, that's a first.'

Reverting to his human form, the Boar King gently landed on a mountain, impressed, "The baby Empyrean Tusk's cries were revealed only for an instant to lure me this way. And the moment I missed my target, her cries have been masked."

"Moreover, there was someone with the power of a Grim Knell within that Prana Bomb. That's a solid scheme to escape from my sights." Muttering as such, he stretched his limbs and turned around, "Anyway, I finally found the herd."

He kicked the mountain, crushing it into dust as his figure flew out, making a beeline towards the Empyrean Tusk herd, "I'll annihilate them this time."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 91 Empyrean Tusks Vs Boar King (Part 1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What the hell happened?" Resha was stunned when the blood churning in Gannala's heart turned stale. The muscles were beginning to sport tears while the cage of bone surrounding the organ cracked rapidly.

"Wasn't there still time…?" Resha wondered before he stared at himself, "I see, so I was the one that accelerated her death."

Resha condensed strength in his legs and shot out of the heart, using the ruptured blood vessel to enter a channel. He looked around in fluster, watching the channel beginning to shatter, "There's no longer any presence of her Primary Nature here."

His heart lurched as Resha could conclude, watching everything in his vicinity shatter, "It happened, huh."

Gannala was dead!

He choked up, feeling an urge to cry. But knowing very well of the important matters at hand, he rushed out, intending to protect the Clan and minimise damage to a minimum, 'Once these channels finish collapsing, the space within the organs would rupture and cause all the resources in them to spill out. It would be akin to a volcanic eruption.'

In his previous life, this eruption killed more Mammoth Clansmen than the Zingers. The explosion didn't just shave the Mammoth Clan population, but also injured more than a dozen Empyrean Tusks, drastically bringing down their fighting power.

It was a vicious cycle following that, an unending downward spiral until their eventual annihilation. Without wasting any time, Resha jumped out of a channel and arrived at the surface, stunned to see a shadow loom over him, "Oh! Fuck!"

The 43rd Empyrean Tusk was falling towards him. With a snap of his finger, Resha caused Gannala's exoskeleton bone nearby to flow towards him like water and condense into a spear. Its ends extended into a rope that he held.

"Urk!" Followed by a grunt, Resha threw the bone spear towards a Baobab tree far away, accurately hooking it. He lightened his body to the limit and tugged the rope, flying towards the cliff. Upon reaching the peak, he turned around and stared in shock, watching the 43rd Empyrean Tusk collapse upon the 44th Empyrean Tusk.

And the cause was an individual at the sight of whom, Resha shuddered in fright. An instant later, he raged, "Boar!"

"Isn't this Gannala?" The Boar King uttered in surprise after making the 43rd Empyrean Tusk fall. His figure flickered and appeared before the 44th Empyrean Tusk's eyes. He plunged his hand and pulled out her hill-sized eye, clicking his tongue as he turned it into paste.

Looking no different from a human but sporting strength to move mountains, that was the Boar King. He clenched his hand into a fist and increased its density before slamming down a punch, causing tremors to ripple throughout Gannala's head as her skull shattered.

"Come on! Why are you dead before I could kill you? That isn't fair, you know?" Even though he complained, his fists didn't stop moving, caving in Gannala's head, "Your blasted herd annihilated my entire race. Isn't it courtesy to remain alive until I exact my revenge?"

"Wait a second…Ah, I see." He grinned, "No wonder. It makes sense now."

"Kurr-Rhaaa-Alalala!" Followed by a thunderous trumpet, a trunk slammed into him and sent him flying.

The Boar King crashed into a mountain and emerged from the other side, stopping only after penetrating ten such mountains. Laying in the rubble of the last mountain he crashed into, the Boar King expressed admiration as a trail of blood leaked out of his nose, "That was a tough punch!"

He stared at the Empyrean Tusk that had attacked him, grinning as he jumped onto a mountain peak and stared down at his opponent, "Considering your strength, you must be the leader of this herd."

The one that had attacked him was the 1st Empyrean Tusk, the leader of the herd and their strongest. Only it had enough strength to actually injure the Boar King.

"Let's see…oh, where are my manners…" The Boar King coughed once before speaking. But this time, his voice was audible only to the Empyrean Tusks.

[Gannala finished her inheritance ceremony, right? So, that baby is the new Gannala? Don't worry. I'll go kill her after annihilating the lot of you! Your race will end at your generation!]

Phew!

Suddenly, all 43 Empyrean Tusks ejected their respective Mammoth Clansmen, gathering them on a mountain.

Immediately in response, the settlement structures covering their bodies melted to create a uniform surface, raising the strength of the exoskeleton.

[Wow, you're gearing up for battle pretty quickly!]

At the Boar King's comment, the Empyrean Tusks snorted and completed their preparations. Their exoskeleton moved across their body like a river, constantly circulating from head to toe. Their joints too had morphed to allow dextrous and flexible movements.

Their Primary Nature was activated in full swing, consuming the resources stored in their bodies at a tremendous pace. Their bodies became heavy, causing the ground to begin sinking naturally.

Upon seeing their actions, the Zingers immediately vacated the region, creating a battle space of three dozen kilometres that was bereft of their existence. It was a large enough space for these Deity-like existences to duke it out.

"Kukugaaa!" A shout resounded through their community as they further widened the encirclement. Most of the Zingers retreated deeper into the Dieng Canyon's core, afraid.

Terrifying pressure crept upon the region, causing the mountains to faintly tremble in response as 43 Empyrean Tusks and the Boar King stood in a face-off. It lasted for two minutes before being broken by the Boar King.

"Come! Today is the day I eradicate the Empyrean Tusks!" The Boar King roared as he leaped, entering hypersonic speeds as he made a beeline towards the 1st Empyrean Tusk, intending to deal with the leader of the herd first.

As long as the leader died, the rest were easy picking.

In response to his lunge, the 1st Empyrean Tusk pointed its trunk at him and blew out a stream of high-pressured water, instantly negating his momentum.

The moment he was stopped, a shadow loomed over him as the 2nd Empyrean Tusk leaped into the sky, rapidly moving its centre of gravity in a circle as it began to spin. Using the motion, it unfurled its trunk like a whip and slammed the Boar King into the ground, creating an earthquake as dozens of mountains collapsed.

Following suit was the 3rd Empyrean Tusk that stomped upon the ground, reverberating shockwaves through it that accurately acted upon the buried Boar King and sent him flying out.

By now, 24 Empyrean Tusks had taken a circular formation, having compressed air in their trunks to the limit as the snots were pointed at the Boar King. Right as he came in position, all 24 Empyrean Tusks unleashed an ultrasonic soundwave, concentrating everything onto their enemy.

"Urgh!" The Mammoth Clansmen grunted in pain as their eardrums ruptured merely from the faint dregs of sound waves that wafted out.

The 43rd Empyrean Tusk rushed toward them and stood between them and the shockwaves, protecting them. This way, while it protected the Mammoth Clan, the stronger Empyrean Tusks could focus on fighting the Boar King.

The Mammoth Clansmen stared agape at the scene of mountains casually being destroyed like they were paper cards. Such was the peerless might of the Empyrean Tusks, worshipped as Deities by the Mammoth Clan.

And these Deities had gone all out in order to vanquish their foe.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 92 Empyrean Tusks Vs Boar King (Part 2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Secondary Nature—Astral Chart!

The ultrasonic sounds combined into a cluster and impacted the Boar King's body, rattling him down to the minutest of cells. It wasn't a mere sound attack, but one directed at his weakness. The Empyrean Tusk group of 24 constantly varied the ultrasonic sounds until they figured out his body's resonant frequency.

It is a sound frequency at which an object vibrates the maximum. When a sound wave reaches the natural frequency, the target vibrates the maximum, hence terming the phenomenon resonance. And when a body reaches resonance, its molecular structure vibrates the maximum, causing the bonds to weaken and over time, rupture.

As a result, blood spurted out of the Boar King's body, causing him damage. But suddenly, the resonant frequency of his body changed as his density morphed, reaching new levels, thought impossible for even Empyrean Tusks. The reason…

Astral Chart—Internal Inertial Gravity!

Astral Chart—Internal Inertial Gravity!

The Boar King stacked the effects of two Natures, with both being Internal Inertial Gravity, raising his density to the limit. The sounds impacting him were suddenly reflected to the source, causing the 24 Empyrean Tusks to blank out for a moment.

"You made me use a second Nature," The Boar King commented. But this time, he was truly pissed. The wounds on his body healed in an instant as he growled, "Since it has come to this, let me add a few more Natures."

Astral Chart—Prana Shock!

Astral Chart—Prana Shock!

.

.

.

Astral Chart—Prana Shock (x8)!

The Boar King inhaled slowly before clapping his hands in quick succession, unleashing waves of Prana Shocks at his targets, causing the Empyrean Tusks to slide backward, even when they had raised their body weight to the limit.

Deep groves formed on the ground as the Empyrean Tusks grunted.

Two Empyrean Tusk Primary Natures and eight Shock Lizard Primary Natures, for a total of ten. The Boar King combined their power to unleash waves of shock that repeatedly slammed into his opponents, preventing them from even moving under the attacks.

Every time the Boar King clapped, a powerful shockwave was unleashed, causing ripples to course over the exoskeleton armour on the Empyrean Tusks. He especially focused on the 1st Empyrean Tusk, intending to weaken it.

"He's slightly gotten serious," Virala commented from underneath a pile of rubble. The mountain he had taken shelter in had collapsed long ago. Thankfully, he had turned his body dense enough to not sustain damage from the impact.

"So, that's the Boar King." A voice resounded from behind him, stunning Virala.

Virala turned around in reflex and almost shot out a Mud Ball, stopping upon seeing the individual, "Blola? Why did you return?"

"I thought you planned to flee to a human kingdom."

"I returned just now." Blola said as he gasped in exhaustion and plopped on a pile of rubble, "I plan to hole myself in a human kingdom. But first, I need to gather enough resources to satisfy my cultivation requirements. I have no intentions to completely cut off my connection with the Mammoth Clan."

"I'll take up some mission from the Clan and use it to hide in a human kingdom."

'That means this gloomy guy is still part of the race.' Virala thought, grunting when a shockwave slammed into him, destroying the rubble further. "Damn, he's going wild."

"He's still holding back." Blola muttered as he defended himself with his Primary Nature and commented, "You know his fight against Resha at the climax. He doesn't stop at merely using ten Natures. Besides, except two, the rest are from Shock Lizards, merely Natures of Iron Grade Pranic Beasts. Once he becomes serious, he'll use stronger Natures."

The Secondary Nature of Astral Chart was a list of Natures accumulated by the Boar King, his speciality. The function of this Nature was to use these stored Natures. Of course, it had a limitation in that once activated, the Nature would vanish from the list after the Boar King stopped using them.

Meaning, the ten Natures he was using would vanish once he stopped fighting. Something like that didn't matter to the Boar King though; he could easily gather more Natures.

Primary Nature—Voracious Nature!

The Primary Nature of every Pranic Beast devoured by the Boar King would be collected in his body. And through Astral Chart, he could list and store the necessary ones and eject out the rest.

These two Natures combined turned the Boar King into the most broken of existences. After all, Voracious Nature allowed him to collect the Primary Natures of every Pranic Beast he consumes. And Astral Chart allows him to selectively store 100 Natures.

That didn't end at that. If the need arises, the Boar King could activate all 100 Natures at the same time and stack their effects on each other. This aspect was what made him a broken character.

Just having the Primary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity made an existence stand at the peak of Sumatra. But what about two? Three? Or even more? It was simply a matter of how absurd one could get. That was the Boar King.

"I know that he's holding back." Virala snorted, "That's why we haven't been pulverised by the shockwaves. If he stacks one more Internal Inertial Gravity, this region is doomed."

While they conversed, the duo checked each other out by observing how they reacted to the shockwaves reaching them.

'This madman indeed killed the baby Empyrean Tusk Resha's parents were bringing to us. Since they're not here, he probably killed them too. That's perfect.' Virala thought, 'I can reveal this information to Resha and get Blola killed.'

'I'm pretty sure this psycho pieced things together. He's smart at such things. But, it doesn't matter. I have the same power as Resha.' Blola thought, 'I can survive a fight against him. Besides, I only plan to trade with the Clan and run away.'

Blola smirked suddenly upon completing his observation of Virala, 'I'm not sure how he became an Empyrean Tusk, but his Internal Inertial Gravity is weaker than mine. I can take this chance to kill him.'

It seemed Virala felt his intention as tensions rose in the air. The duo accumulated power in their bodies, about to unleash their abilities. But in unison, they stopped, their attention diverted to the battle of Deities.

There was a new contender.

[You fell to your knees!]

The Boar King commented as the 1st Empyrean Tusk lost its footing due to the nonstop shockwaves and kneeled. It was panting, having sustained a lot of injuries from the battle.

The Boar King was just about to clap once more when a green bubble enveloped him, reflecting the shockwaves back to him. For a moment, he was stunned by the shockwaves.

Unable to endure the power, the bubble burst as the Boar King glared at the source, spotting a teenager amongst the crowd of Mammoth Clansmen, "You're a bold one."

'Shit! Shit! Shit! Shit!' Grehha was losing his mind. His Prana was slowly leaking out of his body due to his fluster as it was his attack that interrupted the Boar King just now. And upon gaining the attention of the latter, he was terrified.

But when the Boar King's attention fell on Grehha, a dot made a beeline towards him from high up in the sky, accelerating as its density continued to increase, like a shooting star. The generated friction caused flames to burst out of the dot, making it resemble a falling sun.

By the time the Boar King noticed it, the shooting star made contact, transferring all the momentum to him, "Gahhh!"

His ribs shattered as the Boar King slammed into the ground, resulting in a soil tsunami. Hovering in the air at the point of impact was Resha, bellowing, "I'm your opponent!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 93 Grehha Reveals the Truth
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A couple of minutes earlier, the moment Resha arrived at the surface of Gannala and fled from being impacted by the 43rd Empyrean Tusk. He then observed his settlement people still on the 44th Empyrean Tusk, only now realising that she had died.

"Oh shit!" He hurriedly extended his bone rope, making it dance like a serpent as it coiled around the people in mass and pulled them toward the cliff. For some reason, even when they were violently tugged, they didn't experience even the slightest of discomfort.

In a couple of seconds, Resha managed to pull a couple hundred Clansmen, most of whom were students. The remainders were elites and masters who had enough time to react and flee to safety.

Only some unfortunate few were crushed by the impact of the 43rd Empyrean Tusk falling over Gannala.

Once the 1st Empyrean Tusk sent the Boar King flying, the 43rd Empyrean Tusk managed to get up and sucked in all survivors from the 44th Settlement into its trunk. It then brought them to safety and poured them on the mountain peak alongside the rest of the Mammoth Clan.

As it stood guard before them and defended against the shockwaves from the battle between the Boar King and the Empyrean Tusks, all the Mammoth Clan could do was stare blankly. They were outclassed here.

The function of the Mammoth Clan was to protect the Empyrean Tusks daily from various threats. Moreover, their existence was primarily to gather food and other necessities for their respective Empyrean Tusk.

They were only valued for easing up the lives of an Empyrean Tusk. It was because they helped the Empyrean Tusks conserve ginormous amounts of energy.

But against threats such as the Boar King, all Empyrean Tusks unanimously thought the Mammoth Clan would be of no use. That was why they sent them all to one mountain and personally participated in the battle.

The survivors would take care of the Mammoth Clan.

Originally, the Mammoth Clansmen intended to join the fight, but the first blow itself changed their minds. Against every attack that destroyed mountains, there wasn't much they could do. They couldn't even act as meat shields.

It was also the first time they saw the Empyrean Tusks truly fight. The result was an overwhelming showcase of power, on the level of Deities.

The only reason the Empyrean Tusks never fought personally and left everything to the Mammoth Clan was due to the severe resource consumption they experienced to move as they did during the battle. In a matter of minutes, the Empyrean Tusks burned through most of the resources collected in their bodies for decades.

That was why they never moved as they did now. But against the Boar King, it became a necessity. And even that wasn't proving sufficient.

While all Mammoth Clansmen gawked at the fight, Resha alone looked through the crowd. He had witnessed an even greater fight in his past life. It was where he and the entirety of the Empyrean Tusk herd pitted their lives against an even stronger Boar King, 'This fight would have ended already if the Boar King was as strong as my past life. He's still in his accumulation phase now.'

Resha quickly noticed the figures of Bora Tusk and Yahard Tusk in the crowd, sheltering Grehha. He arrived before them, for a moment surprised to see the figure of a pregnant Yuza. He wasn't a fool.

Judging by the way the two Settlement Leaders were behaving, there could only be one thing, 'I see, so that's how Empyrean Tusks are born. I had that suspicion before. And now, it's confirmed.'

"Where were you until now?" Bora Tusk glared at Resha, "You had disappeared for nine months."

"Why do you care?" Resha snorted and ignored Bora Tusk.

"You dare?" Bora Tusk unleashed his presence, intending to subdue the unruly student.

"Dare what?" A formidable presence surged out of Resha, limitless, easily drowning Bora Tusk's. It was lacking in quantity, but Resha's presence more than made up for it in terms of quality. The moment he released his presence, the 43rd Empyrean Tusk reacted.

Resha placed his hand gently on Yuza's stomach, his eyes tearing up in relief, "There's hope."

Upon seeing his reaction, Bora Tusk stopped charging his attack. Yahard Tusk silently retracted the sword that appeared in his palm and decided to observe the situation for now.

Resha stared at Grehha, "It's your power that made her birth possible."

"Yes," Grehha nodded.

"Then, you must know the truth." Resha asked, "Is the one inside her womb the successor of the 44th or the 43rd?"

"What?" Bora Tusk and Yahard Tusk blurted out in shock.

"I feared you might find out." Grehha sighed as he spoke honestly, "She's the successor to the 43rd Empyrean Tusk."

"Then…" Bora Tusk felt at a loss for words, on the verge of exploding.

Grehha's words placed Yahard Tusk in a state of alarm, 'Shit, if this madman goes in a state of frenzy now, a lot of us will be killed.'

"There's no need to fear," Grehha said and observed the 43rd Empyrean Tusk that had turned around at some point in time and stared at him. He created a green bubble and extended it, watching the 43rd Empyrean Tusk gently touch it with her trunk.

[Inala is carrying Gannala's successor. I've sent Asaeya with him for protection!]

"Guh!" Grehha grunted in exhaustion and kneeled on the ground. Through the Empyrean Incubator, he could communicate with an Empyrean Tusk for a second. After that, he would need to rest for a while before being able to repeat it. His mind would shatter otherwise.

It was through this that he found out Yennda's plans. Of course, Gannala didn't intend to stop Yennda's plans. Rather, she supported him.

But the baby growing in Yuza's womb was the 43rd Empyrean Tusk's successor, whether she was born or not. Therefore, the decision lay with the 43rd Empyrean Tusk who decided that she'll be born and won't be used for Yennda's plans. It communicated with Gannala, making a request.

It was then that Gannala told Grehha about it and left the baby in Yuza's womb in his custody.

Hearing the 43rd Empyrean Tusk's words, Grehha looked at Bora Tusk, "Did you see the projectile that the 43rd Empyrean Tusk shot?"

"Yes, it was too brief to observe what it was. But I did notice her shooting something." Bora Tusk nodded.

"In it were Inala and Asaeya." Grehha said, "They were carrying the 44th Empyrean Tusk's successor."

He then announced, "When an Empyrean Tusk is born, her cries can be heard by all adult Empyrean Tusks over a wide range. The Boar King was lured in by her cries. It seems the 43rd Empyrean Tusk had a plan in place, but the Boar King still managed to find us."

"Two babies…" Bora Tusk inhaled a slow breath and stared at Grehha, "When will Inala return?"

"When the baby matures and changes form from a human into an Empyrean Tusk." Grehha said, "Only then will he return."

"Otherwise, the newborn's voice will serve as a beacon to alert the Boar King of our location in real-time."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 94 Resha Vs Boar King
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"How much do you know, Grehha?" Resha voiced out his suspicions.

"Only as much as I've been informed by Gannala, the 44th Empyrean Tusk." Grehha responded calmly, "And the last she informed me was to ask Inala when he returns. It seems he inherited a good chunk of her memories. So, he's aware of everything, including the Boar King's origin."

"Alright, communicate with the 43rd Empyrean Tusk for me," Resha said and whispered something in Grehha's ears, stunning him.

"Are you serious?" Grehha asked in a fluster, "Even for you, it's reckless. Of all people, you should be the most aware of how suicidal that is."

"It's not entirely suicidal." Resha said and pointed at the figure of Boar King blasting shockwaves at the Empyrean Tusks, immobilising them, "If I don't take action, we'll lose more of them."

"Besides, we only need to buy some time," Resha stated in seriousness.

"Alright, I'll trust your judgement." Sighing as such, Grehha grunted as blood dripped out of his orifices. He made another green bubble touch the 43rd Empyrean Tusk's trunk and communicated Resha's thoughts to it.

There was silence for a moment before half the length of the 43rd Empyrean Tusk's tusks fell off, shocking the Mammoth Clansmen. They were aware that something was happening. Upon seeing Grehha being able to communicate with the Empyrean Tusk, they were stunned and gathered around him.

"This will do." Muttering as such, Resha placed his hand on the two broken tusks and transformed them into a pool of milky liquid that revolved around him like a river. Slowly, just as how a Storage Lantern shrunk in size, the volume of milky liquid reduced before soon, it condensed into a hammer.

Resha grabbed the hammer and stared at the 43rd Empyrean Tusk, stating, "Shoot me as high up in the air as possible. I need to be vertically above us to pull this off."

The leaders of the 44 Settlements gathered and watched in shock as the 43rd Empyrean Tusk sucked Resha into its trunk and launched him into the air at hypersonic speeds. He became a dot for a couple of seconds before vanishing from view.

As he flew up, Resha calmly kept track of the Boar King's position. Or rather, he attached a string of gravity to the Boar King. And as he flew up, his position gradually aligned itself to be vertically above him.

Resha passed through multiple layers of clouds until he was too far up, capable of observing the entire Dieng Canyon and beyond. Once he stopped, he began to freefall towards the Boar King.

A couple dozen seconds later, he attained terminal velocity, no longer accelerating after that. When that happened, he used his Primary Nature to increase his density, once again able to accelerate.

Following that was a cycle of raising his body density constantly until he hit his limit, realising in response, 'I would have obtained the same result with half the height. I'm wasting time and burning through excess Prana to shield myself from this fall. This is a lesson for the future.'

"But," He glared, clenching the hammer tighter as he churned his Primary Nature to the limit, intending to transfer all his momentum to the Boar King at the moment of contact.

As he approached closer and closer, his skin burned, despite being reinforced by his abilities. Resha didn't care about that and remained patient. At the moment of contact, he swung the hammer with all his might and slammed it into the Boar King's chest, transferring all his momentum into his target.

'Perfect, his ribs shattered from the attack.' Resha thought and bellowed as the Boar King was buried deep underground, "I'm your opponent!"

He then slowly landed on the ground, lithe like a feather after reducing his weight to the limit. His Prana surged throughout his body and healed the damage sustained from the fall.

"I felt that." A terrifying wave of killing intent wafted out of the crater as the Boar King walked out. His caved-in chest began to heal as he wiped the blood dripping from his head. But before he could fully recover, Resha grunted aloud.

Suddenly, the bodies of both flew towards each other, like non-orbiting celestial bodies in space attracting each other into collision.

When in range, Resha slammed the hammer into the Boar King's head, raising its weight to the limit upon contact. The Boar King was sent flying, but a mysterious force of gravity connected him to Resha, pulling the two closer once again.

Just as the Boar King gathered his bearing after the impact, Resha was above him once again, slamming him with another full-powered strike from the hammer.

But immediately in response, a sphere of pulsating Prana hovered before Resha and exploded, sending him flying away. A layer of bone spilled out from the hammer and formed a shield before him, protecting him from the impact.

Resha clenched his hand into a fist as the gravitational flux emerging out of his body strengthened, with the target being the Boar King and him alone. He flew towards the target and slammed another hit, quaking the ground in response.

"I'm getting used to your hits." The Boar King commented as his chest injury finished healing. He grabbed the hammer and exerted strength in it, shattering it.

"So?" Resha growled as the shattered bone fragments coiled around the Boar King like snakes and began to tie him up, "Stay put for a moment!"

As thousands of thinly compressed ropes of bone, each weighing as much as a hill coiled around his body, the Boar King stopped smiling, seriously treating Resha as an enemy, "Now I see why I'm getting a disgusting feeling from you."

"Doesn't matter," Resha condensed the shaft of his hammer into a sword and swung it towards the Boar King's neck, "Die!"

Clang!

Suddenly, scales covered the Boar King's neck, causing the sword to merely make scratch marks. The ropes binding him snapped one after another as the Boar King activated his eleventh Nature, causing his power to leap once again.

He extended his hand and condensed a giant Prana Shock, compressing it to the size of a fingernail before shooting it towards Resha, blasting the latter into a mountain.

The power was twice greater than what he used on the 1st Empyrean Tusk, severely injuring Resha, knocking him unconscious. The moment he recovered from the sneak attack, he could easily deal with Resha.

"You…" The Boar King walked towards Resha as a suffocating amount of Prana condensed in his palm. He was preparing to deliver the killing blow, activating another concentrated Prana Shock, "You're just like me, a ruler. I never thought another individual could pull it off, but I can feel it in your presence."

"You've become the Empyrean Tusk King!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 95 Swarming the Boar King
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You've become the Empyrean Tusk King!" The Boar King's announcement shocked the Mammoth Clan, causing the Clansmen to stare at each other in confusion, wondering what the Boar King actually meant.

At that moment, the 43rd Empyrean Tusk inhaled air from its trunk, pulling the 44 Settlement Leaders closer to each other. It then extended its trunk.

'It wants to communicate with us.' Grehha knew it by experience as he churned all his Prana to his head. Only this way would his head not explode from communicating with an Empyrean Tusk. Of course, all his Prana would be consumed to facilitate this, so it was the last time he could communicate.

He would need to rest for a month following this to recover his weary mind.

"All Settlement Leaders, please place a hand on this bubble," Grehha said and pointed to the Empyrean Incubator he had condensed. Upon seeing the Settlement Leaders stare at each other in confusion, he urged, "Please hurry! We're running out of time!"

As everyone touched the Empyrean Incubator, the 43rd Empyrean Tusk touched a part, causing a message to resound in the minds of all Settlement Leaders.

[Resha is our ultimate weapon against the Boar King! Protect him by sacrificing your lives!]

The command was short and it forced them to die fighting the Boar King. But there wasn't even a hesitation among the Settlement Leaders whose figures vanished from the mountain peak.

After giving its command, the 43rd Empyrean Tusk stared at Yuza and gently touched her stomach, seeping her essence into the baby growing in the womb, announcing to all Empyrean Tusks in the herd.

[She's the new Harrala!]

Harrala, that was the 43rd Empyrean Tusk's name. And now, the inheritance ceremony was completed.

Following that, the 43rd Empyrean Tusk walked towards the 44th Empyrean Tusk's corpse, observing that the space within her almost destabilised, on the verge of erupting. The explosion would destroy the region, enveloping the Mammoth Clan on the mountain too.

The 43rd Empyrean Tusk opened its mouth wide and unleashed a powerful suction force, causing a tornado to form in the area. The tornado enveloped Gannala's corpse and began to shred it apart, accurately doing so to ensure all internal organs remained in one piece.

Soon after, Gannala's body parts flew into Harrala's mouth, compressed and stored in her organs. But, this was dangerous as her body was now about to blow up too.

Seeing the 43rd Empyrean Tusk's actions, the rest of the herd hurriedly used their Prana to recover and got up for a second round against the Boar King.

"I don't know your name, but before you reach your peak, I'll kill you." The Boar King said and launched the Prana Shock, "There can only be one king in Sumatra."

Boom!

The Prana Shock resulted in a massive explosion, large enough to destroy a mountain. But right as the explosion began, shadows flew into its midst and appeared between Resha and the Boar King.

It was the Settlement Leaders. One after another, they transformed into Pranic Beasts and tanked the attack using their bodies, absorbing most of the damage.

Bora Tusk rushed at the back and transformed into a serpent as he coiled around Resha, protecting him from the explosion.

The Boar King glared as he stared at the corpses of the Settlement Leaders on the ground. He then noticed a serpent coiled around Resha, protecting him. By sacrificing their lives, the Settlement Leaders expended the Boar King's attack and ensured Resha remained alive.

"Well, you stopped one attack." The Boar King snorted and charged up a second Prana Shock.

One of the corpses in the back twitched as appearing next to it was Yahard Tusk. He didn't even glance at his corpse and leaped forward in his Pranic Beast form, condensing an energy sword that he slashed with.

The attack targeted the charging Prana Shock, interrupting the process to cause a premature explosion, sending the Boar King skidding back by a few metres.

The Boar King stared at Yahard Tusk's corpse that had intended to injure him during the explosion. His energy sword indeed managed to reach his target, but the mysterious scales growing on the Boar King stopped the attack.

And in response, he punched forth, causing Yahard Tusk's head to splatter, "That makes it two deaths for you."

The Boar King wasn't even in the least bothered by the interruption. His goal was to annihilate the Empyrean Tusk herd. And killing the leaders of the Mammoth Clan only brought him closer to the goal.

Yahard Tusk—7-Life Stage!

.

.

Yahard Tusk—5-Life Stage!

After dying twice, Yahard Tusk's cultivation dropped by two levels, turning him weaker. But he didn't mind it, for he still had five more lives. Only after he dies five more times would he truly be dead.

Besides, he could always cultivate from scratch after this and recover his lost levels. The priority was to protect Resha and survive this disaster.

Dozens of Natures were activated and targeted the Boar King, with the majority barely causing him to flinch. The Boar King systematically countered the attacks and killed the Settlement Leaders one after another, causing their levels to steadily drop, which in turn made their subsequent attacks weaker.

"You seem the strongest of the lot." The Boar King said as he tanked an attack with his face, feeling a sting as he observed the attacker, "You must be the Mammoth Clan Chief!"

The Mammoth Clan Chief was the Settlement Leader of the 1st Empyrean Tusk, the strongest in their Clan. He also boasted the highest cultivation at the 8-Life Stage. But that was an old story already.

Now that the Boar King's hand pierced through his chest and crushed his heart, he dropped a level.

Without any hesitation, the Mammoth Clan Chief appeared behind his corpse and punched forth, using his corpse as a cover to activate his Nature to the limit and unleash his strongest blow, sending the Boar King flying high in the air.

"Urgh!" The Boar King felt suffocated, unable to breathe as he felt his ribs cracking once again, 'Did I fail to fully recover from that hammer attack?'

'Something was different with his attack. He's an Empyrean Tusk King after all, though a fledgeling.' The Boar King thought, observing a foreign substance had seeped into his skeleton and was corroding it from the inside, turning him weaker with every passing second.

"This bastard…" He stared at the unconscious Resha for a moment before glaring at the Mammoth Clan Chief who had targeted the same spot, hence dealing significant damage.

"I'll leave the rest to you." Saying so, the Mammoth Clan Chief collapsed to the ground, fainting as he had used all his Prana.

A mysterious force carried the Boar King away from the battle station, right into the congregation of Empyrean Tusks that had been preparing for the attack. The image originally displayed their bodies sprawled on the ground. But once he approached them, the image vanished, replaced by the group of raging Empyrean Tusks, fully charged with their attacks.

'I didn't notice their preparation at all…' The Boar King thought in shock before glaring at a group of Settlement Leaders that coughed out blood, 'An illusion?'

"Impressive," He commented as he fell to the centre of the circle formed by 36 Empyrean Tusks. An instant later, ultrasonic sounds rattled him, this time rupturing his skeleton.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 96 Sacrifice/Murder
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Urgh!" The Boar King shouted as he felt his bones melting from the attack. He couldn't move, locked in place by the tremendous ultrasonic pressure impacting from all sides.

After enduring for an hour, his body was unable to hold on anymore, exploding in response, causing his death.

"We…won?" Bora Tusk muttered in surprise, "The Boar King is…dead?"

Thud!

The 36 Empyrean Tusks collapsed in exhaustion, almost drained of Prana. The exoskeleton armour covering their bodies retreated like the tide, reforming into the buildings that formed the settlement.

Their joints too hardened, preventing them from doing acrobatics like before. Now, they could only walk around like usual. The Empyrean Tusks had returned to their energy-saving forms.

The Mammoth Clan was stunned, in disbelief, wondering if they had truly killed the Boar King. After all, the Boar King was a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, the only one of his kind at Sumatra. Despite laying witness to the entire battle, it still felt incredulous.

"It's finally done." Yahard Tusk said and slumped to the ground, trembling nonstop once his adrenaline waned, "He's a ridiculous opponent."

"Our fated enemy is dead." The Mammoth Clan Chief announced.

Boom!

There was a surge of energy from behind them as Resha got up, bloody, but raring to fight. He growled, "It's not over!"

"The Boar King is no longer a Pranic Beast." He announced.

Tertiary Nature—Cultivator!

"You're right. I dropped from the 3-Life Stage to the 2-Life Stage." Came a reply from atop the 1st Empyrean Tusk's head. At some point in time, the Boar King had appeared there, unbeknownst to even the 1st Empyrean Tusk. He patted its head and stared at Resha, "Though, I wonder how you came to know about it. I haven't revealed it to anyone, you know?"

"Kurr-rahh-alala!" The 1st Empyrean Tusk trumped, intending to attack him once again. But it had already undone its battle mode. Hence, it couldn't use its exoskeleton armour to target him.

"Be quiet!" The Boar King growled as he condensed strength in his hand and brought down his fist, causing a thunderous sound as the 1st Empyrean Tusk lost its balance and fell.

The 2nd, 3rd, and 4th Empyrean Tusks targeted him with their trunks. But suddenly, his figure vanished. Appearing on the ground was a massive boar spanning a height of a hundred metres. It seemed like an ant before the Empyrean Tusk, but its imposing momentum was higher now.

After all, the Boar King was strongest in his Pranic Beast form. Opening its mouth, the Empyrean Boar King unleashed ten waves of Prana Shock, causing the three Empyrean Tusks to collapse.

Just as it was about to deal the killing blow, the remaining Empyrean Tusks joined the fray, resulting in a bloody dogfight. At the start, the Empyrean Boar King unleashed Prana Shocks at its opponents.

But after some time, it simply strengthened its body using the two layers of Internal Inertial Gravity and rammed into its opponents. It too was running low on Prana. Large plates of exoskeleton armour fell to the ground as blood spewed like a fountain from the wounded Empyrean Tusks.

By now, all the masters of the Mammoth Clan too joined the fray, targeting the Empyrean Boar King with all sorts of attacks. And leading the fight was Resha, ignoring his battered body to attack his enemy.

After losing a life, the Boar King's strength dropped by a level. And it was apparent that he was hesitating to use up his remaining Natures. After all, he had spent thousands of years collecting those strong Natures.

Unless the situation was dire, he intended to save them up, 'It was a mistake to attack them head-on like this. I'm still not strong enough.'

While being attacked nonstop, the Boar King thought and reverted to his human form, using the chance to evade the Mammoth Clan masters as he rained down punches upon an Empyrean Tusk, puncturing its eyes.

At present, he intended to incapacitate all Empyrean Tusks and flee. Once he recovered his strength, he would return to pick them off one after another. 'By now, all Mammoth Clan masters have died at least once. Their strength as a whole has dropped severely.'

He clapped once, unleashing powerful shockwaves that pulverised the masters. But suddenly, an Empyrean Tusk pointed its trunk at him and unleashed its compressed air. And shooting out like a bullet from it was Resha, transferring all the momentum upon impact.

"Again!" Resha roared as another Empyrean Tusk sucked him into its trunk and shot him at the Boar King. The strength of the attack was overwhelming, not to mention Resha's capability to pull the Boar King towards him, thereby ensuring the attack made contact every single time.

And when they touched, he transferred all the momentum into the Boar King's body, rattling his insides. Everyone was tiring, running low on Prana, Resha included. But they had no other choice but to keep up the pressure until the Boar King was killed.

"Is that really Internal Inertial Gravity?" Virala frowned as he observed from the side, "How's he able to unleash the effects of gravity outside his body?"

Internal Inertial Gravity was as its name implied, a Nature that was active only in their bodies. No Empyrean Tusk was able to manifest its effect outside, and the same was held true for Blola, Virala, and Inala too.

They all possessed Internal Inertial Gravity. But for some reason, Resha's was different.

"He's a regressor." Blola stared at Virala's sides, hoping for a single window of opportunity to sneak attack the latter, "He might have discovered a secret. Did you do something that forced him to take such a path, Virala?"

"Of course, I didn't…" Virala retorted before recalling that it was his plan that caused Resha to lose all his accumulated Prana. And the same day, he disappeared.

When he appeared an hour before, he was a completely different individual, whether in terms of strength, mind, or presence, 'He's already closer to how he was in the second half of Sumatra Chronicles.'

"I did tell him of your…" Virala intended to trigger Blola by saying that he had already revealed to Resha that Blola was the killer of his parents. But he stopped, noticing Blola had vanished. "Where did he go?"

Virala looked around and noticed the figure of Blola sprinting across the rubble, fleeing towards the Mammoth Clan as if his life depended on it. For a moment, Virala was confused. But immediately after, he noticed the changes happening to the 43rd Empyrean Tusk, "Oh shit."

He too used all his power to sprint towards the Mammoth Clan, for only there could he survive.

Boom!

There was a surge in presence, stunning everyone. The first to react was the Boar King, emanating dense killing intent, roaring in hatred, "Gannala! Is that you?"

He stared at the figure of the 43rd Empyrean Tusk that was charging towards him, emanating the presence of two Empyrean Tusks. It was because the 43rd Empyrean Tusk had swallowed the 44th Empyrean Tusk's corpse.

All space within it had begun to collapse, turning her into a volcano that was about to burst. And in such a state, it charged at the Boar King with suicidal intentions.

The Boar King had no intention to get caught up in such a suicidal charge. He turned around, intending to flee when a bloody 1st Empyrean Tusk appeared before him, having taken on its battle state once again.

It spun 360 degrees in the air and slammed its trunk at the Boar King, sending him flying towards the 43rd Empyrean Tusk.

The exoskeleton armour covering the 43rd Empyrean Tusk extended like tentacles and grabbed hold of the Boar King as it burned through all its Prana, constricting him for two seconds. In that duration, it opened its mouth and swallowed him, leaping with large strides as it ran far away from the herd.

The 42 Empyrean Tusks stared in sadness as the 43rd Empyrean Tusk charged deep into the Dieng Canyon as its Internal Inertial Gravity switched off. Because of the sheer volume of mass present in its body as a cluster, they unleashed their own gravitational pull, bringing all particles closer and closer.

"Shit!" The Boar King roared as he was pulled towards the centre of the mass cluster.

The 43rd Empyrean Tusk crossed dozens of kilometres with every leap, travelling far away before its body paused all of a sudden. Its legs shattered and turned into dust before shrinking into its body. Its stomach, tail, head, and even its prized tusks, all followed suit.

Breaking down into the simplest of matter, they flowed into the centre, acted upon by the sheer gravity. And as matter continued to compress upon itself, a fusion reaction was created for a second.

Hovering atop the Dieng Canyon was a miniature sun that emitted light and heat for one second before it dropped to the ground, exhausted of all combustible fuel. It resembled red hot iron, a dense lump barely a couple metres in diameter.

By sacrificing itself, the 43rd Empyrean Tusk killed the Boar King, resulting in his second death. On that day, a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast died twice. On the very same day, Sumatra Continent lost two of its most majestic creatures.

Volume 1: Empyrean Tusk—The End!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 97 Varahan Enclave
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was a day just like another in Varahan Enclave. The four Pranic Beasts dominant in the region continued about with their daily lives.

Varahan Enclave was a special place in Sumatra Continent. It was a small portion of the Sumatra Continent that peeked out into the dark territory where life couldn't be sustained.

The dark territory was called the Sandy-Grey Void and surrounded the Sumatra Continent. It was covered by grey, lifeless sand where only death awaited any entity that dreamed of crossing. There was no wind, no sound, and no life.

The sand was loose and the entire region had the property of a quicksand. Therefore, it was a death sentence to set foot on it. One would have to cross the Sandy-Grey Void to enter another continent. Until now, no entity had succeeded in it as not only was the Sandy-Grey Void treacherous in nature, but it also stretched endlessly.

No human or Pranic Beast could survive for that long.

Of course, there were moderate regions in the Sandy-Grey Void, creating what one would proclaim as 'Pathways.' These pathways were less treacherous in comparison to the Sandy-Grey Void and formed a route to another continent, though longer than if one made a beeline through the Sandy-Grey Void.

Such pathways existed only next to enclaves. Exit from anywhere else on Sumatra and you'll be faced with the brunt of the Sandy-Grey Void's treacherousness. There existed 392 enclaves on Sumatra Continent and Varahan Enclave was just one among the many.

It was a region that was a mixture of a tropical and mangrove forest, with trees reaching as high as 500 metres and water levels extending to a depth of 800 metres. Four Pranic Beast races lived here, forming their enclosed food chain.

At the bottom-most stood the Yoked Wyrm, a Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beast, too weak to even comment about. It primarily relied on a diet of moss, soil, and tree bark, boasting one of the greatest fertility rates.

If left to their devices, they would explode in population and turn a region into a barren land within a few decades. Preying on them primarily were the Razor Rats and the Petrified Geese, both Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beasts.

They were strong for their grade and moved as a group, unlike Yoked Wyrms, hence predating on the latter.? Finally, reigning at the top of the food cycle were Empyrean Boars, Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

Despite being a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, an Empyrean Boar was often ridiculed as the weakest among all Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. Even Silver Grade Pranic Beasts could kill an Empyrean Boar one-on-one.

But this was the Varahan Enclave and not the Sumatra Continent. With there being only a narrow valley connecting the two, Empyrean Boars lived in their bubble, having close to no interaction with the outside world.

They happily preyed upon the three weaker Pranic Beast races and thrived. But, that all changed with the arrival of a group at the entrance to the Varahan Enclave.

Spanning a height of 1.6 kilometres on average, a breadth of 0.6 kilometres and a length of 2 kilometres, a walking fortress of might, an entity that stood at the pinnacle of Sumata Continent.

Empyrean Tusk!

A herd of 188 Empyrean Tusks had gathered, brimming with a suffocating might to the extent no Pranic Beast dared to even approach in a vicinity of a hundred kilometres.

And if any was brave enough?

Swoosh!

Followed by suction from its trunk, the Pranic Beast was sucked towards an Empyrean Tusk that casually threw the captured Pranic Beast in its mouth and munched.

When the size of an Empyrean Tusk herd hits the three digits, they begin emanating a collective pressure that numbs the bodies of all enemies. Thereby, they could kill their targets with the least amount of effort.

Standing at the entrance to the valley was the 1st Empyrean Tusk, its trunk raised. Seated at the forefront of the trunk was a man who had reached the peak of cultivation and was merely a step away from Transcendence.

10-Life Stage!

He was the Mammoth Clan Chief, Undrakha. Upon reaching the peak of cultivation and unlocking the entirety of Mystic Bone Art, he was able to communicate with the Empyrean Tusks without any issues.

"How's it looking?" Undrakha asked upon staring at the Varahan Enclave, "Are they enough?"

[Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast, Empyrean Boar. Since they have the prefix of Empyrean, it means they reached the pinnacle evolution of their race!]

"Will they be enough?" Undrakha asked once again, patient.

[Yes! They are brimming with flesh, blood, and Prana. Every single Empyrean Boar is enough for a decade of my operation!]

"A decade," Undrakha's eyes lit up, "That's perfect. There's enough of them here for all of us. If we treat them as a farm, we'll be able to save up enough resources to cross the Sandy-Grey Void."

[Yes!]

"But, are you sure about this?" Undrakha asked, "Sumatra Continent is our home."

[Yes! As a species, Empyrean Tusks have reached their growth limit. The only way to surpass our limits is to mutate. That will allow us to become Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts. But for that to happen, staying in the comfort of our homes won't do! We have become too accustomed to Sumatra Continent!]

"It's just like gaining a Nature." Undrakha nodded, "By subjecting ourselves to an extreme situation, we'll be forced to evolve."

[Yes! That's the only option left to become a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast!]

For them to cross the Sandy-Grey Void, the Empyrean Tusk herd needed to store enough resources in their bodies for the journey. It might take them a century or two to cross over. Hence, the Empyrean Tusks sought the most efficient resource to store in their limited space.

The Empyrean Boars fit the bill perfectly. Spanning a height of a hundred metres, they were small in comparison to the Empyrean Tusks. But, they were Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. Meaning, their lifespan, Prana quality, Prana Quantity, and flesh were the highest grades available.

The resource condensation per unit mass of their body was the highest. Of course, there were better Gold Grade Pranic Beasts out there, but they were all ridiculously powerful.

Fighting such Pranic Beasts would cause the Empyrean Tusks too much loss. From an efficiency standpoint, it was a fool's endeavour.

But, Empyrean Boars were weak. They could be killed by even Silver Grade Pranic Beasts, making them the perfect targets. All Mammoth Clan masters could take on an Empyrean Boar each while the Empyrean Tusks could casually chuck them in their mouths.

They were ripe for picking, the perfect resource for the journey.

Undrakha communicated with the Mammoth Clan and announced to the 1st Empyrean Tusk, "We're ready. On your command."

[Let's go! Everyone!]

With the 1st Empyrean Tusk's command, the herd of 188 Empyrean Tusks entered the Varahan Enclave, resulting in a bloody, one-sided massacre.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 98 Empyrean Boar’s Curse
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Boar!

The reason they were called the weakest of all Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, weak to the extent even Silver Grade Pranic Beasts could kill them was entirely due to their Primary Nature.

Primary Nature—Voracious Nature!

When an Empyrean Boar wholly devours a Pranic Beast, it gains the Pranic Beast's Primary Nature. Originally, such an accumulation-type ability would have made them the strongest. But there was a problem here.

The ability they are accumulating wasn't a Skill but the Primary Natures of their targets.

A Primary Nature was a Pranic Beast's original state of being, one it adapted to specialise in after thousands of years of nonstop evolution. From the way it ate to the way it shat, everything was optimised for survival.

Primary Nature was merely a condensation of its evolutionary traits. Therefore, when an Empyrean Boar obtained the Primary Nature of another Pranic Beast, the Natures within its body conflicted with each other.

The Primary Nature of a Razor Rat was to burrow in the swamp and wait for a Yoked Wyrm to show up before latching onto its prey like a bolt of lightning. The speed of its attack shredded its target, making It easier to predate.

When an Empyrean Boar obtained a Razor Rat's Primary Nature, it instinctually felt the need to burrow underwater and wait for its prey, uncharacteristic of itself. After all, it wasn't equipped to remain underwater for extended durations like a Razor Rat.

A Yoked Wyrm had pretty much no combat capability. Its Primary Nature was purely geared toward the consumption of nutrients, allowing it to accumulate as much muscle mass as possible in a short while before birthing its offspring.

It fought by creating as many offspring as possible in an effort to overwhelm its predators. When its predators have more to eat than what they can handle, it allows the excess Yoked Wyrms to survive. This was their nature.

Therefore, when an Empyrean Boar obtained a Yoked Wyrm's Primary Nature, it felt an intense desire to mate and leave behind more offspring.

But this was merely the start of the problems.

An Empyrean Boar could store Primary Natures in its body without limit. And every time it attacked, it would unleash a bunch of Natures. Upon use, the respective Natures would vanish.? But here was the problem.

A Yoked Wyrm was no different to a worm. Even the biggest among its race only reached a length of two metres. For an Empyrean Boar reaching a height of a hundred metres, one or two Yoked Wyrms weren't enough.

No, it needed anywhere from hundreds to even thousands daily. That meant it was gaining an equivalent number of Primary Natures.

These accumulated Primary Natures reach such high numbers that they overwhelm the Empyrean Boar's body and mind, making it believe it was a Yoked Wyrm and not an Empyrean Boar.

Moreover, its diet didn't consist of just Yoked Wyrms. It also consumed Razor Rats and Petrified Geese. Therefore, at every point in time, there was an overwhelming number of Primary Natures of all three Pranic Beasts in an Empyrean Boar, splitting its body and mind three ways.

Its original nature as an Empyrean Boar was overwritten long ago. And the three-way tug-of-war turned it insane.

At one moment, the Empyrean Boar would be underwater, acting like a Razor Rat, the other moment, it would be digging the earth for moss like a Yoked Wyrm, or suddenly, it would turn into a statue and bask in the sunlight like a Petrified Geese.

This wasn't just one or two, but the entire race was in such a state. Thankfully, whenever they were overwhelmed by their Yoked Wyrm's Pranic Natures, they would mate and increase their numbers. It was the primary reason the Empyrean Boars hadn't gone extinct yet.

During one such session, an Empyrean Boar had become pregnant. It stood still like a Petrified Geese, not even reacting as it delivered a dozen of its kind.

Following that, it entered the swamp nearby to act like a Razor Rat, devouring the Yoked Wyrms that approached its proximity.

Not a single Empyrean Boar cared about the dozen newborns that were left to fend for themselves. Though weak, the newborns could move. One of them let out faint squeals and approached something resembling a statue.

It was a Petrified Geese laying in wait there. And the moment the newborn entered its range, the Petrified Geese's mouth shot open. Its tongue lashed out and whipped the newborn, petrifying the contact region.

The newborn squealed in pain, but there was no response from the mindless adults of its race. The mother of the newborns had birthed them in a colony of Petrified Geese, a blatantly stupid act.

Hence, the newborn simply became prey to the Petrified Geese. One among the newborns ran under a tree root and bleated helplessly from there, hoping for its mother to return. Two days spanned past in such a fashion as its brothers and sisters that survived the Petrified Geese had grown tremendously by now.

They were already treating the Petrified Geese as food. And once they had their fill, they made a repeat of the adults of their race, now acting as Petrified Geese. But their bodies had already reached a height of four metres, an explosive growth.

Empyrean Boars had an explosive growth rate, capable of outgrowing all their predators in two days. Yes, two days. Any Empyrean Boar that survives the initial two days directly reaches the peak of Varahan Enclave's food chain.

But the exception was the newborn that had hidden under the protruding roots of a tree. It was still its original size. From time to time, it carefully peered out and gobbled some nuts before retreating to its safe home.

A Petrified Geese stood right next to its home, preventing it from moving much. As the days spanned past, the newborn barely reached a metre in height. It was still weak, but unlike its brethren, it was sane.

Having not consumed any Pranic Beasts or even meat for the matter, it remained an Empyrean Boar, experiencing a growth in intellect that all Gold Grade Pranic Beasts possessed.

Two months later, it was able to think, realising that the day it consumed another Pranic Beast, it too would lose its mind, just like the rest of its brethren. 'I should strengthen my mind first.'

Pretty much all Empyrean Boars had their first kill in two days since birth. Therefore, before their minds could even grow, they were influenced by the swallowed Primary Natures.

To avoid such a fate, the newborn had a strict vegetarian diet, eating grass, tree bark, nuts and fruits. Its growth was slow as a result, but with every successful day, its mind continued to mature.

Two years later, the newborn exited its home under the protruding tree root and killed the nearby Petrified Geese. But it didn't consume the latter and simply walked away, intending to find more nuts to munch upon.

And it was the very same day as the Empyrean Tusk herd's entry into the Varahan Enclave.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 99 Tertiary Nature—Cultivator!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Bleet!

Empyrean Boars shrieked as Mammoth Clansmen raided their homes and began capturing them one after another. They weren't killed yet as efficiency was greater if the Empyrean Tusk munched on them alive.

That was why the Mammoth Clansmen primarily intended to capture them. As they rushed through the forest, the newborn observed them in fear from its home under the protruding roots. It was from a tree that reached almost 600 metres in height.

Hence, its roots covered a large area and camouflaged its growing body. The newborn boar also dug a hole underneath to form a comfy home. Its intellect had developed enough to cover the area and mask its presence from the invaders.

'Who are they? And why are they selectively targeting my brethren?' It trailed after the Mammoth Clansmen from afar, using its small body to its advantage. It was barely two metres in size now.

There were only a couple thousand Empyrean Boars in the Varahan Enclave. It wasn't a number sufficient for the Empyrean Tusk herd's needs.

Therefore, the Mammoth Clansmen weren't aggressive with their capture. They studied the Empyrean Boar psychology and once an Empyrean Boar gave birth, they swiftly came to the rescue.

For the next two days, they protected the newborns until they became large enough to hunt the other Pranic Beasts in the region. This way, their population would increase drastically, giving the Mammoth Clan more profit.

After all, they required dozens of adult Empyrean Boars per each Empyrean Tusk. It was better to take their time and allow for more Empyrean Boars to be born. Hence, they invaded the Varahan Enclave in waves, once a year.

During the fourth year, the newborn Empyrean Boar treaded through the Sandy-Grey Void right next to the valley that served as the Varahan Enclave's entrance. This way, it avoided detection of the Mammoth Clan who didn't expect such a thing from Pranic Beasts lacking intelligence.

Iron Grade Pranic Beasts were no different from animals in terms of intelligence. They were beings driven by instinct. Silver Grade Pranic Beasts were pretty intelligent, almost on a human level. Some of them slightly exceeded a human, depending on the race they were from.

And finally, Gold Grade Pranic Beasts were superior to humans.

In the Varahan Enclave, three of the four were Iron Grade Pranic Beasts. And the final, the Gold Grade Pranic Beast was the Empyrean Boar, insane from the start. Therefore, the Mammoth Clan didn't bother preparing for any sneak attacks.

Considering their numbers, it had been a long while since they were last attacked. Their strength had grown too much, hence lacking any competitors.

Moreover, there wasn't even a swarm-type race in their vicinity, hence their defence was lacking. The Mammoth Clan sent all its elites and masters on the invasion.

There was no reason not to, after all. They didn't face any danger and there were 188 Empyrean Tusks standing guard to each other. Nothing wrong could happen.

It took the newborn Empyrean Boar four years to understand this. And during the end of the fourth year, when the Mammoth Clan invaded in full swing the fifth time, the newborn boar sneaked towards the Empyrean Tusk herd from the back, targeting the weakest Empyrean Tusk.

Even the Empyrean Tusk had let down its guard, having not been targeted for the past few centuries. And stealthily, through the route used by the Mammoth Clansmen to descend down from their settlement, the newborn Empyrean Boar made its way up.

Soon, it reached the Academy of Refinement, observing the students there, 'It'll take them forty days to return.'

It sneaked through the hallways, avoiding the deeper regions where the Empyrean Tusk's Primary Nature was effective. All it did was scout through the settlement, avoiding detection successfully. It remained there for close to a month before descending from the settlement.

It sneaked back through the route it discovered in the Sandy-Grey Void, returning home. During the sixth invasion, it dug an underground tunnel for forty days, leading from the Sandy-Grey Area to the foot of the closest Empyrean Tusk.

After becoming an expert at making tunnels, it continued its work even after the Mammoth Clan's elites and masters returned. By now, its mind had fully matured, allowing it to think like a true Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

Its body remained small but its strength continued to climb up. Finally, nine years after the invasion started, it completed its digging and scouting, becoming an expert at both.

By now, the Mammoth Clan failed to notice despite it nibbling their Parute Fruit reserves. The reduction in amount was so little they didn't notice it. Secondly, it was spread throughout the 188 Settlements.

Therefore, the Mammoth Clan didn't notice it, but the Empyrean Boar gained a significant return. At the end of the ninth year, right after the tenth invasion started, the Empyrean Boar entered the 188th Settlement, calmly sauntering into the Academy of Refinement before engaging in a slaughter.

The students were only at the Spirit Stage. They couldn't even scratch a Gold Grade Pranic Beast, even if it was an Empyrean Boar. As all residents at the Settlement were only at the Spirit Stage, none could harm it.

Moreover, the Empyrean Boar took action right after the 188th Empyrean Tusk fell asleep. It had memories of all their sleeping patterns by now, knowing which Empyrean Tusk was awake at which time.

The first entity it swallowed was a Mammoth Clansman, a student. As he didn't have a Primary Nature, it wasn't affected. But, that didn't even matter now as its mind had matured enough to overcome the side effects of its Primary Nature.

All students of the 188th Settlement took refuge in its belly as the Empyrean Boar targeted another settlement whose Empyrean Tusk was asleep. Moreover, it did such a perfect job that not a single Empyrean Tusk managed to detect anything.

By the time the sleeping Empyrean Tusks woke up, it was too late. The students of over sixty Settlements disappeared mysteriously. And the perpetrator had vanished too.

The Empyrean Boar felt bloated by the time it returned home. Its body had reached peak size by then as a mysterious change began to form in it. Due to the extreme environment and diet it had subjected itself to, it experienced an evolution.

The Empyrean Boar hibernated to allow the transformation to run its course, remaining safe in its home. When it woke up two years later, it was stunned.

First of all, it unleashed a presence similar to a Mammoth Clansman. And secondly, it now possessed a human body, having developed a Nature.

Tertiary Nature—Cultivator!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 100 Brangara Gets Captured
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I am Brangara!" The Empyrean Boar introduced itself to a Mammoth Clansmen group prowling across the Varahan Enclave.

In human form, Brangara mimicked the presence of a Mammoth Clansman from the 188th Settlement, thereby being able to make contact with the elites of another settlement.

"Where's your group?" The leader of the group asked.

"We got lost after a mishap." Brangara said, "I chanced upon your group while making my way back. Can I accompany you until I find my group?"

"That's fine." The leader of the group nodded casually, asking while they moved, "Which group do you belong to?"

"Unara's group," Brangara said, using the name of the group he had just annihilated.

"Ahh," The leader nodded, "Didn't Unara's group venture towards the mangrove forest region? It's a bit tricky to capture the Empyrean Boars that remain submerged underwater there."

"Yes, that's a pain." Brangara nodded. He casually conversed with the group as if he were one of them until eventually, they chanced upon an Empyrean Boar.

"That's an adult." The leader commanded, "We'll capture it."

"You just remain here." The leader stared at Brangara, "We're more than enough for this."

"Yes, sir." Brangara nodded and watched the group spring bone nets around the Empyrean Boar that combined to harden into a bone cage.

The flustered Empyrean Boar activated numerous Natures in response as the group simply tanked it by strengthening the bone cage.

"Man, this one has a lot of Natures. It'll take time to empty everything." Saying so, the leader took out a bone spike and walked to the back of the cage, stabbing it in the Empyrean Boar's rear, watching it squeal in pain before unleashing its Natures dozens of times faster. "Since it's a male, puncturing its balls does the trick."

Every time he poked it, the Empyrean Boar shrieked before releasing more Natures. As the Natures belonged to Razor Rats, Yoked Wyrms, and Petrified Geeze, none were dangerous.

The Primary Nature of Razor Rats allowed them to move like a bolt of lightning for a short distance. When constricted, this ability became useless. The Primary Nature of a Yoked Wyrm was only in consuming nutrients efficiently, so it too was useless. And a Petrified Geeze's Primary Nature could only be used through its tongue.

Right at the start, they cut off the Empyrean Boar's tongue, rendering that ability too useless. Now, all they had to do was wait until it finished releasing all the abilities in its arsenal. It would be easier to transport it after that.

After all, they had set up camp at the entrance to Varahan Enclave where the Empyrean Boars would be fed to the limit and fattened before the Empyrean Tusk consumes them.

"Hey, the cage is shaking. Put more effort into it!" The leader shouted upon noticing the cage cracking. He grumbled upon seeing the cracks worsen over time, shouting as he dropped the bone spike and walked around the massive cage to where his team ought to have been.

All he saw in their place was Brangara, "Hey, you! Where did my team members go?"

"Here," Brangara said and patted his belly. Immediately in response, he transformed into an Empyrean Boar and devoured the leader, taking action before the latter could react.

Not even a droplet of the Mammoth Clansmen's blood was spilled as Brangara wiped them clean. He then stared at the whimpering figure of the Empyrean Boar before him. He broke the cage and stared at his wounded brethren, "Are you…okay?"

There was no reply as the Empyrean Boar continued to cry in pain. But an hour later, it stood before a tree like a sculpture, behaving like a Petrified Geese.

"What…is with our existence?" Brangara collapsed to the ground, sobbing, "I can't even speak to my own family. What am I even fighting for?"

"Wait, that's right!" He regained his vigour and rushed through the forest until he chanced upon an Empyrean Boar giving birth, 'Right, I can save them before they consume any Pranic Beast! That way, once their mind matures, they too would be able to speak like me.'

His thoughts came to a halt upon staring at the group of masters casually seated around the newborn Empyrean Boars.

"Eat! Eat!"

"Eat and grow big, alright?"

The masters were feeding Yoked Wyrms to the newborns in an effort to make them grow quicker. They didn't have the mood to protect them for two days.

As the newborn swallowed the Yoked Wyrm, the trace level of intelligence displayed in its eyes vanished. Its mind had shattered. And staring at the scene, Brangara felt his sanity slipping away.

'Why? Why! Why? Why!' He wished to rush in and save his brethren, but he wasn't strong enough to fight the masters yet. Moreover, even if he could, the master leading the group was terrifying.

The masters were primarily in charge of trailing after pregnant Empyrean Boars and guarding the newborns. Therefore, even if Brangara wanted to, he couldn't save his race that was being treated as mere livestock.

"Mammoth Clan!" He gritted his teeth in rage.

"Who's there?" The master leading the group shouted all of a sudden as a Spirit Weapon slammed into the tree that Brangara was hiding behind.

"Ah!" Brangara rushed out of his hiding spot and prostrated on the ground, "I'm from Unara's group…"

"Don't lie!" Suddenly, a Spirit Weapon in the shape of a sword stabbed into his thigh, causing him to grunt in pain.

A suffocating presence emanated from the group of masters that glared at Brangara, "I'm not sure how you learnt the Mystic Bone Art, but you clearly aren't an expert in using it. Your body is reeking with the stench of the blood of us Mammoth Clansmen."

"How many of my people have you eaten, Empyrean Boar?"

"Shit!" Brangara grunted and began to run away, 'They found out my identity!'

Until he targeted the students and elites, his identity wasn't found out. But a master could clearly sense his foreign nature, even if he tried to mask himself with the scent and presence of a Mammoth Clansman.

Moreover, his actions were so high-profile that an investigation team of masters had been dispatched. They scouted for traces among the teams that had gone missing recently, eventually confirming Brangara to be the culprit.

Even though he was strong, Brangara was no match for the team of experts. In a matter of minutes, he was captured.

"What do we do with him?" One of the masters asked as he broke Brangara's limbs.

"He's a special case." The leader of the group said, "He's an Empyrean Boar with a human form. We'll let the Chief decide his fate."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 101 Another Empyrean Tusk Herd
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Trapped, captured, this is just like that time." The Boar King muttered as he was crushed by the pressure at the centre of mass formed by the gravitational collapse of two Empyrean Tusks. And when it initiated a fusion reaction, he died.

As the red-hot ball of iron fell to the ground, the Boar King's figure appeared next to it. He lost his second life, causing his cultivation to fall to the minimum.

1-Life Stage!

It could also be expressed as the peak of the Body Stage. Now that he had fallen to such a state, the moment he gets killed, he'll truly die. "But, it doesn't matter. I'll kill them all."

'Gannala is a descendant of the Clan that annihilated my race.' He gritted, 'And these Empyrean Tusks are birthed by her. That makes them my priority target.'

From his spot to the Empyrean Tusk herd, there was a large canyon, forming a straight line. This was created by the 43rd Empyrean Tusk when it fled after swallowing him to commit suicide.

Lava covered the area around the Boar King due to the miniature sun that flashed for a second. The heat it emitted in that short duration melted everything within a twenty-kilometre range. The Zingers beyond that sustained fourth-degree burns, with the weaker ones dying horrid deaths.

"I'm at my last life, but the lot of you are on your last leg." He said and began to sprint towards the Empyrean Tusk herd. Indeed, he was right.

All the Empyrean Tusks barely had enough Prana to not collapse under their weight. The Mammoth Clan masters were exhausted, with a good fraction of them losing enough lives that they regressed to the Body Stage.

In this situation, they didn't have the strength to fight the Boar King. They would merely be sitting ducks before him. Therefore, even though he might sustain a bit of injury from the fight, the Boar King was confident in annihilating everyone, 'It's a waste, but I'll activate a third Internal Inertial Gravity when necessary.'

Right as he was halfway towards reaching his opponents, all 42 surviving Empyrean Tusks suddenly raised their trunks and trumped in unison, "What…"

He was stunned, able to clearly hear their voice.

[Come here!]

[We're here!]

[Our enemy is here too!]

The Boar King paused and climbed over a mountain before leaping high into the air. With his current strength, he couldn't even move at the speed of sound, not to mention the hypersonic speeds he moved at the start.

He was slow as his figure arrived at a high enough altitude for him to notice a dust cloud charging at him from far away. Upon staring at the dust cloud, his expression twisted in fury, "You…DAMN…TUSKS!"

62 Empyrean Tusks were charging towards him as a pocket of air accelerated from their position. They had already launched an attack in his direction, having detected his position accurately through the fear they felt.

"Shit!" The Boar King stomped on the mountain, causing cracks to form on it as he leaped down and ran away. His full-powered stomp merely cracked the mountain, a clear indication of his reduced strength when at the start, he could casually destroy them.

In such a state, adding 62 more Empyrean Tusks into the fray would guarantee his death. Compressed chunks of earth rained down from the sky like meteors, targeting him as the Boar King dodged them.

"I'll deal with you, soon." He glared in the direction of the dust cloud from which meteors were being shot at him nonstop. The Boar King masked his presence and stealthily ran away, using the maze-like Dieng Canyon's terrain to his advantage.

Soon, the Empyrean Tusks were unable to detect his presence anymore.

As the herd of 62 Empyrean Tusks arrived at the scene, their Mammoth Clan Chief got down and rushed to their rescue. The master closest to him was Bora Tusk as he asked, "How's the damage?"

"Horrible," Bora Tusk seethed in rage, "Two of our Deities were killed. The rest barely have enough Prana to stand. All Mammoth Clan masters lost at least two lives. Some regressed to the Body Stage and the unfortunate few died."

"We've been hit severely." Boar Tusk sighed, "I'm afraid we'll be sitting ducks for the Boar King once he makes a recovery. Him being a cultivator was beyond our expectations."

"We know that information since we faced his attacks plenty of times in recent years." The Chief spoke.

"But we did manage to kill him twice." Bora Tusk gritted his teeth, "He's at his last life. If only we were a little stronger, we could have put an end to him once and for all."

"You killed him…twice?" The Chief was stunned. He turned around to stare at his Empyrean Tusk, surprised to receive confirmation from the latter. It allowed him to observe the group in a new light, "Honestly, I've only heard rumours of there being another herd. I'm pleasantly surprised to witness it myself."

"Same here," Bora Tusk nodded, "We too only heard rumours of there being another herd. I suppose we haven't come across each other due to our non-overlapping routes. Things have become less worrying now."

"You're right about that." The Chief nodded and stopped speaking suddenly, conversing with his Empyrean Tusk. His eyes lit up as he looked around, "Our Deity is saying she's sensing Gannala's presence here."

"Gannala…" Bora Tusk recalled Grehha's words as he said dejectedly, "She's our 44th Empyrean Tusk. She was one of the two Deities that died."

"I see," The Chief nodded, saying, "Originally, when the Boar King appeared, it seems the herd split into three."

"One portion entered the Sandy-Grey Void and left Sumara Continent. The remainder became the current herd I'm a part of." He then stared at Bora Tusk and his group of Settlement Leaders, "The last was formed by Gannala who escaped alone. I truly wonder how she raised so many Empyrean Tusks. That's something even we're struggling to do."

"After many years of effort, we finally had a child. But," He teared up, "the Boar King got to her."

"Still," He sensed Bora Tusk's presence and released killing intent, "It was your people that stole her in the first place. Otherwise, it wouldn't have been possible for the Boar King to kill her."

"If my lowly head could satisfy you, please sate your anger with it." Boar Tusk kneeled, "My Deity was dying. I was desperate. I wasn't even sure if there existed another Empyrean Tusk in the wild. I was grasping at straws."

"Wait, are you saying you don't know how an Empyrean Tusk is born?" The Chief frowned.

"I didn't back then." Bora Tusk said and pointed at Grehha, "But before they sacrificed themselves, our 44th and 43rd Empyrean Tusks left behind their successors."

"Tell me everything from the start," The Chief commanded as he stared at Bora Tusk, "Including your fight with the Boar King."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 102 Mysterious Woman
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While the two Empyrean Tusk herds began their merger into a single herd, Inala's flight had reached the end of its path.

"Brace for impact!" He shouted and grabbed Asaeya with his left hand and held the egg tighter on his right. The effects of Internal Inertial Gravity filling up the giant Prana Bomb was almost expended.

By turning it transparent, he watched their descent, observing the terrain. Upon spotting a river ahead, he adjusted his two Prana Hands and two Life Hands acting like tiny wings to steer the course of the giant Prana Bomb, making it crash into the water.

Right as the giant Prana Bomb crashed into the water, the last of its Internal Inertial Gravity was used up. Inala used his Mystic Bone Art to transform it into a boat and paddled it to the shore, "We're alive."

"That was freakish!" Asaeya barely regained her bearings, shouting, "Why did you let her cries leak out before?"

"My heart almost stopped beating when the Boar King approached us." She complained.

"It was to distract the Boar King while the herd leaves his detection range." Inala said, "But, I'm not sure how well the plan went. Thankfully, we managed to escape alive."

"You need to explain a lot, Inala." Asaeya said, "I have no idea what to do anymore. But first of all,"

She stared at the egg in his hand, "Why was she made your responsibility in the first place?"

"By the time I came to know, it was too late." Inala sighed and explained everything.

Bam!

Asaeya punched a tree and caused it to fall, growling in rage, "Fucking Oyo! She dared do that to my…"

Inala stared at Asaeya rage around for a good few minutes. In the meantime, he probed his surroundings using his two Empyrean Zinger Scouts, ensuring it was safe. Following that, he stared at the girl sleeping within the egg, having mixed feelings, 'To think the day I finally have a daughter is through such a messed-up situation. Instead of feeling joy, I just feel sick.'

The girl wasn't a product of love, so it was hard for him to come to terms with her existence, no matter how logically he reasoned with himself.

'What…should I do?' He was unsure. He suddenly found himself lacking the drive necessary to forge ahead. Until now, there was a constant threat looming overhead, forcing him to fight for survival.

But now that he had landed at a peaceful area, all his suppressed thoughts came surging back into his mind-space. He was confused.

He didn't have loyalty to the Mammoth Clan in the first place. The only reason he was tied to it was due to his resource requirement. Honestly speaking, he was enamoured by the world of Sumatra Chronicles, hoping to live in such a world.

But, not in a survival setting. He wanted to take in the sights of different wondrous regions, meet all sorts of cultures, and cultivate peacefully. Basically, he wanted to be an unfettered traveller and enjoy this cultivation world to its fullest.

Unfortunately, that didn't seem to be a realistic choice unless he reached the peak of cultivation and no longer needed resources to cultivate. The only other choice granting some level of freedom was to nurture his daughter.

And when she grows up, she'll generate the resources he needs on her own. He would be able to protect her by himself thanks to his Tertiary Nature. Thereby, he could go wherever he wanted instead of being taken by the herd through its designated route.

"Inala," Asaeya had calmed down enough to speak properly. She stared at his daughter and asked, "She's the 44th Empyrean Tusk, right?"

"Yes," Inala nodded, "Since the inheritance ceremony is done, she's the new Gannala."

"How does that work?" Asaeya asked, "Does the mind of the previous 44th Empyrean Tusk take over her or is it something else entirely?"

"I'm not fully sure," Inala said, "It'll take some time to figure it out."

'I need to digest and comprehend all the memories I gained from Gannala.' He thought and retracted the two Empyrean Zinger Scouts. They reverted to their nail-sized forms and perched on his head.

"What's the plan now?" Asaeya asked next, "Have we arrived far away?"

"Originally, when the Boar King chased us, I was supposed to make a thirty-degree turn," Inala shook his head, "But, I'm not sure if I was accurate enough. And at that speed, even a minor difference in angle would correlate to us landing thousands of kilometres away from the designated point."

"Initially, we were supposed to land near the Rumtara Kingdom and then make our way to the Brimgan Empire. We'll wait there until the herd arrives at the Empire." Inala said.

"I know about the Brimgan Empire. We trade with them every century. They are one of our biggest customers." Asaeya said, having learnt about the Brimgan Empire at the Academy of Refinement. "But isn't the Rumtara Kingdom less than a century old? We haven't traded with them yet, so we have no intel on them. And usually, Kingdoms don't last long."

"What if it's in ruins?"

There was no internet or means of communication over long distances in Sumatra Continent. There were no birds. Meaning, they couldn't even send letters over long distances.

Moreover, anything sent on foot could very well end up in the stomach of some random Pranic Beast.

"There are routes we can take to the Brimgan Empire from the Rumtara Kingdom. So, even if we don't decide to settle there, we need to reach it. That's the only notable place in this region." Inala said. "And only by reaching there can I say with assurance that we're beyond the range where the new Gannala's cries wouldn't be audible to either the Empyrean Tusk herd or the Boar King."

Suddenly, by reading the memories of one of his Empyrean Zinger Scouts, he grabbed Asaeya and hid behind a tree. With a snap of his finger, a hole formed in the boat and caused it to sink. It was his Spirit Weapon, so he could bring it to the surface whenever he wanted.

His two Prana Hands and Life Hands shot towards him and hovered beside him, reverting to their original appearance. Inala took a piece of bone and turned it into a Bone Slip. Once Asaeya touched it, his voice resounded in her mind, "Someone's coming. And judging by their sound, they seem human."

Inala seeped his Prana into his Empyrean Zinger Scout and made it glide across the air gently in its nail-sized form and perched it on a tree branch. As long as it was connected to his Prana, he could communicate with it over long distances.

Of course, the limit was the same as his Spirit Weapon's range. As the Empyrean Zinger Scout kept watch, a humanoid individual slowly walked out from the thicket of trees.

Once they came into view, Inala frowned, communicating the image with Asaeya through the Bone Slip.

It was a human woman, middle-aged in terms of appearance. Slung on her back was an earthen pitcher that she loosened slowly before scooping out the water from the river. Once it was full, she slung it on her back and easily carried it, as if the weight didn't strain her.

"Let's follow her." Inala and Asaeya communicated with each other through the Bone Slip as they tailed the woman.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 103 A Hidden Settlement of Strangeness
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The middle-aged woman seemed human at first glance. Her hair was tied into a bun, slightly unkempt. Her hands were calloused from strenuous housework and judging by her walking posture, her skeletal structure faced a mild deformity due to carrying heavy luggage for extended durations over the years.

Overall, other than her slightly abnormal strength, she seemed no different from a normal human. As the middle-aged woman walked through the forest, hovering in the air four metres away and gliding overhead was the Empyrean Zinger Scout.

As it was merely nail-sized, its smooth gliding made no sounds, not even for the faintest of ears. Shadowing forty metres away were Inala and Asaeya.

Held in his left was the egg with his daughter while in his right was a Bone Slip. It was Asaeya's Bone Slip. Whenever she thought of something, she would insert her thoughts into it and he would access them just as a Mammoth Clansman normally accessed a Bone Slip.

Similarly, Asaeya held his Bone Slip. This way, even though no words were exchanged between the two, they were able to constantly communicate with one another.

Currently, the Prana levels of both were at their minimum most, hence why they were so cautious. Inala had four Prana while Asaeya had six. Everything else had been spent during their escape from the Boar King.

Asaeya didn't have a Storage Lantern. She had just become an elite and hadn't been granted one yet. As for Inala's Storage Lantern, it only had 200 Parute fruits. All the Prana Bombs he saved were consumed to make the giant Prana Bomb.

Unless they chanced upon a weak Pranic Beast, it would be hard for them to recover their Prana. Hence, it was prudent to remain cautious.

After an hour of travelling, the middle-aged woman entered a lush green valley surrounded by mountains on all sides like a bird's nest. The only entrance was a narrow creek wide enough for a human to walk through.

The location was a utopia as the sole entrance wasn't wide enough for typical Pranic Beasts to pass through. Two women were stationed guard at the entrance, carrying wooden spears. Their clothes were simplistic at best, a mix of cotton and leather.

It was apparent that they didn't have the tools or the resources to produce proper clothes like in a settlement.

There was a clearing of twenty metres between the forest and the creak as the duo of Inala and Asaeya stopped there, communicating with each other through their respective Bone Slips.

"Shall we pose as travellers and enter from the front?" Asaeya asked.

"No, that's foolish." Inala said, using his experience as an artist to glean into the details of the attire of the two guards, "At first glance, they seem to resemble refugees. Judging by the poor workmanship of their clothes, it has been a while since they ran away from a Kingdom. And for some reason, they either didn't bother to make new clothes or simply couldn't find any resources to do so."

"I don't feel the second case can be the reason." Asaeya expressed her doubts, "We've seen that mighty river nearby. The soil here is fertile enough for these trees to grow. So, growing some cotton plants shouldn't have been an issue."

"You're right," Inala nodded and motioned for her to follow him. The duo circled around the mountain for a couple of minutes before stopping.

The guards were only stationed at the entrance. Therefore, all other locations were fair game to scout.

Inala approached the mountain and stared at it. It was rocky and even though the walls didn't form a cliff, they were steep enough to be dangerous.

"We'll be wasting our remaining Prana if we use our Spirit Weapons to climb up," Asaeya commented.

"That's why we'll be doing this." Saying so, Inala snapped his finger as his two Prana Hands arrived before him. They expanded into a pair of gauntlets that slid over his hands. The fingertips of the gauntlets turned into claws, sharp enough to dig into the rocky mountain as Inala began to climb.

The two Life Hands merged into his legs to turn into shoes, similarly helping with keeping his legs gripped to the rocky surface. Pointing at his back, Inala stared at Asaeya, "Climb aboard."

"Are you sure you can handle my weight?" Asaeya would have happily jumped on his back had the situation been less dangerous. Carrying her means he'll be using up more Prana to keep up with the climbing until they reach the peak.

Since his abilities were what would allow them both to recover their Prana, she didn't wish for him to become exhausted beforehand.

But in the face of her consideration, Inala flexed his biceps, "See these babies. Without the Fragment Disease, I'm a whole other level of beast."

"Don't come crying later." Rolling her eyes in response to his boast, Asaeya positioned herself on his back and held the baby Gannala in one hand.

Primary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

Inala raised his strength and sprinted over the walls, shocking Asaeya when he covered over 600 metres within ten minutes. "H-How?"

"I'm a Zinger," Inala stated as a matter of fact, "Climbing is kind of my thing, you see."

Upon reaching the peak of the mountain, the duo observed the valley within. The mountain range converged to form two rings, forming the symbol '8'. At the point of connection of the two rings was a massive mountain, sporting a crater at its peak. It seemed to have been an active volcano at one point in history.

But now, filled to the brim within the crater was water, forming a lake. Drawing water from the lake were people from either settlement.

Within a minute, Inala noticed an oddity. In each ring was a settlement, living disconnected lives.

In the ring to the left, the settlement was occupied by women and in the other ring's settlement were men, both shabbily dressed with a mixture of fabric and leather.

There were approximately four thousand women and around six hundred men. The women seemed to farm while the men mined in the caves.

Another difference was in their physique. While the women seemed overworked, they were healthy and brimming with vitality. Conversely, the men didn't have much to do in the sparsely mineral-rich caves, but their bodies were emancipated.

What was most puzzling was the fact that there was only one entrance here, situated in the women's ring. There seemed no way for the men to exit their ring as after some observation, Inala noticed that the men weren't even allowed on the side of the women.

"This place is strange, Inala." Asaeya asked, "What do we do? We need to find out where we are and also recover our Prana. There's nothing to eat out here. So it'll just add to our exhaustion if we camp out."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 104 Murkiness Underneath Serenity
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mammoth Clansmen were basically spoiled brats in terms of food, having never faced the issue of hunger. The Empyrean Tusk always produced more than enough food for their needs.

Inala wasn't worried about that even in the likelihood of him leaving the Clan. After all, as long as he slaps a Pranic Beast with a Prana Bomb, he could have his fill in terms of both nutrients and Prana. The fluid within the Prana Bomb was that nutritious once it absorbed Prana to the limit.

Zingers typically only consume the Prana Bombs. All they consumed other than that was water from the Baobab Trees.

Hence, Inala had been a tad careless in his preparation regarding food. And that came to bite his ass now. There were no Pranic Beasts in the vicinity. 'Do I have to use my Prana Hand on the people? No!'

He refrained from thinking in such a direction. That was a path with no return. He would become worse than Virala. Of course, he would eventually have to tread that path, as that was a necessity in his preparation to beat the Boar King. But Inala wished to retain at least some level of innocence until then.

While he was hesitating, the sun began to set. Nighttime was approaching. Suddenly, there was a surge of Prana from the river far away, causing him to stare in the direction.

"W-W-What the heck is that?" Asaeya shrilled in a fluster.

Goosebumps formed on his skin as Inala noticed hair-like strands protruding out of the river in the thousands. They appeared hair-like from his position, but the fact that he could see them from so far away meant they were massive in truth.

Like leeches, the hair-like strands jutted out of the river, reaching as high as a hundred metres, beginning to eerily dance. Immediately in response, a black wave flowed out of the river. Once Inala focused on them, he noticed the black wave was due to the tens of thousands of Pranic Beasts rushing out of the river in unison.

Each Pranic Beast reached a metre in length, sporting hundreds of legs like a centipede but their bodies were that of a house lizard. Their tongues flicked out from time to time as a grating sound resounded while they rushed out of the river.

Intermediate Iron Grade Pranic Beast—Slump Lizard!

"Shit! It's not that this region is safe. It's just the entire ecosystem here is nocturnal." Inala shouted as he slumped Asaeya on his back and began to climb down the mountain, intending to seek refuge at the settlement.

Despite being slow, the swarm was capable of scaling up the mountain, hence posing a severe risk.

Staying out against the swarm was foolish, despite his abilities. The moment he slips up or tires out, he would be devoured by the swarm. Had Asaeya been at full strength, he wouldn't have been afraid, but the situation was too dangerous to take a gamble.

Of course, the humans in the settlement rubbed him the wrong way for some reason. Hence, he decided to trust his instinct and not make contact with them.

While climbing down, Inala observed the two women guards retreating inside. Zingers had exceptional eyesight, similar to a bird, hence allowing him to observe everything in detail.

A group of women rolled a boulder to patch up the entrance. One after another, the women exited their houses, wielding wooden spears while donning leather armour.

The moment Inala touched the settlement ground, he rolled until he reached the sides of a wooden hut. All the houses in the settlement were made of wood and seemed a bit dated. Once he arrived safely, Inala sent in an Empyrean Zinger Scout—in its miniature form—through the window, observing the house to be empty.

He then motioned for Asaeya to arrive, keeping watch while she rolled through the grass similarly. The duo sneaked into the house and heaved a sigh in relief.

Through his Prana, Inala controlled an Empyrean Zinger Scout like a Spirit Weapon and made it hover sixty metres above ground. Sixty metres was the maximum range for a Mammoth Clansman at the Spirit Stage.

As he was in the Body Stage, his range was slightly above that. But to conserve his Prana, he remained within his optimal range, which ended at sixty metres. From this height, the Empyrean Zinger Scout was able to observe their surroundings.

Most of the women from the settlement had converged upon the entrance, waiting there in a battle-ready state. The only ones that hadn't participated in that were girls who were too young to fight.

One of the women rushing towards the entrance stopped suddenly as her eyes shot in the direction of the house Inala and Asaeya were at. She sniffed the air and exuded a slightly maddened presence, "I smell a man here!"

'Something's indeed amiss here.' Inala observed calmly as he took on his female form. The woman only walked towards their house halfway before turning around to rush towards the entrance, unable to sense the scent of a man anymore.

"Later," Inala said upon noticing Asaeya's shock at his transformation. He did tell her a bit about his powers, but not everything. So, her surprise was warranted.

In a few minutes, scuttling sounds filled the valley as the Slump Lizards reached the entrance, beginning to bombard the boulder.

"Steady!" A middle-aged woman who appeared to be the leader of the settlement shouted as she gripped her spear tighter. Cracks began to cover the boulder as the intensity of the bombardment increased steadily.

As dust spilt out of the boulder, their surroundings darkened. Soon, the moment nightfall approached, intense Prana billowed out of the lake in the centre of the two-ringed settlement as a giant Pranic Beast emerged, reaching a height of twenty metres.

"Uroooooooo!" It unleashed a bird's screech as immediately in response, all the women standing before the settlement's entrance dropped their weapons and ripped apart their armour.

"Gah!"

"Kuk!"

"Grr!"

They let out beastly grunts as the hair on their head combined to morph into feathers, the same for their nether regions. Anywhere hair grew on their body fused to form feathers, haphazard in shape and arrangement.

The women rolled on the ground in pain as cracking sounds resounded from their bodies. Their skeletal structure expanded in size slowly and thickened, causing their explosive power to increase.

Their hands and legs morphed into claws as talons grew out, reaching lengths over ten centimetres. The most alarming of all was their skull that protruded on the front, forming sharp beaks.

Once the transformation concluded, the over three thousand monstrous women stared at the sky and unleashed a bird screech, "Skreeee!"

"Fuck! It was a mistake to come here." Inala's face paled as he stared at Asaeya, his lips trembling as he muttered, "The people in this settlement aren't humans."

"They're part of the Ravaged Tribe."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 105 Rockatrice
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In Sumatra, humanity was split into three distinct categories: Free Humans, Clansmen, and Ravaged Tribes.

A Free Human was a human cultivator who exercised complete freedom of speech, expression, and will. All humans part of a Kingdom or Empire belonged to this category. They had a means of cultivation unique to their own.

Once they reached the Body Stage, they would fuse mineral resources to their Spirit Container, shaping it into a material entity they termed the Human Avatar. Depending on the type of mineral used, the properties of the Human Avatar varied.

Generally, iron ore was the most common mineral used to forge a Human Avatar. Thereby, the cultivators who had forged their Spirit Container using iron would be called Iron Avatars.

Other than giving them a tough body, Iron Avatars had no other properties. It didn't increase their Prana or lifespan, causing the cultivators with an Iron Avatar to only possess 100 Prana even at the peak of the Body Stage. Their lifespan too was the same as a regular human.

Therefore, their strength entirely depended on the mineral. This was the human kingdom's way of cultivation.

The second category of humans were called Clansmen. They were those whose entire existence was tied to a Gold Grade Pranic Beast. The Mammoth Clan and Cooter Clan fell under this category. The human cultivators of this category were the strongest.

And apart from a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, they had the highest potential to become one of the strongest in Sumatra. Clansmen who reached the end of cultivation could pretty much be ranked within the top 10 in terms of power rankings in Sumatra.

In terms of their power, lifespan, lifestyle, and stability of life, Clansmen reigned at the top. Following them in second place were the Free Humans. And finally, present at the bottom of the barrel was the Ravaged Tribe.

Forming the Ravaged Tribe were humans that had fled a ruined human Kingdom. While fleeing, they by mistake barged into the territory of a powerful Pranic Beast, usually an Advance or Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast or even a Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

Upon noticing these intruders, the regional overlord would enslave them through its Prana, adding an imprint of itself in their Spirit Container.

This was no different from the Prana Domination Skill used by Inala. But Prana Domination Skill was derived through the Mystic Bone Art. Hence, it was only effective against a Mammoth Clansman.

Powerful Silver and Gold Grade Pranic Beasts had a stronger version of the same Skill, capable of unleashing it on all Free Humans they have subdued.

The Pranic Beast ends up enslaving the humans, forcing them to serve it and be available at its beck and call. It doesn't end here.

Its imprint is so powerful that it ends up polluting their Spirit Containers, morphing them to its needs. The moment this happens, the Free Human becomes part of the Ravaged Tribe.

Just as a Pranic Beast's cultivation only involves growing from an infant to an adult, the humans part of the Ravaged Tribe too are the same. Their cultivation ends the moment they enter the Body Stage.

They cannot fuse a mineral to their Spirit Container. That no longer is an option. The moment they enter the Body Stage, they are done with cultivation.

Their Spirit Container would absorb some of the Pranic Beast's qualities. And at a command from the Pranic Beast, these qualities would manifest, causing the appearance of the Ravaged Tribesmen to change.

And in such a state, they became devoted slaves of their master—the Pranic Beast.

The reasons for the Pranic Beasts creating the Ravaged Tribe are countless. One of the primary factors is to have protection for their young, since these powerful Pranic Beasts are usually alone and govern their territory. When they go out to hunt, there's no one to defend their young.

And as slaves, the Ravaged Tribe would never be able to harm their young. Instead, they would give their all to protect the young.

The second major reason is evolution.

Yes, by creating its exclusive Ravaged Tribe, the Pranic Beast would only have to wait. When it dies of old age, it would transfer ownership of the Ravaged Tribe to its offspring.

Over the generations, the Ravaged Tribe too would be changing as their Spirit Containers would adapt to the Pranic Beast's imprint better, becoming optimised over the generations. The Ravaged Tribe becomes more and more attuned to being servants of the Pranic Beast.

And as their population booms, the Master's Prana quality would improve naturally. And eventually, when the accumulations reach a pivotal point, the Pranic Beast becomes a stronger version of itself. It will move up a minor Grade or at times, even increase its Grade, jumping from Silver to Gold or from Gold to the peak of Gold.

Sumatra Chronicles delves into detail about the Ravaged Tribe as pretty much most of the Gold Grade Pranic Beasts controlled a sizeable population of the Ravaged Tribe each.

Moreover, it had to be noted that even the Mammoth Clan was once part of the Ravaged Tribe. Being slaves to the Empyran Tusks generation after generation for tens of thousands of years, there eventually came a tipping point.

It was when the Mammoth Clan Ancestor was born, elevating the status of the Mammoth Clan from a Ravaged Tribe to Clansmen status. It was then that the Mammoth Clan went from slaves to the Empyrean Tusk's immune system.

Both the Mammoth Clan and the Empyrean Tusk became inseparable after that. And it was only thanks to this achievement did the Empyrean Tusks evolve into Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beasts, reaching the pinnacle of Sumatra Continent.

To reach the same level of strength and status, every single Pranic Beast worth its salt created its Ravaged Tribe.

Even though the Ravaged Tribe led the lives of slaves, they had no option. The day their Kingdom fell to ruin and they weren't able to migrate to another human territory, becoming part of the Ravaged Tribe at least guaranteed their survival.

But for an outsider like Inala, this was bad news. After all, the fact that such a large Ravaged Tribe existed here meant the master of the tribe was a pretty powerful Pranic Beast. And if it manages to detect their existence, it would spell their doom.

And as the Pranic Beast emerged out of the lake in the centre of the settlement, through the Empyrean Zinger Scout's eyes, Inala observed its form, feeling all tension leave him, relaxing instead, "Phew, it's not the end."

Advance Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Rockatrice!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 106 Slump Lizards and Rooster Tribesmen
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Spanning a height of twenty metres, shaped like a pillar was the Rockatrice, an Advance Silver Grade Pranic Beast. It sported the claws of a bird all over its giant body, usually around a hundred pairs. The number of talons per each varied between three to five.

The claw arms could extend to a length of a hundred metres, which was what the Rockatrice used to grab its prey. It was a very dangerous existence even amongst Silver Grade Pranic Beasts, but it had one fatal weakness—mobility.

The Rockatrice had no legs. Instead, it had a gelatinous lower body similar to a snail's, with the muscles there primarily created to endure its body weight. Therefore, even moving a metre in distance took days.

Hence, a Rockatrice typically settled in highly frequented junctions through Sumatra and simply gobbled up all prey that came its way. Of course, there was no guarantee of that. Hence, it was one of the races that actively gathered humans to form a Ravaged Tribe.

Primary Nature—Rocky Intimidation!

By consuming its Prana, the Rockatrice was capable of erecting large rocky pillars. It usually used its ability to alter the terrain with mountains. This would force all Pranic Beasts in the region to move through the valleys, for that was the shortest distance.

The mountains would typically be rocky and dangerous to climb. Hence, every creature instinctively took the valley route. And at the centre of this valley, at the crossroads of multiple valley routes would be the Rockatrice, lying in wait.

But that was only in its initial phase.

A Rockatrice required a primary diet of grains, ranging from rice to pulses. Therefore, the moment it captures some Free Humans, it turns them into the Ravaged Tribe and alters the rocky terrain into an enclosed safe zone.

The Ravaged Tribe would live here while farming and mining for resources, increasing their numbers over time. And they would constantly bring in food and mineral ores for the Rockatrice's consumption.

The ringed structure of the settlement was its doing. Of course, that took it decades, if not a century or two to complete.

With a Prana capacity of 2800 and a lifespan ranging around 520 years, the Rockatrice was a long-lived entity, thereby having more than enough time and energy to create such an elaborate settlement and raise people for the needs of it and its offspring.

Considering the population of its Ravaged Tribe was almost nearing five thousand, it was doing pretty well.

Had it been the Ravaged Tribe of any other Pranic Beast, Inala would have been terrified. But being in the territory of a Rockatrice was one of the safest. Of course, that was only for cultivators on the level of Inala and Asaeya.

Mutated Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Zinger!

With a Prana capacity of 1800 and a lifespan of 341 years, Inala was a formidable foe. Moreover, he had three Natures, a feat seldom attainable by cultivators.

Mutated Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Grim Knell!

With a Prana capacity of 3449 and a lifespan of around 593 years, Asaeya too was a terrifying individual. She had two Natures and her powers were one of the most troublesome to exist.

As long as they recovered some Prana, they could easily deal with a Rockatrice. After all, as long as they remained beyond its range of 100 metres, they could attack it while it remained helpless.

And the strength of the Ravaged Tribe wasn't threatening to them since the abilities of both excelled at countering a swarm.

"If it's a Rockatrice, we can be safe here." Asaeya nodded, "But the Ravaged Tribe under it are noted to have a strong mating tendency, almost to a destructive level. It makes sense why the two genders are split here."

Since Inala could transform into a woman, they had virtually no problems to deal with.

By now, the boulder at the entrance shattered into pieces of rocks as Slump Lizards poured in, spreading across the settlement. It seemed they had a goal, which was to deal with the eggs laid by the Rockatrice.

Once they hatch and mature, the strength of the settlement would be elevated further. And the Pranic Beast living under the river disliked it. Hence, it instigated the Slump Lizards to attack the settlement.

It seemed to be a daily occurrence, judging by the way the women of the Ravaged Tribe fought. With every swipe of their sharp talons, a Slump Lizard was shredded into pieces.

Ravaged Tribe—Rooster Tribesmen!

It was what the Ravaged Tribe under a Rockatrice was called in Sumatra Chronicles.

As the number of Slump Lizards pouring in was vastly overwhelming as compared to the over three thousand Rooster Tribesmen, many slipped through the gaps in defence and spread around the settlement.

When a Slump Lizard skittled across a house at the edge of the settlement, a bone hand grabbed it by the head and yanked it away. A dozen seconds later, a shrivelled corpse was thrown out which was devoured by an Empyrean Zinger Scout.

"They are merely infants," Inala muttered in his female form, appearing like a middle-aged lady. "Give me an hour."

"Remain within a 60-metre range." Asaeya expressed her worry, "That way, you can communicate with me through the Bone Slip. No matter the enemy, I can instantly neutralise it."

She was confident in her strength. After all, she was able to blind even the Boar King for an instant. That meant there didn't exist an opponent in Sumatra that couldn't fall prey to her power.

Even though she was terrified during the encounter with the Boar King, that experience played a pivotal role in boosting her confidence levels.

"No worries," Inala laughed as he rushed out of the house, muttering, "Without having to worry about my bones fracturing when I move, I can freely fight."

The moment he jumped out of the house, three Slump Lizards noticed his presence. Their bodies shone for a moment before he tumbled hard, slamming his face into the ground.

Primary Nature—Grand Slump!

It was a weak ability that caused the target to stumble and fall to the ground, no matter their body structure, whether humanoid or serpentine. The only requirement was for the target to be in motion. And it was an ability that stacks upon itself.

Therefore, the greater the number of Slump Lizards targeting you, the stronger your fall. As a result, blood dripped out of Inala's nose.

Right as the three Slump Lizards skittled towards him, a bony hand grabbed their heads, exerting enough strength to crush their skulls. Two Prana Hands and one Life Hand. Upon contact, they absorbed Prana and Lifeforce.

A few seconds later, Inala got up, a couple years younger and with a bit more reserve of Prana. The influx of Prana healed his nose injury as he wiped the blood. Through their connection, the Empyrean Zinger Scout hovering high up in the air spotted the closest Slump Lizards.

Without any hesitation, Inala sprinted in their direction, thinking, 'How many times would I bruise my nose tonight?'

"Only one way to find out."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 107 The Grim Knell’s Overwhelming Prowess
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Empyrean Zinger Scout—perched on his head—leaped onto the three Slump Lizards, devouring their corpses. Thanks to the power of Internal Inertial Gravity, it could store a lot of food in its stomach.

As a result, it continued to eat the corpses. Of course, its limit would come pretty soon, as it was a mere newborn. Inala had two Empyrean Zinger Scouts at the moment. He planned to first feed them to the limit before making more.

His Life Bomb would have to absorb the Prana of a dozen Slump Lizards before hatching. So, he wouldn't use it before filling his and Asaeya's Prana reserves to the brim.

After having its fill, the Empyrean Zinger Scout ran on the ground and peeked from the edge of a house, making faint screeches upon noticing a group of Slump Lizards. Its screeches garnered their attention, making them chase after it.

The Empyrean Zinger was way slower than the Slump Lizards on ground, as it was only a scout. And with every few steps, it tumbled and fell to the ground, losing a lot of speed. Right as they were about to pounce on it, the Empyrean Zinger Scout entered Inala's Range, causing him to pick it up like a Spirit Weapon and place it on the roof of a house.

Two Prana Hands swooped in like a bird and grabbed a target each before flying away. Once the two Slump Lizards were depleted of Prana, they were dropped nearby Inala where the Life Hands pounced upon them next, shrivelling them up.

And finally, their shrivelled corpses made their way into the stomach of the second Empyrean Zinger Scout. This way, Inala's actions would remain discrete, leaving behind no traces that would alert the Rooster Tribesmen.

After three hours of stealthy hunting, Inala reached 100 Prana. Since he hadn't begun building his body yet, this was his limit in Prana Capacity. His nose was swollen, having fallen 240 times by now, a bit more than once per minute.

By now, he had created one more Empyrean Zinger Scout. But in terms of strength, this felt a tad weaker than the other two Scouts, making him realise a piece of important information.

'If the source of Prana is a piss-poor infant even among Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, the created Empyrean Zinger Scouts would be a lot weaker than their usual selves.' He thought and grabbed the Prana Bomb that was just filled to the limit. Contained in it was 100 Prana.

Inala sent it into the house where Asaeya was calmly watching his actions. He already cracked the shell enough for her to poke in a hole and slurp its contents.

After she downed the entirety of the fluid, Asaeya activated her Mystic Bone Art, beginning to convert it into Prana. An hour later, her Prana reserves were full.

With that, she confidently stepped out of the house and clapped her hands once. In response, two Slump Lizards suddenly lost their motor functions and plopped to the ground, unmoving.

Primary Nature—Linked Rupture!

Every sound produced by a Grim Knell would sonorously resound, akin to a bell chime. The entity that hears the chime ends up becoming the target. The Grim Knell would then be able to link two of their respective senses and rupture them in unison.

By destroying its sight, the same effect is carried onto the target too, turning it blind. The effect was temporary and could only be sustained until the Grim Knell ran out of Prana.

This ability was a perfect double-edged sword. It took out the senses of both the castor and the target equally.

Linked Rupture was the reason Death Knells were feared by other Pranic Beasts. They were Pranic Beasts with dozens of senses that could be traded away for activating their ability. And they could perfectly time it to interrupt the attacks of their targets.

They excelled at counters. Of course, they could only target as many senses as in their possession. So, there was an obvious limit. It was why despite the potency of their power, they were only Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beasts.

But their mutated version was the Grim Knell, an Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast. Its ability was optimised to counter large swarms, the reason why it was the most valuable treasure in the 43rd Settlement's treasury.

The reason was its second ability.

Secondary Nature—Akashic Transfer!

It was a simple power. The second edge of Linked Rupture, which would affect the caster; Akashic Transfer simply transfers it away to another target. Meaning, as long as the targets were in even numbers, the Grim Knell could easily take out their senses.

The side effect would be borne by another target. And the requirement to activate both Linked Rupture and Akashic Transfer was a soundwave.

Moreover, once the second edge was transferred to another target, Linked Rupture would be maintained until the second target ran out of Prana. Therefore, with minimal Prana consumption, Grim Knell could counter large hordes.

Of course, the stronger the target, the greater the consumption for a shorter effect duration. Moreover, since the second edge was herself when she activated Linked Rupture on the Boar King, Asaeya's Prana reserves were emptied in an instant.

Clap! Clang!

Soft ringing sounds reverberated in their vicinity as all Slump Lizards dropped to the ground, losing their motor functions. Prana Bombs jumped on their bodies every second, draining them of all Prana.

And before they regained their motor functions, Life Bombs—ones that would birth the Empyrean Zinger Queen—followed suit, sucking them of all their lifespan. Since they were only Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, the eggs would never hatch. Hence, they remained as a reserve of lifeforce for his later consumption.

Through the Life Hands, Inala recovered his age bit by bit. It was a long, eventful night. And as dawn approached, the Slump Lizards began retreating.

By now, Inala had absorbed enough lifeforce to become a fourteen-year-old girl. His reserve expanded to three Empyrean Zinger Scouts, ten Prana Bombs, and two Life Bombs—with lifeforce.

With their Prana reserves full, Inala and Asaeya stole some harvested grains from the settlement and scaled up the mountain, reaching the peak. From this height, he observed the actions of the Rooster Tribesmen that reverted to their human forms upon sunrise.

Ten metres below the peak on the outer side, Asaeya drilled a cave for them to rest and cultivate. Exhausted from the fight, Inala fell asleep the moment he closed his eyes.

Asaeya stood watch near the entrance and observed the Slump Lizards retreat into the river, surprised to notice the swarm erasing their traces as they retreated, 'It seems like a scheme to lure in unsuspecting prey, from both sides.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 108 Body Stage and Life Stage
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Once it was dawn, the hair-like tendrils dancing over the river retreated. Asaeya observed their actions with a frown, wondering what the Pranic Beast was.

The Mammoth Clan had compiled a list of Pranic Beasts, adding in their traits, expected habitats, Primary Natures, etc. to form an encyclopedia. This was information they collected through their travel route, from both personal experience and information purchased from the various Kingdoms and Empires they traded with.

Even though the Mammoth Clan's Pranic Beast encyclopedia boasted a large collection of information, it didn't have everything.

Sumatra Continent was too large to scale. And the century-long route taken by the herd merely covered a small portion of the continent. Even there, they could only collect information from Pranic Beasts they chance upon, which bordered their travel route.

Anything beyond was pretty much dark territory, the unknown. The Rockatrice was a pretty famous Pranic Beast, with a good fraction of them setting home along the Empyrean Tusk herd's route.

After all, the route would be wide and flat as the herd passes through and stomps everything in their path. Typically, Pranic Beast territories formed around such routes, ensuring the route didn't travel within any territory. After all, it meant the respective territory would face disaster every hundred years as the herd moved through it.

As a result, Empyrean tusk routes were free from the influence of any Pranic Beasts. Therefore, it was frequented by Pranic Beasts who wished to travel from one region to another without having to enter the territories of other Pranic Beasts.

Camping along such a route meant meals would be freely delivered to its doorstep. Hence, it was popular among Rockatrice.

And whenever the Empyrean Tusk herd notices a Rockatrice, it would carefully move around it to ensure the Rockatrice wasn't harmed. The reason wasn't pity or anything. But rather, profit.

The Mammoth Clan would steal its eggs.

The eggs of an Advance Silver Grade Pranic Beast were valuable. Many Settlement Leaders used a Rockatrice's power. It was a defensive unit after all. The regions it protected were pretty much impossible to breach.

Moreover, if the Settlement Leaders wished to move, they would simply revert to their human forms. As they didn't have the Rockatrice's mobility restriction, in their hands, the power of a Rockatrice jumped up by many levels.

Asaeya's mother, Zahaella, had the Rockatrice's power. So, she was well aware of its nature. But even she didn't know the identity of the Pranic Beast hiding in the river that seemed antagonistic to the Rockatrice.

"This needs to be investigated." She muttered, her eyes glinting in response, "And if it's a powerful Pranic Beast with a useful ability, the Clan will benefit from its eggs. We can route ourselves to enter its territory."

The egg of every single Silver Grade Pranic Beast was valuable. After all, any Mammoth Clansmen that fused with such an egg ends up becoming a master, proving a valuable addition to the Mammoth Clan's power.

After fusing with such an egg, their lifespan would range between 300-600 years. And a majority of the time, irrespective of how much a settlement gets destroyed, masters would survive.

Eventually, they would repopulate the settlement. It was why no matter how horrible the damage, the Mammoth Clan recovered their numbers within two decades.

After all, the pillars—masters—forming the settlement's core strength remained alive. Usually, they were limited by the number of Silver Grade Pranic Beast eggs in their possession. It was because not many Silver Grade Pranic Beast territories existed on their path.

And to avoid any crippling damage, the Empyrean Tusk herd wholly avoided the territories of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. Hence, they had to limit themselves to the eggs they stole from the territories of Silver Grade Pranic Beasts they had mapped out.

If she could find another such territory, it would elevate the Mammoth Clan's power by another margin.

She didn't get ahead of herself and instead meditated, familiarising herself better with the Grim Knell's power. Contained in her Primary and Secondary Nature was everything about the Grim Knell, from its habits to its instincts.

Only by familiarising herself with them could she wield her power better. It was a process all Mammoth Clansmen had to do. As they become more familiar, their mind gets shaped according to their respective Pranic Beast's body.

Only after that could they fill up their Spirit Container and build a body.

First, Asaeya had to strengthen her Spirit Container in the same way she did at the Spirit Stage. Following that, she would have to meditate and become more accustomed to the Grim Knell's body.

Her level of understanding would unlock certain sections of the Spirit Container. She would swallow an Empyrean Tusk's bone powder—usually taken from its tusk—and accumulate that in the respective sections.

Following that, she would have to refine those parts of the Spirit Container until they resemble the respective body parts of the Grim Knell. Rinse and repeat the process until she builds her Spirit Container into the Grim Knell.

The moment she completes the process, she will reach the peak of the Body Stage. At that moment, she would possess 3449 Prana, able to wield the full strength of a Grim Knell.

The Life Stage was basically a repeat of the Body Stage. Asaeya would have to rebuild the Grim Knell's body multiple times.

After finishing the first body, she would be at the peak of the Body Stage, which also translated to 1-Life Stage.

Following that, she would be able to condense a second Spirit Container. It was a repeat of the process at the Body Stage. The second Spirit Container would become a second Grim Knell. Once she completes it, she will reach the peak of the 2-Life Stage.

And the moment she condenses a third Spirit Container, she possesses two lives. Meaning, even if she were to be killed twice, she would revive.

Usually, when a master gets killed, they would choose to sacrifice their latest life, for that body was still being built. So, it meant lowering the loss of resources.

The entire process of cultivation was pretty much a strategic management of resources as one faces the struggles of life. In the Body Stage, their cultivation was limited by their understanding of their respective Pranic Beast's body.

But there was no such restriction in the Life Stage. After all, they already built their Pranic Beast body once. Repeating it a second or third time only became easier. Therefore, they were only limited by time and resources.

At present, Asaeya had a lack of resources, 'Inala said he has enough bone powder to complete his body. But if I add myself to the mix, then it's not enough for either of us.'

She stared at the egg nearby Inala, 'This mission would last until the new Gannala grows and sheds her human form to become an Empyrean Tusk. It might take years. The bone powder would be consumed long before that. Only the bone powder from the tusk is perfect. Anything else would simply lower our potential.'

She sighed, "I need to figure out a source for it before we run out."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 109 A Regionwide Trap
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

By noon, Inala was awake. He left two of his strongest Empyrean Zinger Scouts in the cave, one for the sleeping Asaeya and the other for the new Gannala. Their job was to protect the two and alert him of any danger.

A Zinger was capable of relaying an entire essay's worth of information through a short shout, so it was easy to transmit information through them. Besides, their cave was situated close to the peak and hidden from view.

So, it was easy to detect any enemy long before their arrival. Even for expert climbers like a Zinger, scaling up 600 metres worth of the rugged mountain slope took minutes.

Carrying the weak Empyrean Zinger Scout, Inala arrived at the peak and took a seat, observing the settlement.

Once it was daybreak, the Rooster Tribesmen reverted to their human forms. The women were tired, but they began to clean up the battlefield promptly.

The Sludge Lizard corpses were dumped into a large vermicompost pit dug within a mountain. It seemed they had perfected the process for that, judging by how healthy and robust the farm crops were growing.

There seemed to be at least sixty vermicompost pits in the settlement. As invasion by the Slump Lizards was a daily occurrence, they filled a pit daily. After sixty days, the respective pit would be dug out and the compost would be used to feed the farm.

After cleaning up the corpses, the group of women retired for the day. It was around evening time when they woke up, dividing themselves into two groups.

The first group worked on the farm. Some of them carried the farm produce to the peak of the mountain in the centre and dumped them into the lake where the Rockatrice consumed them.

Thanks to his enhanced eyesight, Inala was able to observe that the Rockatrice had a bulging body, "It's about to give birth. That's why it's consuming so much food."

All Panic Beasts in Sumatra were the egg-laying kind. The only difference was in the hatching duration. For Pranic Beasts like the Empyrean Boars, the eggs hatch right as they exit their mother's womb.

It was the same for an Empyrean Tusk. When a woman with the Fragment Disease gave birth, right as the baby was about to come out, its eggshell would shatter. And here, the eggshell was only a gelatinous membrane, the same as a human.

It was also why Yennda was waiting for the moment when the egg would be fully developed and before the shell shattered.

'Since it's apparent that Empyrean Tusks are born through Mammoth Clansmen with the Fragment Disease, how were they born before the Mammoth Clan came into existence?' Inala distracted himself with the thought for a few minutes while observing the working women.

His eyes then trailed towards the second group of women who exited the settlement, forming a file as they carried an earthen vase each, approaching the river. After scooping water, they returned to the settlement and poured it into a reservoir meant for watering their farm and their daily use.

They made repeated trips until the sun was about to set. Soon, once nighttime approached, the mysterious Pranic Beast in the river unleashed a burst of Prana, causing the Slump Lizards to rush out and swarm the settlement through its entrance.

In response, the Rockatrice in the lake at the settlement's centre unleashed its burst of Prana, transforming the woman into Rooster Tribesmen.

While the two sides fought, Inala and Asaeya entered the settlement and stealthily accumulated Prana Bombs.

Before Asaeya slept, she boiled the rice grains stolen from the settlement. A morsel later, she spat it out.

At her settlement, she ate Maetalla, a nutrition-rich meaty substance created to perfectly address all of a Mammoth Clanman's nutritional and taste needs. There were flavour varieties among Maetalla, ensuring things never got boring in their food.

This was a product of evolution micro-managed to suit the Mammoth Clan perfectly to a tee. Having been spoilt by that, Asaeya couldn't even swallow a single bite of the rice grown at the Rooster Tribe settlement.

Even Inala, after living there for just ten months was spoilt. It felt like he would lose interest towards food the longer he consumed these bland grains and would lose body mass upon extended lack of food intake.

In the end, the duo decided to rely upon the Prana Bombs. The taste of the fluid in the Prana Bomb varied based on the Prana it absorbed. The Prana Bombs made using the Slump Lizards were pretty bland, but they were better than the grains.

Moreover, Inala made them absorb a unit of his Prana at the end. That raised its taste to palatable levels. In the end, they needed to hoard enough Prana Bombs for their further travel.

While Inala focused on accumulating Prana Bombs, Asaeya scouted through the settlement, scouring for information. By knowing the region better, she would be able to judge their location and eventually figure out the way to the Rumtara Kingdom.

It seemed the Rooster Tribe had been around for a couple of decades at least, based on the traces of items left behind in the houses. 'If they had been around for so long, they should have scouted this region pretty well.'

Asaeya made her way to one of the largest wooden houses and hid beneath one of its windows. She inhaled a deep breath and clapped lightly.

There were many girls within the house, seemingly doing something. In unison, they felt their senses slowly zoning out, forcing them into a state of relaxation. And as their senses vanished, they fell unconscious gently.

Asaeya retracted the effects of Linked Rupture and peered in through the window, observing around ten girls within. They had been working on sewing leather armour and other miscellaneous processes associated with it. On a shelf in the corner were leather scrolls.

Information was being recorded on them using charcoal. Asaeya tiptoed into the room to avoid waking up the girls and opened the closest scroll, observing information related to farm produce recorded on it.

There was a tribe registry, their expected yield, grain reserves, proposed future infrastructure plans, etc. Asaeya soon found a map, noticing it detailed the region between the settlement and the river. There were other maps too, but this one caught her attention, 'Wait a second…why is there another settlement here?'

There was only a blank circle drawn there, with the words next to it hinting at the possibility of a settlement. That was all. It was barebones at best, but upon pondering about it, Asaeya felt the likelihood of a settlement existing there was high.

'If the Pranic Beast in the river is strong enough to rival the Rockatrice, then it too would have captured some of the Free Humans that ran to this region.' Thinking as such, she began to look through the other scrolls, stunned upon noticing something, "Oh shit!"

"This region is a giant trap!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 110 Intending to Influence an Existing Scheme
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Asaeya hurriedly referred to other scrolls, memorising them all before rushing out. She entered many houses to find other bits and pieces of information.

At dawn, she accompanied Inala to return to their cave, stating in worry, "It's a scheme."

"What type of scheme?" Inala asked.

"The Pranic Beast in the river is an ally of the Rockatrice." She said, "They're collaborating with each other to use the Slump Lizards as a whetstone. Their purpose is to use the constant threat and repeated battles to make the Ravaged Tribe adapt faster. Basically, a forced evolution through the concept of survival of the fittest."

"Where's the other Ravaged Tribe?" Inala asked, intending to send an Empyrean Zinger Scout to scout the area.

"Underwater," Asaeya said, pointing at a sandy shore, "There aren't many clues present at the moment. It seems the Rockatrice is actively restricting the Rooster Tribe to avoid entering this region. They have been collecting resources from every other area apart from here."

"Humans cannot live underwater," Inala frowned, "Every transformation of the Ravaged Tribe takes a toll on their bodies. Even if their transformation allows them to survive underwater, it will shorten their lifespan to constantly be moving around in their transformed states…"

"Isn't that fine?" Asaeya said, trailing over the thoughts of the Pranic Beast in the river, "It seems its goal is to only create one Ravaged Tribesman that manages to perfectly adapt to the environment. As long as that individual mates with other Free Humans, the numbers of the newly evolved Ravaged Tribesmen would quickly shoot up in a couple of decades."

"Wait, that means…" Inala shuttered and hurriedly stared at the Rooster Tribesmen, observing them in detail, "All these women appear to have only been living here for a decade, at maximum two decades."

The huts in the settlement were worn out but there were no signs of repairs being conducted. Clothes? No effort was being made in that regard as the women simply made do with whatever was available.

The Rooster Tribesmen only focused on two aspects: Farming and Fighting. Both aspects were beneficial only to the Rockatrice.

By farming, they were accumulating grains necessary for the Rockatrice's consumption. And by fighting, they were better getting accustomed to their mutating bodies.

Of course, it was taking a toll on them, judging by the strained skeletal structure he observed in the women. They fought throughout the night, cleaned the settlement in the morning, slept during the afternoon, farmed, and gathered resources during the evening.

It was apparent to anyone that they were being worked to their limit. As a result, they were aging a lot faster. At this rate, they would die in three to four years. But the fact that the Rockatrice didn't seem bothered about that, despite its level of intelligence being superior to humans meant only one thing.

By pushing them to the brink of death daily, the Rockatrice was forcing them to adapt to the conditions better. And when they were on the verge of death, it made them mate and create the next generation.

It didn't matter if all of them died. No, it only selected the woman that had mutated the most according to its needs. The woman would then mate with the man who had similarly evolved the most.

They would create a batch of children who were significantly more evolved. As long as that was successful, the Rockatrice was satisfied.

It would then bring in more Free Humans who would mate with these children once they reach adulthood, creating the next generation of highly evolved Rooster Tribesmen.

Adapting to extreme situations birthed a Nature. The Rockatrice's goal was to birth a Nature in the Rooster Tribesmen that made them more adapted to the conditions.

One success in the entire settlement was enough. That successful Tribesman would breed with a new batch of Free Humans, populating the Rooster Tribe. Rinse and repeat the process and the time period required to evolve was shortened drastically.

This was the Rockatrice's goal. And the same held true for the Pranic Beast in the river. That was what Asaeya had managed to piece together by the sparse records in the Rooster Tribe.

The Rooster Tribesmen weren't even aware of this. They simply noted down their observations of their surroundings. But from an omniscient perspective and Asaeya's knowledge, she was able to derive the conclusion.

"What I can conclude is this," Asaeya said, "There's a weak Kingdom nearby that is constantly being targeted by these two Pranic Beasts using the Slump Lizards. Whenever the Kingdom is harmed, refugees flee. They are somehow lured into these two settlements."

"Indeed, life on the surface is messed up." Inala nodded.

"Do you wish to save them?" Asaeya asked.

"It's a burden." Inala shook his head, "Besides, interference from our side would only complicate things. We still don't know how many Pranic Beasts are on this scheme."

"That is true," Asaeya nodded, "Such an elaborate scheme doesn't seem like it has been concocted by only two Pranic Beasts. We might get ourselves into a lot of trouble by interfering here, which might hinder our mission."

"Besides," She spoke with a cold-hearted tone, "The people here are done for anyway. The moment they became slaves to a Pranic Beast, their lives were no longer in their control."

"So, it's not worth it to save them."

"You're not entirely right about that." Inala smiled suddenly, "There are things we can gain from this. The goal of the Rockatrice here is for the Rooster Tribesmen to gain a Nature."

Once he explained the details related to gaining a Tertiary Nature, he continued, "Therefore, if we can figure out all the conditions it's employing for a Nature to manifest, we can steer it from behind the scenes towards a result that ends up benefiting the Mammoth Clan in the long term."

"Please explain," Asaeya blinked in confusion, "I'm not sure what you're getting at."

"Look here," Inala pointed at the settlement, "A region surrounded by walls thanks to the Rockatrice's ability. People are living here as part of the Ravaged Tribe."

He then pointed towards the mountain at the centre of the settlement, "Their master is the Rockatrice living there. It's just about to lay eggs. But, what if it were to suddenly die?"

"The Rooster Tribe loses its master." Asaeya's eyes widened, able to glean slightly into his plans. She then urged him to continue, "What after that then?"

"A Ravaged Clan cannot function without a master. But, what if," Inala said, "I influence them to gain a Nature that does so? They fully evolve into the Rooster Tribe but one that doesn't need to serve a Rockatrice."

"Instead, their Nature makes them worship the Mammoth Clan." Inala concluded, "That means we would have a base on the surface, acting as a pitstop for our journey."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 111 Carcass Snail
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"How do you plan to do that?" Asaeya asked, now even more confused than before.

"There are some ways, but we need more information first." Inala then tapped his head, "I also need to comprehend all the memories I received from the previous Gannala."

"For the time being, we'll accumulate more resources and cultivate." He continued, "We'll set 200 Prana as the goal. Only after that will we take action. Until then, you look around for more clues in the female settlement while I'll do the same in the male settlement."

"We have no idea how many Pranic Beasts are in this scheme and which human Kingdom they have been targeting all along. Let's map out everything first before taking action." He stared at the egg containing the new Gannala to conclude, "We're reaching the limit to how long I can store her in the egg. So, our first priority is to determine if we're far away from Dieng Canyon."

"Got it," Asaeya nodded and got out of the cave, "As all Pranic Beasts in this region are nocturnal, it's the safest to move around during the day. As the Rooster Clan is asleep at this time, I'll look for more clues."

Once it was afternoon time, Asaeya entered the settlement and began to look around for more clues, conveniently using her powers to ensure everyone was asleep.

In the meantime, Inala sent his three Empyrean Zinger Scouts to glide around different parts of the region. As they slowly lose their altitude while gliding, they'll travel in a circle and arrive at the foot of the mountain.

Following that, they would scale up the mountain and arrive before Inala. Once they were in range, he would be able to use their connection to access memories in their bodies like a Bone Slip, hence obtaining all the knowledge they had gained from surveying the region.

Immediately after that, the scouts would leap and glide away to another area. The three Empyrean Zinger Scouts made repeated trips.

Among them, a scout approached the river and dived in, varying its body's density to head deeper underwater. But after reaching a certain depth, there was just darkness. Until this point, the Empyrean Zinger Scout hadn't managed to spot a single Pranic Beast.

After floating around the river, failing to find anything, it approached the region where Asaeya said another settlement existed. The marked region was a rock forest filled with cactus-like plants.

While the Empyrean Zinger Scout flew in its miniature form, discrete, it spotted a human carrying a trident made from a material resembling coral. But, it was many times tougher.

The human was a male, in his early twenties, carrying a bag of tree sap as he approached an average-sized cactus in the region. With a tug of his Prana, the cactus's stem opened like a door to reveal a flight of stairs inside.

Two people stood guard inside, calmly staring at him. The Empyrean Zinger Scout stealthily landed on his bag and hid amidst its creases, watching as he descended through the flight of stairs. The path was two metres wide while the steps resembled glass.

It had been created by melting and pouring sand over a rocky layer, creating a decently smooth surface to walk upon. It was also easier to carve stairs this way instead of having to carve on stone.

Even though such a task was nothing much to comment on for a cultivator, judging by the way they used molten sand that was brittle and had already cracked at a lot of places, the one in charge of it simply didn't seem to care.

Cracking sounds resounded as the man stepped on the steps, walking through the long stretch of stairs, the path illuminated by luminescent crystals embedded in the walls. After almost ten minutes of nonstop walking, the man entered a large underground dome, spanning at least an area of 10 square kilometres.

Large coral reefs filled the region and strewn across them, forming thick sheets of moss were the mattresses where the humans slept. Judging by the lack of walls, the concept of privacy seemed non-existent.

The humans wore minimal fabric to cover their bodies, focusing solely on the nether regions. The fabric was pretty much dried moss that was flattened to resemble fabric. It didn't have life and usually tore off after a few days.

The Empyrean Zinger Scout jumped off from the bag and scaled up the dome, staring from the safety of the ceiling, observing a group of women seated on a large coral reef platform. They were making thinly compressed plasters of moss, intending to turn them into clothes later.

A group of men entered and left a large coral reef that served as a room. Stored in them to the brim were eggs. A man entered it and came out with a dozen eggs. He found a corner and sat there, using his prana to ignite some dried moss, treating it as fuel.

Using his Prana, he wrapped each egg with a thick layer of wet moss and made them hover in the fire, turning them slowly. A few minutes later, the moss had been burnt off. The eggshell now had a bluish-green colour, vibrant just like the moss.

He cracked open the shell and ate the boiled egg that was inside, relishing the taste. Upon inhaling the smell, the Empyrean Zinger Scout drooled due to hunger. But it wasn't distracted and instead focused on its mission, staring at a group of people walking towards one corner of the dome that sported a massive hole.

On the other side of the hole was the river water, its only indicator being the sounds generated by its undercurrents. Due to the depth, sunlight couldn't reach here, making everything dark.

For a moment, the Empyrean Zinger Scout wondered why the river water didn't gush inside the dome. Only then did it notice something stir up in the hole. No, the entire hole was being blocked by a shelled being that was almost transparent in nature.

It corked the hole, with the upper half of its body submerged in the river. And taking advantage of the river currents, it was consuming the soil at the river bed.

The upper half was a fleshly entity while the lower part was a thick shell. It seemed the creature could also change the shape and size of the shell as it pleases, covering its entire body with it if it so pleases.

It was a strange Pranic beast. The Empyrean Zinger Scout had no idea of what it was. Hence, it began to look around the dome, scouring for any information, spending the entire day in response. Finally, it found out about its name.

Advance Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Carcass Snail!

A transparent Pranic Beast that could only survive in the depths of the river where light couldn't reach. Its sensory organs wouldn't be able to handle an exposure to light that would overwhelm it. Carcass Snails were one of the few mobility-lacking Pranic Beasts in Sumatra Continent.

Hence, they would set up home at an advantageous location on the river bed where multiple undercurrents merge. These undercurrents transport the soil at the river bed, the primary food of the Carcass Snail.

Upon consuming the soil, the Carcass Snail generates moss on its shell, termed Shell Moss, its Primary Nature.

The Shell Moss generated on its lower back was consumed by humans while the content generated on its upper body was taken adrift by the undercurrents, later feasted upon by the Slump Lizards that made home at a shallower depth, alternating between the depths where sunlight reached and where it didn't.

And despite their ferocious nature, not once did the Slump Lizards try to target the Carcass Snail. Soon, night approached as suddenly, the body of the Carcass Snail turned opaque, taking on a shade of black.

It opened its mouth and shot out streams of Shell Moss that jutted out of the river, dancing overhead like leeches did at the scent of blood. As it danced, large pieces of Shell Moss fell off from it and rained on the river.

The Slump Lizards went into a frenzy as they consumed the Shell Moss and then charged out, spreading everywhere on the shore like a wave.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 112 Mollusc Tribe
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Slump Lizards seemed unable to control their hunger, devouring the Shell Moss to their limit. And once they did so, they were at the beck and call of the Carcass Snail, hence charging across the surface.

An Empyrean Zinger Scout kept watch over the river, observing everything in detail. It didn't have night vision and hence couldn't see things clearly. But it could still rely upon other senses to get a feel for things happening at the moment.

The Empyrean Zinger Scout within the dome approached the Carcass Snail's shell and determined a spot undetectable to the people, watching from there.

The moment the Carcass Snail unleashed the streams of Shell Moss and instigated the Slump Lizards, the people within the dome grunted as their bodies began to change.

A shell began to protrude out of their backs while a mucous membrane covered their face, allowing them to breathe underwater at such depths. The shells had no other function other than to serve as a deformity, making the people struggle.

Ravaged Tribe—Mollusc Tribe!

The Mollusc Tribe seemed significantly less evolved than the Rooster Tribe as they weren't even able to handle their transformation properly. Of course, since they intended to proceed in the aquatic evolution route that was against their original nature, the challenges were steeper.

The Mollusc Tribe approached the Carcass Snail's shell and touched it, gradually seeping into it like it was jelly. The bodies of each Mollusc Tribesman were carried in such a way throughout the Carcass Snail's body and brought to its front before the Pranic Beast spit them out.

The Mollusc Tribesmen swam towards the river bed and began to mop the floor with their tridents, creating streamlined patterns. They were careful with their actions, having enough expertise.

One Mollusc Tribesman did the same when his trident's tip hit something hard. Like a shovel, he carefully dug out the object, watching sand slip through the gaps in the trident, revealing a fist-sized egg.

It was a Slump Lizard egg. The Mollusc Tribesman secured the egg in the shell on his back, continuing to sweep the river bed. Every few minutes, he found an egg.

Placed on his shell was a luminescent crystal that illuminated his immediate vicinity. The range seemed to be three metres, beyond which the light wasn't bright enough for his eyes to make out anything.

The Mollusc Tribesmen moved as a group, staying within two metres of each other to keep the region continually lit.

Suddenly, right as he dug out another egg, the Mollusc Tribesman lost his balance and fell hard on the river bed, sustaining bruises in response. He got up in a hurry and thrust out with his trident, skewering a Slump Lizard.

As their eggs were being stolen, the Slump Lizards retaliated, targeting the Mollusc Tribesmen. Waves and waves of them charged at the Mollusc Tribesmen, resulting in a bloody battle breaking out between the two sides.

The strange thing here was that despite their superior numbers, none of the slump Lizards targeted the Carcass Snail. Rather, they treated it as an ally.

The Primary Nature of Shell Moss affected those who consumed it. They would be gradually brainwashed to develop a repulsion towards harming the Carcass Snail. And the greater the quantity of Shell Moss they consumed, the stronger the repulsion.

If this is kept up for a while, the consumers of the Shell Moss would naturally begin treating the Carcass Snail as an ally. That was what happened to the Slump Lizards, for their primary diet was the Shell Moss that existed in large quantities throughout the river.

Moreover, the Shell Moss also dissolved into the river water, affecting any being that drank the water.

After some time, the Empyrean Zinger Scout planted a Prana Bomb on the Carcass Snail's shell, observing its opaque body tremble in response. But as it couldn't move, it was helpless.

By the time it notified the Mollusc Tribesmen about feeling pain at one location on its shell, the Empyrean Zinger Scout finished consuming the Prana Bomb as it reverted to its miniature form and climbed onto the ceiling in the dome.

For the rest of the night, it observed the fight between the Mollusc Tribe and the Slump Lizards. When dawn approached, the Mollusc Tribesmen entered the Carcass Snail's mouth and were transported into the dome.

Immediately after that, they stored the harvested eggs and reverted to their human forms, collapsing to the floor in exhaustion. The Tribesmen in charge of other duties arrived to their assistance and helped them settle into their sleeping quarters.

The Mollusc Tribesmen lived an even more simplistic life than the Rooster Tribe. All they did was fight and gather eggs for consumption. They did nothing else. Very rarely, a Mollusc Tribesman was sent to the surface to harvest tree sap from a cactus.

The Empyrean Zinger Scout stealthily approached the door and used its jaws to chew open a tiny door. It could only be accessed in its miniature form as it arrived outside and climbed to the top of the cactus.

It leapt into the air and glided towards another cactus. Following that, it climbed to its peak and jumped once again, repeating the process of traveling from one cactus to another.

Soon, it entered the forest and used the trees to glide around, eventually making its way to the Rooster Tribe's settlement. The Empyrean Zinger Scout's body expanded, reaching a size of thirty centimetres as it began to climb up the mountain faster.

Secondary Nature—Internal inertial Gravity!

Its body was strengthened, allowing it to flicker across the slope and arrive before Inala. It reverted to its miniature form once again, landed on his head, and began to sleep.

Accessing its memories, Inala understood what the Carcass Snail was up to, having a better idea of the scheme in place. He then iterated the information to Asaeya who used her Spirit Weapons to draw a map of the region on a slate of bone, jotting down the details.

"You said the Slump Lizards spread radially?" She asked while making the map.

"Pretty much," Inala nodded.

"Was there any difference in their population density?" She asked next.

"Now that you mention it," Inala recalled the imagery seen by the second Empyrean Zinger Scout, saying, "There were streams with more than the usual number of Slump Lizards. One of these streams approached this settlement."

"Can you point me their direction?" Asaeya asked as she drew the lines, making the density pattern exhibited by the Slump Lizards.

By now, she had carved a realistic model of the entire region's terrain based on the imagery Inala fed her through a Bone Slip.

Staring at the bone slate that spanned an area of four metres, Inala pointed in the direction with the densest stream of Slump Lizards, "I'll send my scouts this way next."

"I think that's where the human Kingdom is located."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 113 Baby Gannala Wakes Up
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Uwaa…Wah!"

The baby Gannala was crying once again. The lifeforce infused into the egg was used up. But even when Inala infused more lifeforce into it, she showed no signs of sleeping.

And the moment she woke up, she felt suffocated to be inside the egg. But the problem was that if Inala were to open it like before when she was asleep, her crying voice would resound. If they failed to be out of the range, then her cries would bring the Boar King to them.

"Inala! Make a bigger egg!" Asaeya shouted in a fluster, "Encase this cave inside it. That way, we'll at least be able to buy enough time."

"Okay," Inala nodded and condensed a giant Prana Bomb, one that spanned a size of three metres. It encased the entirety of the cave inside it as the egg holding the baby Gannala shattered. Her cries resounded throughout the egg but thanks to the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity in the giant Prana Bomb's shell, her cries were sealed.

"Uwaa!" The baby Gannala flailed her hand, seemingly hungry.

Asaeya was carrying her in her hands. Suddenly, her face twisted in pain as her joints dislocated. The baby Gannala turned more than a hundred times heavier, the rapid increase in weight harmed her arms. "Shit!"

"Keep her on the floor," Inala shouted from outside the giant Prana Bomb. But of course, his voice couldn't reach Asaeya. However, once he turned it translucent, she was able to see him.

After her joints dislocated, she dropped the baby Gannala on the floor, stunned to see cracks form on the giant Prana Bomb from the point of contact. As for the baby, she didn't even seem to sport an injury.

The baby Gannala kicked with her legs softly, creating an imprint on the giant Prana Bomb. She was merely two days old and even then, her strength could damage the Prana Bomb, not a regular Zinger's Prana Bomb, but Inala's.

Even a Zinger Scout's Prana Bomb was tremendously hard. As an Empyrean Zinger, Inala's Prana Bombs were on a whole other level. When even that was harmed by a baby merely two days after birth, it was nothing but a stronger confirmation of her existence.

Empyrean Tusk!

The new Gannala sported the appearance of a human baby. But she had already begun to manifest the traits of her Primary Nature. That was why her body density shot up all of a sudden.

But that wasn't the real issue. Asaeya stared in worry as baby Gannala's body began to shrivel up slowly but surely, "She's losing nutrients fast!"

Unlike in Inala's case where Internal Inertial Gravity only took effect when activated, it was pretty much a passive skill in baby Gannala's case. The only time it would even deactivate is upon her death.

The amount of energy required to upkeep an Empyrean Tusk's body was a ginormous sum. Theoretically, an Empyrean Tusk had around 8398 Prana. But, that was only in terms of the Prana flowing through its body.

Every single organ in the Empyrean Tusk was a biome, holding resources capable of piling up to become mountains. These resources were constantly processed by the organs, replenishing the Prana that was being constantly consumed.

Empyrean Tusks had the highest upkeep necessity. And even though baby Gannala was just a newborn, the moment her Primary Nature began to unleash its effect, the volume contained within her organs began to increase.

Space within them was being enlarged. And such an action required a lot of Prana. As a result, her body mass was being combusted to be converted into Prana. If they don't do something to replenish her Prana, she will die.

Asaeya grabbed a Prana Bomb that had already been cracked by Inala. With a poke of her finger, a hole formed, allowing her to pour out the contents.

Using the Mystic Bone Art, Asaeya created a bottle to house the contents in order to feed baby Gannala. Prana surged into her dislocated joints and forcibly recorrected them. She growled in pain, preparing herself for more pain to come the following days as she took care of the baby.

Thankfully for her, the moment she activated her Mystic Bone Art, baby Gannala turned calm. She slowly turned her head and stared at Asaeya to let out a smile.

"Here, eat." Asaeya was awkward in her actions as she brought the bottle toward baby Gannala's mouth, unsure if she was doing the right thing. Through her Prana, she controlled the nozzle, causing a drop of fluid to drip into Gannala's mouth.

"Gua!" The baby Gannala made a face of dissatisfaction but drank the fluid. A few seconds later though, she gently lifted her head, stunning Asaeya as a pair of incisors grew in a matter of seconds. Following that, she chomped the nozzle and swallowed it.

"That's dangerous!" Asaeya shouted as she used her Prana to make the bitten nozzle fly away. Had the baby Gannala swallowed it, she would have ended up choking. Of course, that was in terms of a normal human baby.

Whether or not it applied to Gannala didn't matter. Asaeya wasn't sure, but she didn't wish to take the risk. With the nozzle bitten off, the fluid gushed out. Through her Prana, Asaeya held it back and continued to make droplets drip in baby Gannala's mouth, slowly.

But it seemed the baby had other thoughts as she made a funnel shape with her mouth and unleashed a strong suction force, causing all the fluid in the bottle to gush into her mouth. Like a sinkhole, she swallowed it.

And a few seconds later, unleashed a loud fart, expunging all the extra air she had swallowed.

"Ugh!" The absurdity of the situation made Asaeya's head spin. She then turned around to stare at Inala, motioning with her hands to show she could handle their situation, somehow.

"Be safe," Saying so, Inala left the weakest Empyrean Zinger Scout behind while he took the other two with him and began to climb down from the mountain.

His goal was to determine the name and location of the human Kingdom. As long as they were far enough, he could retract the giant Prana Bomb. But otherwise, they would have to flee.

'For the Prana necessary to flee at our fastest speed, I would require high-quality Prana in large amounts. The only way to obtain it is from the Rockatrice and Carcass Snail.' For a moment, Inala hesitated, as such an action would result in the deaths of the Rooster and Mollusc Tribes.

But upon recalling the face of the Boar King, he grunted in anger, 'Even if I don't like her, she's still my daughter. And I don't plan on dying anytime soon.'

"Shit!" Roaring as such, he used Internal Inertial Gravity and bolted through the forest, coldness gradually settling in his expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 114 Entering a Human City
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Through his psychokinesis, Inala made an Empyrean Zinger Scout fly 60 metres diagonally upward, allowing it to keep watch over the area and alert him beforehand of any danger.

The second Empyrean Zinger Scout revolved around him as Earth did around the Sun while the Sun moved in its path through space. This Empyrean Zinger Scout made course corrections on its own and whenever its altitude dropped, Inala lifted it up.

As both Empyrean Zinger Scouts were in their miniature forms, it was hard to notice them. This was one among the dozens of reasons Inala obtained this power.

In terms of brute power, it wasn't all that high in the power scale of Sumatra. But in terms of versatility and survivability, he felt it stood at the top.

Especially his Tertiary Nature. It was the most important variable that gave him the necessary versatility. It first allowed him to treat all Empyrean Zingers as Bone Slips, either by touching them with his body or by Prana, as long as they were in range.

Since they were part of his immune system, through the influence of his Primary Nature, their bodies could shrink or revert to their original size. As Empyrean Zingers were Silver Grade Pranic Beasts, their intelligence was on par with humans.

When they were in his range, Inala could control their bodies like Spirit Weapons. It wasn't just this. But his Tertiary and Secondary Natures combined to influence his Primary Nature, allowing him to control the size of his Prana Bomb and Life Bomb.

Through Prana Bombs, Inala could accumulate food and Prana resources and store them. And though he couldn't increase his maximum lifespan, but by drinking the fluid in an unhatched Life Bomb—one meant to birth a queen—and absorbing its lifeforce, Inala could rapidly regenerate his body.

It perfectly assisted in recovery, whether for him or others.

Survival, scouting, individual battle prowess, recovery, assisting, etc. his abilities checked all the boxes necessary to survive in Sumatra Continent.

Sumatra Chronicles repeatedly stressed upon a fact—it wasn't the strongest that survived on Sumatra, but the fittest.

Inala rushed in the direction where he judged the human Kingdom existed. By reducing his weight to the limit, he leaped, allowing his leg muscles to spring him forward the most. Immediately after his feet left the ground, he raised his density, shooting forth like a cannonball.

This way, the effects of wind resistance against him were the least. Right as he was about to land, he reduced his density to the limit, gently landing on the ground like a feather, barely making a sound.

This way, he was like a ninja, making his way through the forest, covering ten metres with every jump. He wasn't always accurate, but the more he moved in this way, the more he became attuned to the process, accumulating experience.

He sprinted for three hours nonstop before gasping in exhaustion, arriving at a stop. He had expended most of his Prana to maintain such an explosive speed. He took out a Prana Bomb from his Storage Lantern and ate it, resting a little to catch a breather.

Once his digestion started and his cultivation technique began to replenish his Prana, Inala sprinted again. His two Empyrean Zinger Scouts kept watch of everything. Hence, he could blindly rush forth without any problems.

Thankfully in the past two days, he had accumulated a lot of Prana Bombs. Even after leaving most of them with Asaeya to help feed the baby Gannala, he still had enough to fill his Storage Lantern to the brim.

The problem with Storage Lanterns was the fact that each floor only housed a cubic metre in space. This aspect could never be improved. Otherwise, the space within would destabilise and it would require constant input of Prana.

That made them uneconomical. Hence, a cubic metre was the limit per floor. A Four-Storey Storage Lantern was pretty expensive in that regard. But that was it. There was limited space in it. 'In the future, when I have enough money, I'll purchase more of them.'

He was getting thirsty, but he dared not drink the river water upon knowing what the Carcass Snail was doing to it. Hence, he limited himself to the filtered water stored in his Storage Lantern.

By pouring water into a bone container, all a Mammoth Clansman had to do was activate the Mystic Bone Art, and all substances harmful to a Mammoth Clansman would be absorbed by the bone container.

But as the process took time, he couldn't do that for now, focusing on running instead. It took him eight hours of nonstop running before a walled city came into view. 'I'm finally here!'

The walls reached a height of forty metres, appearing robust. There were signs of wear and tear on it, not to mention damage sustained from Pranic Beasts. But they had all been expertly patched up.

Inala climbed to the top of a tree and made an Empyrean Zinger Scout hover sixty metres above him, taking advantage of the vantage point to scour beyond the city walls, observing that it was a lively city.

At a simple glance, there seemed to be at least sixty to eighty thousand people living here, a lot of people for a single city. The buildings were made of stone, cylindrical in shape with fan-like roofs of wood that dangled down, resembling birch trees.

Judging by the sheer scale of activity and the decorations installed in the buildings and streets, not to mention the clothes adorned by the people, it was a rather prosperous city.

Upon seeing it, Inala felt mildly relieved, 'If the frontier city is this developed, then the Kingdom isn't weak or anything. Rather, it should be a major human civilization. The only one of such a scale in this region ought to be the Rumtara Kingdom.'

Strong-looking guards were posted at the entrance. And upon seeing the well-paved road, it was apparent that there was a lot of traffic in the form of visitors.

Inala didn't have the patience to go through the front entrance and deal with all the formalities that ensued. He only wished to confirm one detail for the time being. Everything else could wait until then.

At an altitude of sixty metres, the Empyrean Zinger Scout surveyed the top of the wall, noticing a location where the line of sight of the soldiers didn't reach.

An Empyrean Zinger Scout glided to a height of ten metres from the ground while the second was at a height of twenty metres.

Inala made a beeline towards the wall and leaped, landing on the first scout that he used like a foothold. By making his body weightless, he lightly made a second leap, landing on the second scout.

Making the first scout assume its miniature form, he controlled it like a Spirit Weapon and quickly moved it to an altitude of thirty metres when it enlarged. Upon landing on it, he made one more jump and arrived at the top of the wall. It only took him four seconds to do this.

In a similar fashion, he descended on the other side, using his Empyrean Zinger Scouts as gliding footholds in the air. Since he could control them like Spirit Weapons, he could micromanage his landing positions, able to correct any human errors he made.

In ten seconds, Inala had crossed the wall and had now officially entered a human city.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 115 Searching for Information
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The moment he landed in the city, Inala leaped towards the closest house, calming down as he used his two Empyrean Zinger Scouts—in miniature forms—to look around.

The house was a three-storey building. Followed by a couple of leaps, he landed on the terrace, rolling between the decorations to avoid detection from a couple of passersby.

There was an obvious difference in their clothing style. Inala would stick out like a sore thumb if he were to move around in his current Mammoth Clan outfit.

To blend in with the exoskeleton settlement, the clothes of Mammoth Clansmen solely consisted of shades of ivory. Depending on the shade of the exoskeleton in the part of the Settlement they lived at or spent the majority of their time, their cloth shade varied.

As he had been living at the rear end of the settlement that had a darker shade of ivory, almost bordering on grey, Inala's clothes matched that.

In terms of the fabric itself, there was a difference. As Mammoth Clansmen lived high up in the sky where clouds constantly passed through, they wore non-porous fabric to avoid any moisture getting into their clothes.

Moreover, they were heavy and stuck to the body tightly. After all, wavy clothes would be caught in the wind and act like a parachute, causing them to be sent flying by the wind.

The clothes of Mammoth Clansmen were thick body suits resembling wool in terms of texture. The men had cropped hair while the women mostly sported shoulder-length hair, often tied into a bun to avoid it flailing in the wind. It was considered offensive to leave their hair free.

The clothes in the city formed a complete contrast. The clothes here were baggy, for both men and women. Ribbons were attached to the sleeves, making them dangle like leaves. The ribbons were helical in shape for men and straight with circular ends for women.

The colours were vibrant, the flashier the better. Oftentimes, three to four vibrant colours formed a piece of cloth.

As Inala observed them, he understood that the higher one's status in society, the greater the number of vibrant colours in their clothes. The tackiness of the vibrancy too varied accordingly.

The people here didn't seem to have the habit of cutting their hair, allowing it to grow freely. The longer the hair, the better their prospects as an attractive individual to the opposite sex.

The only difference between the two sexes in terms of hair was their headgear. The men wore helmet-like headgear that covered their heads—the hair-growing region. At the end of the hair existed a conical container like a hair clip, fully housing the rear end of the long hair.

In contrast, the headgear of the women only covered their forehead, expanding slightly towards their hair. They formed designs similar to the crown of a peacock. Depending on one's fashion sense, the shape of the crown varied, but none of them ever touched the hair. It only existed on the forehead like the armour of a Triceratops—dinosaur.

When a Mammoth Clansman walked, they tried to occupy as little space as possible, because of the lack of space on an Empyrean Tusk. Everything was meant to be optimal.

But here, on the surface, space wasn't an issue. And that factor was clearly reflected in the behaviour of the people that occupied as much space as possible while they walked. Their ribbon-filled clothes dangled around their bodies.

A person here occupied at least four to five square metres of area while walking. Adding onto the distance between the people, even on the wide streets spanning a breadth of 30-40 metres, the volume of traffic was sparse.

From the terrace, Inala observed their actions, sending his Empyrean Zinger Scouts to listen in on their conversation. One of them landed on the ground and ran like a cockroach. Upon approaching a conversing target, it turned itself weightless and leaped like a leech, landing on a dangling ribbon.

The ribbon didn't even flinch when it landed, so the owner wasn't even aware of its existence. By sensing the Prana in her body, the scout determined that she was weak.

Spirit Stage—22 Prana!

It was a woman in her early thirties. The fact that she had such a pitiful sum of Prana meant she didn't even cultivate. This was the Prana her body naturally accumulated as she ate food and worked over the years.

The woman seemed to be a shopkeeper, selling shelled wares of some kind. Inala couldn't even make sense of their purpose. Instead, he focused on the task at hand, listening to their conversation through the scout.

"You know my son is preparing for the Academy Exams, right?" The shopkeeper lady said.

"I know, I know. Your eldest son is talented." One of the customers chatted, a friend of the shopkeeper, "I heard he has already accumulated twenty Prana. Isn't he a genius then?"

"Of course," The shopkeeper lady boasted, "In four years since he started cultivation, he has achieved this much. His teacher has praised his talents and says he'll get into the Academy this year."

"All Academy graduates are at the Body Stage." The customer exclaimed in admiration, "He could immediately become a powerful soldier. I'm envious. If only my sons were half as talented. Haah!"

After listening in on their conversation, Inala got a basic understanding of their power structure. 'This place has sizeable power. Judging by the lack of worry these ladies exhibit, it's not the characteristic of a Kingdom.'

Inala felt confused. After all, Sumatra Chronicles delved into the life of many Kingdoms. The people there primarily focus on food, shelter, and cultivation. That was all their life revolved around, down to the lowest class of citizens.

All of them would be desperate for resources, to cultivate better and possess enough strength to at least preserve their lives. That was how most Kingdoms were.

But here, things were different. People were calm and collected. Moreover, judging by how significantly the beauty and fashion industries had developed here, with shops selling ornaments lining up the entire street, it was apparent that their economy was stable enough to develop secondary and tertiary needs too.

'That's the characteristic of an Empire.' Inala felt a headache, 'Where the fuck did we land?'

His knowledge only extended to what Sumatra Chronicles showed and what he learnt from the Mammoth Clan. Sumatra Continent was too vast to be aware of everything. And this place was one such region.

He didn't have a single idea of what to expect from here. After looking around for some more time, Inala felt nervous as there was too much miscellaneous information available around. 'This won't do. The giant Prana Bomb can at most last until dawn. I need to return before then.'

He looked around and jumped from one terrace to another. Suddenly, the house owner arrived on the terrace of one such house. But before he could even register Inala's appearance, a Prana Hand knocked him unconscious.

Inala moved locations until he arrived before a restaurant. Upon observing the type of crowd that visited the establishment, he realised he could find the information he needed. Followed by a leap, he landed on the establishment's terrace and sneaked in.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 116 A Rather Forceful Interrogation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The establishment was a sprawling restaurant, spanning five storeys, with the sixth transformed into an open balcony meant for VIPs. The sixth floor was currently vacant. There was a dressing room in one corner within which sat five women, their ages ranging between early to mid-twenties.

By slipping in an Empyrean Zinger Scout, Inala probed their strengths, 'They are all at the Spirit Stage, decently weak.'

By decently weak, he meant their Prana was in the range of 50s. It wasn't much to write home about but it also wasn't little. In the end, they were slightly weak.

Judging based on the shopkeeper's earlier boast, the fact that such young girls had so much Prana meant they were fairly high up in the social ladder and were decently talented. Of course, that was in the perspective of this region.

They were all too weak from the Mammoth Clan's perspective.

Situated opposite the dressing room, positioned on the other corner of the balcony was an office room. Seated within it was a middle-aged woman that wore a dress with four colours.

Based on his primitive understanding of this society, he judged this middle-aged woman was pretty high up on the social ladder.

Cling!

"This month's revenue is five percent higher." Safara smiled in satisfaction as she poured a bag of coins into a chest. The clinking sounds produced by the coins caused her immense satisfaction, "I can never get enough of this sound!"

She picked up a coin and played around it with her finger. The coin spanned a radius of two centimetres, pretty large in size. It was made from pearl, dense and hard to break, even for her.

Embedded on the front was a denomination of '100' and on the back was the bust-up image of a man who seemed to have been of prominent status. His getup was of a level of grandness unmatched by others, extremely tacky.

Safara was the proprietress of the Golden Town Restaurant, having established her place of operation twenty years ago. From there, she quickly made a name for herself, amassing a lot of wealth.

The currency of her place was called Pella. It was backed by the authorities using Parute Fruits. The current exchange rate was 40 Pella for every Parute. Using a local currency allowed the authorities to control the flow of resources better.

Every time people wished to exchange money with Parute Fruits for cultivation, they had to approach the authorities. Hence, the authorities had a perfect grasp of the place's power ecosystem.

Safara didn't have any talent for cultivation. Hence, she remained weak during her prime years. But, she did have a talent for business. Once she set up shop and amassed a fortune, she used it to purchase a lot of cultivation resources, eventually reaching the Body Stage and cementing her authority on the business street.

Once she entered the Body Stage, she truly felt strong, using up even more resources to purchase Eruppa, an expensive mineral to forge her Avatar. Safara was assured by then that she had truly entered her golden age.

But now, she was reconsidering it. Her body was slick with sweat as her limbs turned cold, numb with fear. It was unknown when it happened, but by the time she realised, someone stood behind her.

And a hand, cold to the touch, hard, resembling bone, made contact with her shoulder, "Make a squeak, and you're dead."

"Little girl, isn't it rude to play around like this?" Safara quickly gathered her bearings, judging based on the entity's voice that she was only a little girl, fourteen or fifteen years of age. She riled up her Prana while acting calm, intending to attack, "Entering someone's office isn't good manners…"

"One more word, and you're dead." Suddenly, Safara felt a loss of words, gasping for air as her Prana was sucked into the bony hand, shocking her. Two seconds later, the process stopped, "Have you calmed down now?"

"Try that one more time and I'll destroy you and everything you've worked for."

'She knows what I was about to do?' Safara was terrified. The mineral fused into her Spirit Container was Eruppa, an expensive material with calming properties.

She generally used it to keep her restaurant's atmosphere calm and pleasing, one of the reasons her customers continued to increase, especially ones with fat wallets. Eruppa calmed one's mind, allowing the body to relax.

In a tea setting, that was perfect when accompanied by aromatic incense. The effects were even better for a massage session, another popular venture she had opened recently.

But there was another reason Safara chose Eruppa. It can forcefully calm a target. If the target was in a battle state, they would find it difficult to gather their strength as their body continued to relax.

Hence, the majority of the time, she won a fight before it even started. Eruppa's effects were unleashed through an energy medium, hence it was hard to guard against.

The moment she noticed the intruder, Safara had unleashed Eruppa's effects in full swing. Moreover, hidden under the view of her clothes were her hands that transformed into a pinkish-yellow crystal. She had activated her Eruppa Avatar already.

But despite that, the entity behind her expressed no change, as if her ability was useless, "W-Who are you? And what do you want?"

"Pretty simple," The voice resounded calmly, "Tell me about this place."

"A-Are you from outside…" Safara asked, intending to casually turn around and sneak a glance at the intruder.

"I'm the one asking questions." The voice resounded. Safara was unable to move anymore. The bone hand pressing down on her shoulder suddenly grew in weight, rooting her to her seat, making her unable to even budge an inch.

'W-Who is this person?' Safara was going mad from terror. Her voice stammered as she began speaking in reflex, intending to survive, "This is Ellora Trade City in the Ganrimb Kingdom. There are 7 such cities, 19 towns, and 200 plus villages. There are approximately 90,000 people per city, 20,000 per town, and one to two thousand per village."

"Ganrimb…Ganrimb…Hmm," In his feminine form, Inala thought and asked, "What's its relation to the Brimgan Empire?"

"Our founder is an exiled Prince of the Brimgan Empire." Safara felt like she had become a statue as only her mouth moved, "His followers left the Brimgan Empire and established a Kingdom here 380 years ago."

'380 years ago…Then, judging by the Brimgan Empire's cultivation technique, this Prince should very well be alive. Since this place is connected to the Brimgan Empire, then things are simpler.' Inala was relieved as he asked, "How far is this place from the Brimgan Empire?"

"I'm not sure…aah!" Safara spoke when her Prana was siphoned once again, causing immense pain. Suddenly, the drawers nearby opened and a bunch of scrolls were pulled out. At the sight of them, her face paled in response, "P-Please, don't kill me."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 117 Mudropper
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inala didn't blindly target Safara. He first observed the type of customers that entered her restaurant. Most of them were high-profile people, ranging from bureaucrats to even nobility.

If the people frequenting her establishment were people of such calibre, then sensitive information ought to circulate there, especially since the restaurant also promised them other activities, from alcohol to casual gambling.

Safara's powers were also geared towards making her target relax. And if someone is relaxed, and starts downing alcohol and are having an enjoyable time, they are bound to blurt out a bunch of state secrets.

She was perfectly sneaky about everything, intending to use such secrets as leverage to strengthen her influence. Therefore, her customers didn't seem aware of it. Maybe they were aware and didn't seem to mind. That part wasn't exactly clear.

But Inala was able to judge that Safara knew more than her strength could handle. Hence, she was the perfect target to interrogate.

Secured in her office were a bunch of scrolls with sensitive information that she had collected over the years. By appearing as a teenage girl, he made Safara drop down her guard for a moment, using that opportunity to observe her body language.

It was how he determined where the scrolls were. It did save him some time, instead of needing to search through her entire office.

"P-Please don't kill me." Safara trembled in fear, 'If my possession of such information is made public, I will be killed.'

"Relax, I'm not interested in anything other than the information you have." Inala expressed annoyance, "Give me what I want and I'll leave."

In Sumatra Continent, it was tough to travel from one place to another. After all, even after reaching the peak of cultivation, travelling through dangerous Pranic Beast territories one after another was a death sentence.

Therefore, the most valuable of all were maps. To make a map took decades to centuries, leading to the loss of countless lives of explorers. Bit by bit, the information was accumulated over the years.

And in times of crisis, this information was used for the betterment of the Kingdom or Empire.

It seemed Safara had an ability similar to photographic memory, developed through her Eruppa Avatar. Through it, she gleaned information from the bureaucrats, bits and pieces, over the years and compiled them into a map of her own.

"I wanted to set up a mine in the future to harvest valuable minerals." Safara said, "Anyone that controls a mine becomes one of the wealthiest in the Kingdom. It was with this thought in mind did I splurge all my wealth to purchase Eruppa."

Her Eruppa Avatar only covered her hands, despite her earnest efforts to procure it. This mineral was just that expensive. After all, the more her Eruppa Avatar developed, the greater her lifespan became.

From the Mammoth Clan's perspective, that was the same as fusing with a beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast. Therefore, Safara was playing the long game here as she was guaranteed to live for a long time.

'It seems my judgement was correct this time.' Inala thought and opened the map, frowning in response immediately, 'Shit!'

The map wasn't detailed, but it listed prominent locations. He quickly looked through it and spotted a known location, 'There's Rathar Desert. I remember Sumatra Chronicles mentioning it being located 17,000 kilometres away from Dieng Canyon.'

The Rumtara Kingdom and the Brimgan Empire were also listed on the map. Rumtara Kingdom was located 22,000 kilometres North-East of Ganrimb Kingdom while Brimgan Empire was located 12,000 kilometres North.

Rathar Desert was 44,000 kilometres South-West to Ganrimb Kingdom. And 17,000 kilometres south from it was the edges of the Dieng Canyon.

The Dieng Canyon was a sprawling terrain, too large to comment about, spanning thousands of kilometres in size. Therefore, had they arrived at Rumtara Kingdom, they would have just been beyond the 100,000 KM range for the baby Gannala's voice to be heard by both the herd and the Boar King that were in the Dieng Canyon.

But by being in the Ganrimb Kingdom, they were well within the range for baby Gannala's cries to be heard. It was why Inala was cursing mentally, 'Once the giant Prana Bomb breaks tomorrow, her voice would be heard loud and clear. Even if I can create larger Prana Bombs over and over, it doesn't solve the root issue.'

'Baby Gannala cannot live inside the Prana Bomb for long. Her development would be hindered. Moreover, there's a limit to how much resources I can stuff inside a Prana Bomb, not to mention the maximum size I can make one.' He grunted, estimating, 'The most I should be able to buy is a few days' worth of time. If baby Gannala's growth accelerates, that time falls shorter.'

In short, the Boar King would be hot on his trails soon after. 'I need to do something about that first.'

Inala looked through the maps and all other scrolls Safara had collected, recording everything in a Bone Slip. He then knocked her out and left the establishment, stealing a bunch of items along the way, including her money.

Safara was filthy rich anyway. It wouldn't hurt her to lose a few days' worth of revenue. With that thought in mind, he made preparations for him and Asaeya to eventually settle in the Ganrimb Kingdom. They planned to stay there until they prepared enough to make the journey to the Brimgan Empire.

Traversing 12,000 kilometres through Pranic Beast territory was suicide. He first would have to determine a safe route and then accumulate enough strength and resources for the journey.

Since the Ganrimb Kingdom migrated 380 years ago, they were definitely in possession of a safe route that they had traversed through before. His goal up next was to find the route. 'But first, I need to make a plan towards the Boar King.'

Inala observed the wall for a few minutes. And once the coast was clear, he leaped out and sprinted towards the closest forest, having returned to his male form. By accessing the Bone Slip, he observed the map of the Ganrimb Kingdom, 'The reason this Kingdom could develop like an Empire is thanks to the actions of the Rockatrice and Carcass Snail's group. There are five of them in total. And one of them is the Mudropper that's said to have gone extinct eons ago.'

There was a large ring covering the territories of both the Ganrimb Kingdom and the Ravaged Tribes under the rule of a Silver Grade Pranic Beast each. This ring was special and had been created by the Mudropper, an Advance Silver Grade Pranic Beast, a special entity.

'Mudropper!' Inala's eyes shone with greed, 'If I can get my hands on its egg, I can get a Mammoth Clansman to fuse with it. It'll be a strategic power unlike anything.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 118 Prana Blood Skill
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inala didn't immediately rush to the Rooster Tribe settlement. Instead, he had something to check first, before nightfall approached.

The ring shown on the map spanned a radius of 500 kilometres. Towards its south was Ellora Trade City, the place he had just visited. Westward from it was the Rooster Tribe settlement.

He was currently running south in the direction closest to the ring. It was late in the evening when he arrived before the ring and stared at it in surprise.

Before him stood a curtain of darkness where light or sound didn't exist. It felt eerie, like the end of the world. Inala approached it and passed his hand through the curtain of darkness. There was no change.

Of course, the place didn't have any such effect. After a moment, he threw a piece of bone into the curtain of darkness, sensing it fall onto the ground before beginning to slowly sink into it. He waited patiently, watching it arrive at a halt eventually, 'I see, so the depth is only a hundred metres.'

Sandy-Grey Void!

That was the region before him. But, it wasn't the original Sandy-Grey Void that surrounded Sumatra Continent. No, this was a result of the Mudropper's ability.

Primary Nature—Sandy-Grey!

The Mudropper was capable of consuming the soil of a region before blasting it out with the properties of the Sandy-Grey Void. Eventually, once enough of this grey sand fills an area, all light in the covered region vanishes, absorbed by the grey sand.

The sound too faces the same plight, turning the region—with the grey sand—into one where light and sound didn't exist. Even if someone were to use a torch or a luminescent stone in the region, all produced light would be absorbed instantly, maintaining the darkness of the place.

That wasn't all. The sand too behaved like quicksand. So, anyone who dares set foot on it would begin sinking into it.

Of course, if that happened in the original Sandy-Grey Void, death was guaranteed. But here, that wasn't the case. The layer of the soil with the effects of the Sandy-Grey Void only extended to a depth of 100 metres. Below that was just the regular soil of the region.

Therefore, after sinking to a depth of a hundred metres, his Spirit Weapon arrived at a stop. If he wished, he could use the Spirit Weapon to drill through the regular ground and appear on his side.

Based on the map, the Sandy-Grey Void formed a circle with a radius of 500 kilometres. As a result, external Pranic Beasts avoided this region, creating a safe haven. That was primarily the reason for Ganrimb Kingdom's successful development.

It seemed the authorities were aware of what the Rockatrice and its group of Silver Grade Pranic Beasts were planning. But, they didn't do anything to stop it. Rather, they welcomed it.

After all, the actions of the Silver Grade Pranic Beast group created this region that was almost on par with an Enclave, as a result creating a safe haven for all sides to develop and prosper.

It was a tacit understanding between all involved parties.

The ring of Sandy-Grey Void was only a kilometre thick. Therefore, it wasn't impossible to leave it. All he had to do was drill a tunnel at a depth of 100 metres and safely move to the other side.

The reason he didn't think of moving through the Sandy-Grey Void was simple. As it had been a couple minutes since he threw the Spirit Weapon, the connection between the two was cut off.

The Sandy-Grey Void simply ended up consuming his Spirit Weapon. Moreover, before it did that, it erased all traces of his Prana signature on the Spirit Weapon. 'This will do.'

A plan formed in his mind as Inala turned around and rushed in the direction of his cave. Night set soon after as Slump Lizards streamed out of the river and flooded the region.

Thump!

Inala crashed hard into the ground, coughing out blood from his nose getting bashed by the impact. His Prana Hands grabbed the closest two Slump Lizards and drained them of all Prana.

But while they were targeting the Slump Lizards, a few more approached him, leaping on him. "Move!"

Inala condensed Internal Inertial Gravity in his hands and punched them, sending them flying away. But, he winced in pain as their carapace was hard and sharp, ending up pricking him. Even though he could punch them to their deaths with a single hit, his hand too got messed up in response.

Slump Lizards charged him one after another, causing him to fall to the ground every time he tried to get up. If not for having no other choice but to return before dawn, Inala would have wished to remain in the safety of the city during the night and only depart by morning.

But by then, the giant Prana Bomb would have shattered, causing baby Gannala's shouts to be transmitted. That would drastically reduce his preparation time. Hence his need to rush.

"Wait a second…" He frowned after falling for the hundredth time, muttering as he stared at his bloody self, "This isn't how a Zinger fights."

He recalled the way they fought at the Dieng Canyon, also drawing inspiration from Safara's Eruppa Avatar. He finally activated his trump card and condensed over a dozen Prana Bombs.

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Blood!

During his stay at the 44th Settlement, the 44th Empyrean Tusk bathed him with her blood daily. Applying that experience to his Mystic Skill Creator, Inala derived the Prana Blood Skill.

For every entity in Sumatra Continent, Prana flowed in their blood. Just as how the blood carried oxygen, Prana too existed as atomic particles carried by it.

That was how Prana was circulated throughout the body, as it was a component carried by the blood. Similarly, the Spirit Container was a cell within the heart. A single cell held a single unit of Prana.

As the heart was the first to react to any external stimuli, including the body's emotional response towards it, once it varied its heart rate accordingly, so were the Spirit Containers affected, for they were situated exactly there.

And if the stimuli were too much, straining the heart, these Spirit Containers shattered.

While the heart pumped the blood, the Spirit Container injected traces of Prana into it, causing the blood to carry the Prana. While the heart regulated the blood flow, the Spirit Container regulated the Prana Flow.

Inala's Prana Blood Skill fused the Spirit Container into the heart temporarily. Instead of two regulatory bodies, there was just one, causing large amounts of Prana to be pumped through the blood.

It was a process that strained one's body. After all, the Spirit Container was the body part most suited to house large quantities of Prana. The rest of the body wasn't suitable for that.

That was why, only a part of the Prana in the Spirit Container would be sent to circulate through the body through the blood. This implied that when the entity used a Skill or Primary Nature, they could only draw upon the Prana circulating in their blood.

The Prana Blood Skill overcame that limitation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 119 Making a Rocket?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the Prana in the blood is used up, the Spirit Container would inject more. It would take some time for the new blood carrying Prana to circulate throughout the body.

This meant there was a limit in the amount of Prana a cultivator or Pranic Beast could draw upon to activate their Primary Nature. They couldn't just use up all their Prana Reserves for one massive attack.

Prana Blood Skill achieved exactly that. By fusing the Spirit Container with the heart, it allowed all his Prana to circulate through his body. It was a dangerous ability.

If he maintained it for a long enough duration, his body would casually explode.

And even after deactivating the Skill, side effects would persist, turning him weak for a significant duration.

His Prana would become unresponsive for a short while and he would feel sluggish. Therefore, it was meant as a trump card to unleash an explosive burst of power.

Thump! Thump!

Intense pain reverberated throughout his body as Inala felt the strain having his 100 units of Prana circulate freely through his body at once. He immediately condensed a bunch of Prana Bombs and activated his Mystic Bone Art, morphing their shapes.

Like pieces of puzzles, the flattened Prana Bombs latched onto his body, spreading out like ink as they covered his body like skin armour. Save for the hands, everywhere else was covered by the Prana Bombs.

A Slump Lizard latched onto his leg, intending to bite his flesh off. But the moment it touched his leg armour, it shrieked in pain as its Prana was being absorbed. It wasn't alone as many of its brethren faced the same plight.

Two mounds formed on his chest armour as its overall form lost girth noticeably; Inala took on his female form. She aged by a couple of decades as two Life Bombs were created—ones birthing a queen.

A Life Bomb hovered before her hand each and merged to become armour there. She extended her hand and grabbed a Slump Lizard stuck to her leg armour, watching its shrieks worsen as its lifeforce was being absorbed now.

The effects of many Slump Lizard Primary Natures were unleashed on her, causing her to remain face flat on the ground. She simply refused to move. Only when she did would she fall victim to the effects of Grand Slump, the Primary Nature of a Slump Lizard.

The only action she did was extend her hand to grab hold of the unfortunate prey that had its Prana sucked by her armour. Through her hand armour, she absorbed their lifeforce and gradually regained her teenage figure.

A crowd of Slump Lizards had piled upon her by now, despite many of them simply falling victim to her abilities. Moreover, none of them were able to dent the armour, helpless. Their Primary Nature was their strongest offensive ability. And that was rendered useless on an immobile target that was already flat on the ground.

Primary Nature—Life Bomb (Queen)!

Like a bowling ball smashing through pins, Life Bombs flew around the hordes of Slump Lizards, absorbing their Prana and lifeforce en masse.

Every time Inala grew older after throwing out a Life Bomb, she extended her hand and grabbed a Slump Lizard stuck to her armour, absorbing its lifeforce. The moment she returned to her natural age, she chucked out another Life Bomb, repeating the process.

Thanks to the effects of the Prana Blood Skill, her absorption of both Prana and Lifeforce was at terrifying levels, causing at least one Slump Lizard to die every second.

And once filled to the brim, the Life Bombs flew away and slammed into the trunk of a tree, latching to it. Both Prana Bombs and Life Bombs could stick to any surface.

And unlike a Zinger's, the Prana Bombs and Life Bombs created by Inala could be controlled by her. Meaning, whether they stuck to a surface, whether they absorbed Prana, Lifeforce, or not, all could be controlled and alternated at her sole discretion.

That was the primary difference between a Zinger and an Empyrean Zinger, the pinnacle evolution attainable by the Zinger race.

The Life Bombs attached to the tree trunks steadily grew in number. Contrastingly, the number of Slump Lizards swarming Inala had only increased in response, forming a mound that reached a height of ten metres.

Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

The weight of their bodies was no longer anything to fret about as Inala calmly endured their attacks, accumulating at least a Life Bomb every minute.

For the next four hours, Inala simply accumulated Life Bombs. Upon seeing that she had reached her limit, she got up and swatted around while raising her body density to the limit, sending the heaps of Slump Lizard carcasses flying away.

Since there were so many carcasses of their brethren lying around, the Slump Lizards were no longer able to sense the presence of Inala once she hid within a ringed wall formed by their carcasses.

"Phew, this is bound to hurt!" Inala said and caused the armour covering her body to fall off, save for the hand armour. With a thought from her, the fingertips transformed into sharp claws.

Inala tore open her clothes, revealing her bare chest. Followed by a deep exhale, she cut open her chest carefully using the claws, feeling extreme amounts of pain. All she could do to persist was chomp through a Life Bomb and drink its lifeforce-rich juice.

Inala carefully ripped out her left lung, almost fainting from exhaustion in the process. The lifeforce from the Life Bomb rapidly began to regenerate another lung. Once that was done, she ripped out her right lung and fainted.

The two Empyrean Zinger Scouts kept watch beside her, leaping on her forehead as they used the Bone Slip ability to allow her to access their thoughts.

[Wake up!]

[Wakey! Wakey!]

A couple of minutes later, Inala woke up thanks to their efforts, gasping as she stared at her chest. The wounds had already closed up by now. Her lungs too had regenerated without issues. She only had to consume around ten Life Bombs for this.

Inala grabbed a hundred Life Bombs and fused them to the two lungs, creating a three-metre-long item resembling a rocket's lower half. It spanned a radius of twenty centimetres, sporting two nozzles. Each nozzle was a lung's vent.

Thanks to the copious amounts of lifeforce present in the 100 Life Bombs, the lungs would continue functioning for a while. 'As long as it works for a week, it's enough.'

But, that wasn't the end of her suffering as Inala captured a couple hundred Slump Lizards and knocked them out first. She then sat beside them and ripped out her digestive system, one organ after another, fusing them with a bunch of Life Bombs to add to the rocket.

Since her digestive system was being ripped out, she relied upon her hand armour to absorb lifeforce from the captured Slump Lizards, healing thanks to that.

An hour before dawn, she had completed the rocket, dead tired, feeling like shit having subjected herself to such torture, "At last, it's done."

She was utterly exhausted, but her eyes sported an excited glint, akin to a mad scientist, "Now, to activate it."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 120 Flying is Forbidden
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Reverting to his male form, Inala inserted a Prana Bomb—filled with Prana—in the rocket's mouth. The rocket's mouth was part of the Spirit Weapon made using his mouth. Therefore, it could crunch the Prana Bomb and cause the fluid within to spill out.

Its internals were pretty much made out of his digestive system. Hence, the fluid was soon transformed into Prana which was absorbed by the pair of lungs at the back.

Through the nozzle, the two lungs gradually began sucking in the air once Inala activated Internal Inertial Gravity throughout the rocket, concentrating their effects within the lungs.

As Prana continued to surge in the lungs, coupled with Internal Inertial Gravity, space began to expand within, causing more and more air to be absorbed and compressed inside. While this was happening, Inala poured all the filled Prana Bombs and Life Bombs into a giant Prana Bomb.

The rocket was mounted on its back, with its mouth within the giant Prana Bomb, allowing Inala to insert Prana Bombs—into its mouth to fuel it—while seated inside.

Attached to the bottom of the Prana Bomb were a pair of wheels, affixed to a simple suspension system. Trailing from the sides were aeroplane wings. Flaps, rudders, and ailerons were fitted in their respective locations.

All of them were Spirit Weapons, allowing Inala to control them individually.

He took a seat and waited patiently in the cockpit. A couple of straggler Slump Lizards attacked the object, but as it was created using Prana Bombs, contact only caused its Prana to be absorbed.

It took ten minutes for air to be compressed to the limit within the lungs. Inala braced himself and activated it, "Here goes nothing!"

Boom!

A powerful thrust of air was unleashed through the two nozzles, causing the vehicle to shoot forth, lifting off in a matter of seconds. Thanks to the effects of Internal Inertial Gravity, Inala didn't even feel the inertial vectors from the launch speed.

"It took off!" He shouted, having turned the portion of the giant Prana Bomb before him translucent, able to see outside now. The Slump Lizards retreated in fear at this mysterious creature, watching it take flight, an unprecedented case in Sumatra.

Unfortunately for Inala, he had been in the air for less than a dozen seconds when suddenly, the wings attached to the giant Prana Egg vanished.

No, they didn't shatter from friction. They didn't fall off due to the Primary Nature of the Slump Lizards. No, it was something grander, and eerie. The wings simply vanished, as if they never existed there in the first place.

The vehicle slammed into the ground and sustained damage in the process. But its insides were unharmed thanks to Internal Inertial Gravity.

Inala rushed out in a hurry and stared at the location where the wings ought to have existed, "What the…"

The location where the wings were attached to the giant Prana Bomb was smooth. Inala frowned, but as he didn't have the time to search his surroundings, he hunted some Slump Lizards and refined their bones into a pair of aeroplane wings once again.

Ten minutes later, the lungs were filled with compressed air. This time, Inala focused on the wings as the vehicle took flight once again, placing all his attention on it. He regretted it immediately after.

A mysterious eye, ethereal in nature, reddish, scaly in appearance, jotted with a million irises. It appeared next to the wings and stared at it.

Cause and effect seemed to have been changed. In an instant, the pair of wings vanished, as if they never existed in the first place. The mysterious eye vanished as the vehicle slammed into the ground.

Inala rushed out and sprinted to the previous crater where the vehicle had first crashed, shocked to see a bunch of Slump Lizard carcasses lying around, "Fuck!"

These Slump Lizard carcasses were supposed to have been strewn around with pieces of their flesh mashed up. After all, their bones were taken out and used by Inala to make the wings.

But now, when he approached a carcass and touched it, he felt the skeleton inside, 'The wings reverted to their original forms, location, and structure. It's as if I never refined them into the aircraft wings in the first place.'

Since it had happened twice, he would be an idiot if he still failed to understand what was happening. Recalling Sumatra Chronicles, he muttered, "It's not that no Pranic Beast can fly in Sumatra. Since they are constantly evolving, they ought to have evolved in the direction that allowed them to fly. Since that means they would become the race that dominates the skies."

Flying was forbidden!

That was an absolute rule placed on the world, possibly by some omniscient entity with the power to alter cause and effect. Therefore, the moment a Pranic Beast evolves to gain a pair of wings or obtains a Nature granting flight, cause and effect would change, reversing their gains.

Thereby, flight becomes impossible. In his case, he was only using his basic abilities to create a thrust. The only item granting flight was the pair of aircraft wings. Hence, they were erased through cause and effect.

Thereby, the bones used in refining the wings returned to the carcass of their original owners, forming their skeleton, even though the Slump Lizards were dead.

That was a valuable lesson for Inala. Had he tried something like that on his own, he himself would have been erased through this mysterious power.

'Wait, how did nothing happen when the 43rd Empyrean Tusk shot us into the sky?' He recalled the moment when he was shot into the sky—within the giant Prana Bomb—by the 43rd Empyrean Tusk.

When the Boar King rushed at him, he caused aircraft wings to appear on the giant Prana Bomb and used it to change his direction of flight. But nothing happened back then, 'So why now?'

He stared at the air slowly flowing out of the nozzle as the space within vanished, realising what was up. "When the 43rd Empyrean Tusk shot us into the air, from the moment we left its trunk, we had begun decelerating. Therefore, that case was merely a projectile shot out with tremendous force. That wasn't pure flight."

He then stared at the nozzle, "But now, when I was in the air, I was constantly accelerating thanks to the thrust. And with the wings controlling the stability, that was proper flight. Hence, the wings were erased."

"But," He frowned and stared at the nozzle, "Aren't they the source of the thrust? Why weren't they removed? Instead, only the wings were targeted."

He thought for a while and eventually figured it out, "I see. It's complicated."

"But I understand it now." Inala grinned, "I can use this against my enemies."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 121 Luring the Boar King (Part 1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The thrust unleashed by the pair of lungs forming the rocket was pretty much a forceful expulsion of air. All Empyrean Tusks did the same using their trunks. It wasn't anything special.

If Inala repeated the same now, the vehicle would only move on the ground. There didn't seem a restriction on the technology itself, at least one applied through Natures—as Inala had done here.

Maybe there was a restriction on technology created solely from scratch that didn't conform to the power system of Sumatra. It would be wise to be careful in that regard.

Since the only variable that turned the ground-bound vehicle into an aircraft was the pair of wings, only that was erased through cause and effect. Even when Inala flew a second time, only the wings were targeted.

Of course, since the source of that mysterious cause and effect wasn't a power but an entity, Inala didn't dare repeat the experiment another time. What if that entity were to become pissed at him and decides to erase him too?

He didn't wish to go out like that. Hence, Inala restrained himself. Moreover, he made a mental note to never use this thrust option while he finishes developing his Empyrean Zinger body in the future.

The moment his figure accelerates in the sky, he might be erased. And even if he intended to use the thrusters, it should only be for an instant to give him a burst in momentum. Since his figure would immediately begin decelerating, no matter how minimal the deceleration value was, he would only be considered a projectile that had been shot in the air.

That was the way to avoid being erased by this mysterious entity that forbade flight.

After feeding the rocket a bunch of filled Prana Bombs, Inala refined the front of the giant Prana Bomb into a wedge shape. Ten minutes later, once the lungs were full, he got inside the vehicle and activated them, causing them to unleash a powerful thrust.

The vehicle shot forth on the ground, almost flipping upward due to the vehicle's aerodynamics. He hurriedly raised the vehicle's density, causing it to stably remain on the ground, maintaining enough traction.

The wedge severed through the horde of Slump Lizards as it sped forward. Moreover, their Primary Nature kept the vehicle grounded. Otherwise, with the powerful thrust being unleashed at the back, the vehicle would have been flying around all over the place like a deflating balloon.

The journey that had taken him hours was traversed within thirty minutes. The vehicle crashed into the walls surrounding the Rooster Tribe's settlement and came to an abrupt halt.

Inala got out and noticed the sky beginning to brighten. He quickly scaled up the wall and approached his cave, watching the giant Prana Bomb filled with cracks. Had he been a few minutes late, things would have turned troublesome.

Inala pulled the giant Prana Bomb out of the cave and enclosed it with the biggest Prana Bomb he could create, one spanning a radius of ten metres. He dumped all the Prana Bombs and Life Bombs—that he had accumulated until now—into it.

Asaeya was relieved at his arrival. She was then stunned by the truckload of Life Bombs, wondering what Inala had done to accumulate such a staggering number. Mixed among the pile was a Bone Slip as Asaeya accessed it, hearing Inala's thoughts.

[There are enough resources to probably last you a week even if baby Gannala consumes more than usual. Stay here and take care of her. We are within range. So, I'm scheming to outwit the Boar King. I have a solid plan, so don't worry. In the meantime, look through the Bone Slip and formulate a plan for our stay at Ellora Trade City.]

All the information he had collected from Ellora City, including the maps was left to Asaeya. Even though he had recorded everything in the Bone Slip, Inala didn't have time to understand the information and make plans accordingly.

Hence, he left it to her. 'She's smarter than me in such things.'

It was more efficient to play to their strengths. Inala was pretty good at scheming. But, he drew a blank in terms of economics and politics. Therefore, it was best to leave it to his disciple who excelled at such things.

The biggest Prana Bomb remained stuck to the mountain slope as there wasn't enough time to dig a cave large enough for it. Besides, that was unnecessary and would only hinder his plan.

"I'll outwit you perfectly, Boar King," Inala muttered, focused as he entered the cave and used three Spirit Weapons to drill through the cave. Once he drilled to the limit of his range, he dropped his three Empyrean Zinger Scouts in them, one per hole.

The scouts refined a Spirit Weapon of their own and continued the drilling process, proceeding through a route that he had informed them. They could communicate through the Zinger tongue, so it was easy to transmit vast streams of information through a shout.

While they drilled a hole, Inala collected the dust in a large container and transported it away. He dumped the contents in the river, making repeated trips.

By afternoon, he was unable to move anymore, suffering from the side effects of using the Prana Blood Skill. He had used it for four hours in total. And until now, he forcefully prolonged its side effects.

"Grrr!" He rolled on the ground in pain, but when the Empyrean Zinger Scouts approached him in worry, he growled and told them to continue with their work.

It was midnight by the time he recovered a little. Originally, he required a few days at the very least to fully recover, but due to the lack of time, he activated the Prana Blood Skill once again, using it to amass a large quantity of Prana Bombs and Life Bombs.

Using the vehicle, he made repeated trips to the border to select the most optimal location. Upon return, he harvested Prana, and Lifeforce from the Slump Lizards.

Using the shells of his Prana and Life Bombs, he created a thick layer in the cave. Following that, he sneaked into Ellora City, stole some more money from Safara and used it to purchase paint. Using that, he painted the cave, taking a lot of time until the finish was natural.

Now, despite the surface being bone, its colour and texture were no different from the natural cave before. The three tunnels were narrow, only spanning a width of two centimetres. They travelled all the way underground, below the mountain, stopping only at a depth of 400 metres from the surface.

From their starting point in the cave, the tunnels spanned a height of a kilometre. And at their bottom, Inala left a Life Bomb each.

Following that, he poured the fluids of a Life Bomb throughout the tunnel until they were filled. With that, their entrance was closed up. The fluid was in direct contact with the bone floor of the cave, acting like an electrical wire for Prana and Lifeforce transfer.

A week had passed by now as Inala approached the biggest Prana Bomb, making eye contact with Asaeya who motioned that baby Gannala was asleep. He touched the biggest Prana Bomb and watched it crack before shattering.

It was time to lure the Boar King into the trap.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 122 Luring the Boar King (Part 2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Steady," Inala said as he carefully took baby Gannala from Asaeya. She was exhausted, having had to constantly take care of baby Gannala's needs.

The baby was an Empyrean Tusk, despite her human appearance. As a result, her appetite was voracious. Of course, her waste products were equally terrifying.

Once Asaeya walked out of the biggest Prana Bomb through the entrance that had been cracked, Inala shut the entrance, intending to later dump it in the river. All the Prana Bombs and Life Bombs preserved in it had already been consumed.

Holding the baby Gannala, he observed her, sighing upon sensing an instinct envelop him, making him feel warmth towards her. 'Haah!'

He sighed once and then took out a vial from his pocket. That was something he created after purchasing the necessary ingredients from Ellora City. It was a sleep-inducing agent.

Inala made the baby Gannala inhale it, putting her in a state of deep sleep. He then took out a syringe that he had personally refined, using it to extract her blood, little by little.

While doing so, he also fed her the fluid in a Life Bomb, replenishing her lost blood without harming her baby body.

Once he had collected enough blood, he returned her to Asaeya, "Alert me if she's about to wake up."

"Okay," Asaeya said and stared at Inala, worried. His current condition wasn't in the least optimal.

Reddish eyes, dark circles reaching his cheeks, blood dripping out of his orifices, and an overall weak presence, as if he was on the verge of death. Inala was in a sickly state, having pushed himself repeatedly to use the Blood Prana Skill without healing from its side effects.

"You should rest." Asaeya expressed her worry. "At this rate, you'll die."

"I won't die," Inala said, serious, "I have no plans on dying so soon. So, you needn't worry."

"I know my limits."

"If you say so," Even though Asaeya acted convinced, she was worried about his condition. 'I can't do anything to him.'

She was strong, yes. But outside battles, she was of no help to him. 'No, I should make myself more useful.'

"It's fine. I'm almost done anyway." It seemed Inala was aware of her thoughts based on her body language as he consoled her.

After consuming the contents of four Life Bombs, he waited a couple of minutes before chopping off his legs.

"Inala!" Asaeya shouted in a fluster.

"Quiet," Inala said, not even flinching at the pain. Or rather, he was numb. Not numb to pain, but in his severely exhausted state, his brain couldn't even process the pain. "Don't do anything that'll wake baby Gannala."

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

He refined his legs to a form that was an exact replica of baby Gannala. He then created a Life Bomb and made it gently touch baby Gannala, retracting it a second later.

Present in it was a tinge of her lifeforce and Prana. Inala shrunk the Life Bomb and placed it in the location where the heart ought to exist. He then began to insert various organs into the puppet, all extracted from his body after he turned himself young to the limit after becoming a female.

Baby Gannala's blood, lifeforce, and Prana; since she was his daughter, once he turned himself into a woman and used his organs to create the puppet's body, the end result was a puppet with baby Gannala's presence.

For the final act, he took baby Gannala and erected a Prana Bomb around them. He waited patiently until the effects of the sleep-inducing agent wore off, watching baby Gannala wake up.

"Gua!" She let out a smile and stared at him, excited, "Dada!"

"Dada!"

"I'm sorry," Inala felt his heart lurch upon seeing the baby's excitement at his presence. He pinched her sensitive thigh, watching baby Gannala cry in pain. Seeing her crying expression felt like his heart was being slammed repeatedly by a hammer. "Sorry!"

"Don't dry, don't cry. There, there!" A minute later, he began to console her, not even realising since when, but tears were streaming out of his eyes too. He had yet to come to terms with her existence. But things were forcing his hand, burdening his emotional state even further.

It took him close to an hour before he managed to console baby Gannala. Upon noticing that she was hungry, he fed her the fluid from a lifeforce-rich Life Bomb. After having her fill, baby Gannala fell asleep.

Since she was regularly consuming lifeforce-rich fluid, her development was pretty much the strongest among all Empyrean Tusks. Any defects she might have gained after being birthed by a lacking human were all taken care of by the rich lifeforce she constantly consumed.

In terms of Empyrean Tusks, she was the healthiest. Inala stared at her sleeping face in a daze for a couple of hours, his mind a mess. In the end, he shattered the Prana Bomb and walked out, giving her back to Asaeya. "I need a bit of your blood now."

"Take as much as you need," Asaeya said and used her Prana to grab hold of one of Inala's prepared syringes and extracted her blood.

"That's enough." Inala created a puppet of her next. He had already created his own puppet.

After placing the three puppets in the cave, he took out a part from his pocket. It was his throat—from his female form—that he had extracted and refined. Using the Bone Slip Skill in conjunction with Mystic Skill Creator, he recorded baby Gannala's crying voice in it.

And now, he inserted it into the puppet resembling baby Gannala, watching a realistic result. "It's done."

Taking in a deep breath, he activated the three puppets. Immediately in response, the heads of the Inala puppet and Asaeya puppet flew off and slammed into the cave walls, coming to a stop as blood leaked out of their bodies.

The blood splattered throughout the cave. And in response, the baby Gannala puppet opened its mouth and unleashed its cries.

"Uwaa!"

"Uwa!"

Hearing the voice, Inala felt his heart lurch, sighing in relief, "It's working."

Immediately in response, his Internal Inertial Gravity flared up, feeling a mild sense of fear. That was a sign of the Boar King rushing in his direction.

Inala closed his eyes and felt the rate at which the source of fear drew near, 'He's at least twenty times slower than before. It seems I failed to lure him properly. As a result, he fought the herd. I hope damage has been kept to a minimum.'

After observing for an hour in a meditative state, Inala's eyes shot open as he muttered, "He'll arrive in four days."

"Do we wait until then?" Asaeya asked.

"Nope, we're fleeing immediately." Inala got up, ready to act.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 123 Luring the Boar King (Part 3)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inala used the severed feet of a Slump Lizard and made bloody footprints throughout the cave, using the blood leaking out from the Inala puppet and Asaeya puppet. This way, it seemed as if a group of Slump Lizards had ambushed the group and left after killing them.

He didn't forget to add bite marks throughout the bodies of the three puppets. But for the Inala and Asaeya puppets, there were patches of the body bitten off using the jaws of the Slump Lizards, displaying resistance from the ambushed.

And to make it seem as if both the fighting parties took out each other, he piled dozens of Slump Lizard carcasses at the cave entrance.

With that gone, he carried the biggest Prana Bomb and dumped it in the river, watching it vanish in the depths of the darkness. With a thought from him, the Prana Bomb crumbled, causing its contents to blast out.

The river water turned turbulent, as even the shit produced by an Empyrean Tusk was medicinal for the average Pranic Beast.

In a matter of minutes, everything was consumed, leaving behind no traces. Following that, Inala boarded a large vehicle that he had successfully finished constructing in the past week. The design was more stable, and refined over his many trips to the border.

Spanning a length of thirty metres and a height of twenty metres, it was a vehicle created by the fusion of four of his biggest Prana Bombs. Moreover, he had refined more layers of Prana Bomb shells on it for added security, ensuring it would remain sturdy long enough in the Sandy-Grey Void.

There were four quarters in total inside. Prana Bomb, Life Bomb, water, and living quarters, for a total of four. Even adding baby Gannala's consumption, there were enough resources to sustain them for six months.

At the front were the living quarters where Inala took his seat. Asaeya slumped on a berth that he had purchased from Ellora City, carrying baby Gannala. She was amazed by what he had created, looking around with widened eyes.

Inala had purchased a lot of clothes, toys, medicines, etc. from Ellora City, all to ensure baby Gannala could develop healthily.

"How…?" Asaeya asked but was met with no reply.

While panting in exhaustion, his eyes drooped in tiredness as Inala fed a Prana Bomb into the rocket's mouth, sensing the two lungs suck in air. Ten minutes later, once they were fully charged, he made them expunge the air, slowly this time.

The vehicle moved at a controllable speed, as they had sufficient time in their hands. At around thirty kilometres an hour, it moved through the forest region, treading through a path Inala had already mapped out.

Due to the vehicle's weight, deep tracks formed on the ground. But that wasn't a concern, as by the next morning, once the Slump Lizards begin to retreat, they'll erase all unusual traces, including the tyre tracks.

Inala had already confirmed it. The Slump Lizards were his biggest collaborators, even if they were unaware of their role. It was through their help that he was able to perfectly mask his escape.

Soon, they arrived at the border and entered it.

The Sandy-Grey Void created by the Mudropper was a kilometre wide and reached a depth of a hundred metres. As the vehicle entered the region, it began to sink in through the sand, stopping at a depth of eighty metres.

He had shaped the underside of the vehicle in such a way that the grey sand couldn't easily move around it. Hence, enough of the sand was stuck inside to ensure the vehicle didn't sink all the way to the bottom.

If it reached the bottom and caused part of its surface to face the regular soil, there was a chance the Boar King could pick up traces. If he had Natures geared toward detection, that was possible. Hence, Inala had to make such an elaborate setup.

A couple of minutes later, all traces of the vehicle's presence vanished in the Sandy-Grey Void, making it seem as if such a vehicle hadn't entered the region in the first place.

While the Sandy-Grey Void was gradually beginning to digest the vehicle, Inala seeped his Prana into it from time to time and resisted the assimilation. This was the method used by the original Empyrean Tusk herd when they planned to leave Sumatra Continent.

After understanding a small part of the memories inherited from the previous Gannala, Inala perfected his plan, allowing him to stay cooped up in the Sandy-Grey Void for six months.

Thankfully, the potency of this Sandy-Grey Void was vastly weaker as compared to the original. Its effects were a tad weaker than even the safe routes determined in the real Sandy-Grey Void. It was why he could sustain himself for six whole months.

Such plans wouldn't even last a couple of days through the real Sandy-Grey Void that bordered Sumatra Continent.

'Now, I have six months to fully comprehend the sea of memories I inherited from the previous Gannala.' Thinking as such, Inala relaxed, for they were finally in a safe place. The moment he did so, he dropped to the floor, unconscious.

"Inala!" Asaeya rushed to his rescue and placed him on a berth, assisting his recovery.

…

"Uwaa!"

"Uwa!"

Seated in a cave within a random mountain in the Dieng Canyon was the Boar King. Strewn on the floor next to him were some Pranic Beasts, unable to move due to the presence he unleashed.

He usually feasted upon them alive to aid in his cultivation. After facing the Empyrean Tusk herd, he died twice, dropping to the 1-Life Stage. To exact his revenge, he promptly returned to recuperate and build up strength.

But upon hearing a newborn Empyrean Tusk's cries, he jolted awake, continuing to hear the sounds for a minute, getting up once the cries stopped, "That's the newborn Gannala's voice."

"Since the previous Gannala died before I could kill her, I'll be sure to kill her successor." He was aware that the inheritance ceremony was completed. For a moment, he wondered if it was a trap, considering how Inala escaped his grasp the previous time.

"So what if it's a trap," He grinned, "I have nothing to lose and everything to gain if I find her."

He leaped out of the cave and landed on the ravine, gaining in size as he took on his Pranic Beast form.

Mystic Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Boar King!

Upon his transformation, an overbearing presence spread in his surroundings, causing the Zingers to faint in response. As the bodies of the Zingers rained down from the skies, the Empyrean Boar King rushed through the ravine, making a beeline in the direction of the voice he heard.

He sensed the Empyrean Tusk herd far away, still in the Dieng Canyon, 'They are stirring up because of the cries too.'

'But, they don't have my endurance. They can't keep up pace for more than a few hours before expending their reserves.' With such a thought in mind, the Empyrean Boar King accelerated, burning up Prana to transform into a blur, and swiftly left the Dieng Canyon, 'But high-speed endurance is my thing. Even in my weakened state, I should be able to reach in four days.'

"I'll kill you, Gannala!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 124 The Man That Boned Your Ass Once
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Once every few hours, he picked up baby Gannala's voice. Based on the tone of the cry, it was a show of pain, worrying the Boar King, 'No! I should be the one to kill her! Not any of the other trash!'

He picked up pace, rushing through faster. From time to time, the Empyrean Boar King would gobble some Pranic Beasts, replenishing Prana in such a fashion.

The targeted Pranic Beasts didn't even know what hit them. One moment they were in their territories. The other moment, they were being digested in the body of the sole Mystic Grade Pranic Beast of Sumatra Continent.

It was so fast the targets barely registered a blur before they were killed.

As long as his Prana was being replenished, the Empyrean Boar King could continue his high-speed sprint, reaching speeds up to 800 kilometres per hour, his optimal pace.

Had this been before when he was at the 3-Life Stage, he would have casually broken through the sound barrier and travelled at hypersonic speeds.

Nonstop, the Empyrean Boar King sprinted, eventually hitting his limit after almost four days. He took an hour's rest and sprinted once again, arriving at an abrupt halt soon after upon noticing the Sandy-Grey Void.

"Is this a trap to lure me to the Sandy-Grey Void?" Reverting to his human form, the Boar King frowned in thought before feeling that something was amiss, "Wait, this Sandy-Grey Void doesn't seem treacherous enough as in my memories."

Intending to solve his doubts, he circled around the Sandy-Grey Void, soon noticing that it formed a circle with a radius of 500 kilometres. "This isn't an enclave. So, there should be no reason for the Sandy-Grey Void to be here, unless…"

He muttered in surprise, "A Mudropper is still alive?"

The Boar King crouched low and activated a bunch of Natures gained from Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, abilities he casually used around. With that, he leapt forth into the Sandy-Grey Void, landing on the other side, muttering in excitement, "It's only a kilometre wide. As I thought, it's a Mudropper."

He was indeed curious about the Mudropper, but that wasn't a priority. The Boar King rushed in the direction of the voice he heard last, which was around six hours ago, soon reaching the mountain walls surrounding the Rooster Tribe's settlement.

Followed by a leap, the Boar King entered the cave, casually swatting around the pile of Slump Lizard carcasses. Before he even landed on the floor, he observed the corpses of Inala and Asaeya there, recalling from memory, 'They were the ones with the newborn Gannala back then.'

A glance at the scene and he could picture what had happened, 'Judging by their direction of flight back then, they would have landed in this region. It seems they had taken refuge in this cave. But unfortunately for them, the Slump Lizards ambushed their weary selves.'

The blunt injury on the heads of Inala and Asaeya indicated that they had slammed their heads into the ground, obviously due to the Primary Nature of Slump Lizards. The sneak attack weakened them. Following that, when the two sides fought, they took each other out.

The Boar King concluded right before his feet touched down on the cave floor. He landed at the entrance, sensing some lifeforce in baby Gannala, excited, 'She's alive! Now, I can kill her!'

He couldn't even become fully excited as the moment his feet came in contact with the cave's floor, copious amounts of his Prana and Lifeforce were absorbed in an instant.

"Tch!" The Boar King clicked his tongue and lifted his legs one after another, ripping out patches of the bone floor stuck to his legs. With a twist of his toes, the bone plates crumbled. He then planted his feet on the actual cave floor, frowning. 'What is this?'

He leaped lightly and landed before baby Gannala, feeling his Prana and Lifeforce be absorbed once again, at a rate many times stronger than before, 'A trap?'

With a flex of his toes, he shattered the bone floor there too, stopping the suction of his Prana and Lifeforce. It didn't matter if he lost a bit of it, as long as he could kill baby Gannala. He glanced at Inala and Asaeya's corpse, "Did they set this trap before they died?"

"How futile,"

He extended his hand and touched baby Gannala, "Now, finally, you're mine to kill…GAHH!"

This time, he actually grunted in pain, for the rate at which his Prana and Lifeforce were being stolen was the fastest.

The Boar King picked up baby Gannala and threw her towards his mouth. His mouth enlarged into a boar's and gobbled her body, swallowing it after a couple of crunches. But a second later, he growled in anger, "It's fake!"

Since he didn't gain her Primary Nature, it meant what he swallowed a merely a fake meant to mimic the original. Now that he had removed the baby Gannala puppet from the picture, he stared at the small platform on which she had been placed upon.

It was a stone slab and carved on it was the following sentence.

[Yo, Brangara! Did you like my surprise? I'm sure the trap I set barely tickled you, but still, the fact that you're reading this means you've obviously fallen prey to my trap. Fret not, my friend. As I grow stronger, I'll set stronger traps for you. I know you wish to kill Gannala. So, I'll keep luring you to my traps. Let's see how long you'll give chase. Yours truly…]

[The Man That Boned Your Ass Once!]

"Bastard!" The Boar King stomped his leg in anger and destroyed the cave, causing part of the mountain to collapse in response.

"Wait, he called me by my name and not my title as the Boar King. How did he come to know that?" Only a moment later did he realise in startlement, looking around in fluster to see that he had reduced everything to rubble, "There was evidence here!"

Had he researched the puppets, he might have gotten a clue about Inala's abilities. But hearing the last line simply angered him to the extreme. He was a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, the pinnacle lifeform. The fact that a measly weakling dared to insult him triggered him unlike anything.

As a result, he raged, ending up destroying the cave and part of the mountain by mistake. His actions buried everything Inala had set up.

He learnt nothing and instead accumulated anger, having been outwitted by the trap setter. "Bastard, I'll remember your ugly mug! I'll be going after you next!"

"Kya!"

"What happened?"

"Part of the walls just collapsed!"

At first, the Boar King didn't care about them. As he couldn't sense or detect any traces of baby Gannala, he intended to return to the Dieng Canyon and cultivate. He felt the Mammoth Clan too was in this plan.

After all, by distracting the Boar King with baby Gannala's voice, he would always be on the move and hence wouldn't have time to build up his strength. That gave them valuable time to rest and recover their expended strength.

And now that the two herds merged into one, they had enough strength to combat his weakened self directly and kill him.

Hence, the Boar King intended to return. But suddenly, the voices of the people turned strange, filled with chirps and screeches. Wondering what was up, the Boar King peered out and noticed the Rooster Tribe, "A Ravaged Tribe?"

His eyes suddenly glinted in enlightenment upon staring at their transformation as the Boar King muttered, "There's a way to counter their traps."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 125 Blessed Race of Sumatra
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Chief, we captured the culprit that was responsible for the mass slaughter of our Clansmen." A group of masters said and knocked on the door leading into the study of the Mammoth Clansman who was in charge of the entire Mammoth Clan.

They had created a temporary settlement on the peak of a mountain—nearby the Varahan Enclave's entrance—after levelling its top, creating a place for Mammoth Clansmen from different settlements to mingle freely.

Carrying a bound Brangara and standing before the largest building was the group of masters that had captured him.

"The culprit was an Empyrean Boar?" A surprised voice resounded from inside as the doors opened.

Just as the leader of the group intended to bring in Brangara, his body failed to budge. Despite urging himself to move, he couldn't. There was no formidable pressure exerted on him, no Nature had been activated, etc.

But even with nothing being used on him, he couldn't move. No amount of struggle could make him even budge the slightest, not to mention bat an eye. Just as he was feeling suffocated due to being unable to breathe, a voice resounded, following which he could move once again.

"Sir Renduldu, please don't play around with a kid of my Clan." The Chief of the Mammoth Clan had spoken.

Once the master was able to breathe, he gasped for air and stared into the room, only now spotting a second entity in the room, seated opposite the Mammoth Clan Chief.

This entity had a humanoid body but sported an octopus head. The tentacles were faintly ethereal while a strange form of ink circulated over his body, like clouds moving through the world. They appeared and disappeared.

A glance at it and the master felt as if he had aged by a hundred years, terrified in response.

At the Mammoth Clan Chief's words, the octopus-headed entity, Renduldu laughed, "I was just joking, Undrakha. Don't mind me. I simply wanted to test the strength of an average master of your Clan."

"Surely you have better things to do…" The Mammoth Clan Chief, Undrakha sighed.

"I don't," Renduldu said without hesitation. He then stared at the group of masters and waved his hand, "We're talking here. So, run along, kids."

The group of masters stared at the Undrakha in response, scurrying away when their Chief told them to leave.

"They are pretty obedient to you," Renduldu commented. He then snapped his finger, causing Brangara's figure to appear next to them, "This kid is pretty gifted, I must say."

"An Empyrean Boar that hasn't lost its mind. That's a first." Undrakha muttered as he calmly inched his hand forward and touched Brangara's forehead, seeping in his Prana as he muttered amidst Brangara's pained cries, "Tertiary Nature of Cultivator. By gaining this after eating my Mammoth Clansmen, he can now cultivate like humans."

He stared at Renduldu solemnly, whispering, "That's similar to you. He's exhibiting the characteristics of a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast."

"For now," Renduldu didn't seem bothered by it, "But the moment he absorbs enough Primary Natures, he'll fall victim to his race's curse. There's nothing avoiding that."

"But, isn't it dangerous?" Undrakha frowned, "He might be the first among many. Isn't your race the only one blessed by Sumatra Continent to attain the Mystic Grade?"

"That is the case," Renduldu nodded.

Mystic Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Tentacle!

Empyrean Tentacles were called the Blessed Race of Sumatra Continent. There existed only four individuals in this race. And if one of them dies, they would naturally be reborn, just as how a Parute Tree begins growing for no reason at all.

The four Empyrean Tentacles were split between the four Grades of Iron, Silver, Gold, and Mystic.

Iron Empyrean Tentacle, Silver Empyrean Tentacle, and Gold Empyrean Tentacle; These three lived at random locations on Sumatra Continent.

And when one of them devours the remaining two, it evolves into the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle. It was that simple for this rate to attain the Mystic Grade status.

Once the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle reaches the pinnacle of cultivation and attains Transcendence, it would ascend to a higher plane, leaving Sumatra Continent.

Immediately after that, Iron, Silver, and Gold Empyrean Tentacles are randomly spawned on Sumatra Continent. Throughout history, a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast had only emerged from the Empyrean Tentacle race. There had been no exceptions.

Hence, they came to be called the Blessed Race of Sumatra.

"You know," Renduldu spoke in nostalgia, "When I was an Iron Empyrean Tentacle, I barely had any strength to fend for myself. When I was on the brink of death, your Mammoth Clan Ancestor saved me. For the next couple of centuries, she raised me as her pet, then a teacher, and eventually a friend, teaching me plenty of things."

"I eventually accumulated enough strength and experience to hunt the Silver Empyrean Tentacle. Eventually, I got the Gold Empyrean Tentacle too, becoming the first among my race where an Iron Empyrean Tentacle attained the Mystic Grade." Renduldu sighed.

"I know that already." Undrakha tilted his head in confusion, "Why are you telling it again?"

"Just because," Renduldu's eyes glimmered faintly as he stared blankly into space.

Following that, he recovered and spoke, "We're only called the Blessed Race of Sumatra because we figured our path to attain the Mystic Grade and perfected it. Why do you think other races cannot do the same?"

He stared at Undrakha, "Aren't you trying to forge a path too?"

"You're right," Undrakha nodded, "As the possibility didn't seem to exist in Sumatra, we are preparing to head into another continent."

"Why look elsewhere when there's a possibility right before you?" Renduldu smirked and pointed at Brangara, "If you use him, the Empyrean Tusks will be able to attain the final step necessary to enter Mystic Grade."

"Are you seeing it through your ability?" Undrakha asked in excitement.

"It's not clear to be frank." Renduldu said, "Only after attaining Transcendence can I see it clearly. But if I were to enter the Transcendence Stage, I would have no other choice but to ascend."

"Even if I were to make the necessary preparations up there and use the channel built by my race's Transcendents, it would take me a couple millennia to return."

"So, it'll take at least two millennia before you can help us directly." Undrakha nodded and stared at Brangara, "Well, I can think of a way to use him."

"How?" Renduldu asked in excitement as his eyes glinted.

"I'm sure you're able to see it already." Undrakha laughed, "We Mammoth Clansmen are experts at digesting things, you see."

"Interesting," Renduldu grinned and calmly patted Brangara, "Resign yourself to your fate, young brat."

Brangara wasn't even able to bat an eyelid, staring blankly like a sculpture because of whatever Renduldu had done to him. All he could do was passively hear the conversation, feeling the approaching doom.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 126 The Supreme Tusk, Gannala
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Argh…ARGHHH! RAAAGHHHH!" Brangara bellowed in pain as his blood was extracted in large amounts.

A pipe was inserted into his mouth as the crushed pulp of Parute Fruit was inserted constantly. Standing beside him was Undrakha, controlling his body.

Since Brangara had learnt the Mystic Bone Art, Undrakha was controlling that now, activating it against Brangara's wishes as the Mystic Bone Art digested the Parute Fruit pulp and rapidly regenerated his lost blood.

And from time to time, flowing through the blood was his Spirit Containers that had been broken off from his heart. Undrakha was controlling everything to ensure he shed the Spirit Containers.

Through the consumed Parute Fruits, Undrakha built Spirit Containers in Brangara by controlling the Mystic Bone Art in the latter's body.

Since Brangara had learnt Mystic Bone Art, the only way for him to cultivate further was by using it. He could no longer learn any other cultivation technique, unless he were to abolish his cultivation and start anew.

Spirit Containers flowed out of his body through the extracted blood that was stored in a large container. Seated in the container was a Mammoth Clansmen couple. The pair of man and woman absorbed the blood and digested it, gradually acclimating to it.

It took them a decade to do so, a time period no different from hell to Brangara.

Once the couple had acclimated to Brangara's special blood, they were able to get a portion of his Natures, or rather, the power in them.

Following that, the couple mated in the container.

The man burned his essence during the mating process, transforming into dust once he ejaculated. All he sent in was a single sperm, full of the genetic material he had adapted to in the past decade.

The woman was calm throughout the ordeal, accepting his sperm as she focused, able to sense it slowly but surely approach her egg.

Both of them had the Fragment Disease. They were the 1st Empyrean Tusk's children.

They planned to birth an Empyrean Tusk that was significantly more evolved than the rest by absorbing the properties of Brangara's blood.

Brangara was only missing one or two steps before he became a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. So, his essence was valuable, capable of evolving even an Empyrean Tusk.

"Demons! The lot of you are Demons!" Brangara shouted shrilly, "You've turned my race into a farm crop! And now, you're drinking my blood like it's water! Is this the famed Mammoth Clan's true nature? MERE! BLOODTHIRSTY! BEASTS!"

"You are pretty animated," Undrakha commented casually and ignored his screams, instead focusing on the woman in the container, "How are you feeling?"

"I'm not sure if I can stay alive long enough to deliver the baby." The woman expressed her worries, "The energy condensing in my womb is beyond anything I've ever sensed in the women that birthed Empyrean Tusks."

"Tell me what you need." Undrakha commented casually, expressing words of one used to wielding absolute power, "I'll get you whatever you need immediately."

"Nutrient-rich food," The woman said as she felt the sperm enter her egg, "The nutritional value must be highly concentrated. After all, there's a limit to how much food I can consume. Even eating Paure Fruits nonstop won't suffice. I need something more richly concentrated."

"Hmm, will the heart of an Empyrean Boar do?" Undrakha asked, not even bothering with Brangara's despairing howls.

"That should do. But," The woman frowned, "It seems I would need too many. That might put a wrench in our plans."

"That doesn't matter." Undrakha commented, "If the need arises, we can drop half the herd. They can remain in Sumatra and continue to increase their numbers until they have amassed enough to make the trip in the future."

"The goal is to evolve. And if you succeed, we'll become ever closer to our goal."

That statement from Undrakha signed off the fate of the Empyrean Boars. For the woman's needs, all Empyrean Boars that were still alive were slaughtered mercilessly and their hearts were harvested.

Undrakha brought an Empyrean Boar's heart, frowning as it was the size of a room, "You can't consume something this big, right?"

"It'll take time, but I can do it." The woman said.

"Wait, you only need concentrated nutrients, right?" Undrakha asked, smiling upon seeing her nod as he glanced at Brangara, "I have the perfect filter."

"No! Stop! No! Please! STOP! ANYTHING BUT THIS! I beg you! Please!" Brangara roared, pleading desperately. But with a thought from Undrakha, his Mystic Bone Art flared up.

Brangara found himself transforming into his Empyrean Boar form, beyond his control. His mouth was forcefully opened as the heart of his brethren was stuffed inside.

Forced Cannibalism!

Brangara's mind snapped as he didn't even know what had happened. All he felt before the snap was an absolutely, irreversible disgusting sensation of digesting his brethren.

The Empyrean Boar's heart was digested as a torrent of energy filled Brangara's body. And the blood extracted from his body was no different from an Elixir. No, it was the highest grade of Elixir.

The woman relished the elixir-like blood, "This is better than I thought. I never knew such a concentration of Prana and nutrients could ever be attained."

"This is the result from stuffing a single Empyrean Boar heart down his throat." Undrakha smiled, "Wait until I stuff more of them."

For the period of the next nine months, all surviving Empyrean Boars had been killed. Their hearts were stuffed into Brangara and the resultant blood was extracted and consumed by the woman who finally gave birth to a human girl.

At her birth, all 188 Empyrean Tusks trumpeted in unison, expressing their joy. The 1st Empyrean Tusk proclaimed at that moment, transferring a lot of information to the baby.

[Her name is Gannala, the Supreme Tusk!]

In their language, Gannala translated to Supreme Tusk. Even though Gannala wasn't a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, it seemed she had the potential to become one. A route towards Mystic Grade had been opened for her, something that wasn't available for the other Empyrean Tusks.

All 188 Empyrean Tusks seeped a bit of their essence into her, providing her with the wealth of information they had each accumulated.

The accumulation of each Empyrean Tusk varied due to the lives their respective Mammoth Clansmen lived. It was a collation of their thoughts, experiences, ideas, etc.

Gannala gained a portion from everyone, starting at a point way ahead of other newborn Empyrean Tusks, also sporting the longest road in terms of potential.

'You! YOU!' Brangara glared at the newborn Gannala, 'I'll kill you! You were born through the deaths of my race! I'll KILL YOU!'

Unfortunately for him, he was too outclassed in this place where the Mammoth Clan's power was condensed.

Moreover, the presence of Renduldu, the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle ensured he could never escape his plight which was worse than farm produce.

Renduldu casually walked past Brangara and lifted up Gannala, announcing excitedly, "It's unclear, but I can sense it."

"The route to Mystic Grade has been unlocked in her."

His announcement was the confirmation they were all waiting for, both Mammoth Clan and Empyrean Tusks.

Soon, Varahan Enclave was filled with the joyous trumpeting of the Empyrean Tusks.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 127 Bolt of Transcendence
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

100 Empyrean Tusks passed through the Varahan Enclave and exited Sumatra Continent, treading through the Sandy-Grey Void.

88 Empyrean Tusks had been left behind as the resources meant for them had been used for Gannala's birth.

Their original plan was to continue farming Empyrean Boars for another two decades. But in their hurry to birth Gannala, they ended up eradicating the Empyrean Boar race. As a result, 88 Empyrean Tusks were left behind.

The strongest 100 were leaving with Gannala in order to complete the route she had gained while the remaining 88 would build up their strength. And once they accumulated enough, they would follow the first herd to the other continent.

The herd of 100 had already discussed with the second herd, making note of some signs that the leading herd would leave behind in the Sandy-Grey Void. That would serve as a route indicator for the second herd.

The 88 Empyrean Tusks turned around from the Varahan Enclave's entrance and headed deeper into Sumatra Continent, returning to their original route.

Meanwhile, the herd of 100 Empyrean Tusks began their journey through the Sandy-Grey Void.

Two years since the journey began, Renduldu played around with Gannala who had already taken on her Empyrean Tusk form.

"Her growth is staggering," Renduldu commented as he was punched in the face by Gannala's trunk. "She's at a level above the rest of you."

Even though he was talking to Undrakha, he was addressing the 1st Empyrean Tusk through him.

In response, the 1st Empyrean Tusk relayed its thoughts to Undrakha who then communicated it with Renduldu, "She's happily aware of that."

"Happily aware, huh?" Renduldu nodded as he got up, patting Gannala when her tiny trunk continued to coil around the tentacles dangling from his face and pull them, hard.

Of course, her strength didn't even tickle him. Even the 1st Empyrean Tusk's full-powered attack would hardly bruise him, for he was a pinnacle existence.

"It's time," Renduldu spoke suddenly, causing the 1st Empyrean Tusk to stop abruptly, "I cannot hold back any longer."

"Is it time already?" Undrakha sighed.

"Yeah," Renduldu nodded, "If I hold back my cultivation any longer, I'm afraid I'll invoke divine punishment. It's time I accept the Transcendence Stage and ascend."

"And I want you to accompany me," Renduldu stared at Undrakha, "When I enter one of those worlds in the sky, I want a friend to support me."

"I'm…not strong enough, I'm afraid." Undrakha smiled wryly, "Especially when compared to you."

"Only to me, yes." Renduldu chuckled, "But don't forget that you're a solid second place in Sumatra. I haven't seen a cultivator or Pranic Beast stronger than you in my long life. You're on a level similar to the Mammoth Ancestor. Hence, I want you to come with me."

"Besides," His eyes glinted, "You too are approaching your limit. You have been at the peak for too long. You won't be able to hold back long enough for this journey to end."

"But it's a dangerous journey." Undrakha said in worry, "I need to be here in case of an emergency."

[It's alright! You can go! Your ancestor has been requesting me to send reinforcements for a while! You're needed more above than here!]

"If you're the one saying that, then I can be at peace." Undrakha sighed and stared at Renduldu, "It seems my ancestor is facing some issues in the Transcendent World."

"Then, that's another reason for you to come with me." Renduldu nodded, "As long as we have a mark in the Transcendent World, our race will continue to exist here."

"So, there's nothing for you to worry about." Renduldu nodded.

"Do I kill Brangara? He's my source of worry." Undrakha said, "As long as I'm here, even if he becomes a Mystic Beast, I can easily deal with him. But it'll be troublesome in my absence."

"It seems you have remained strong for too long." Renduldu snorted, "Protect them too much and they'll grow weak. As long as they aren't annihilated, any harm is merely training. Struggle is the primary component necessary for evolution."

"Isn't the reason the herd is leaving Sumatra because it's too easy for them there?" Renduldu stared and spoke with an admonishing tone, "So, a threat is necessary."

"It seems you know something I don't." Undrakha asked, "Care to tell me?"

"I can't," Renduldu shook his head, "I'll be erased if I were to do that."

"Fine," Sighing in response, Undrakha lovingly patted Gannala who hugged him with her trunk, "Grow big and strong, okay?"

"You'll lead us into a new era."

10-Life Stage!

His ten lives began to merge into one as a torrent of power surged in Undrakha, resulting in a terrifying energy storm that forced the herd to stop. It only took a second as the ten lives merged into one, becoming a terrifying entity, one that had completed its cultivation journey, a true Deific Being.

Transcendence!

At the same time, both Undrakha and Renduldu attained Transcendence, causing the energy storm to grow bigger. The settlement buildings were affected in response as some of them broke.

Had they not been at the Sandy-Grey Void where everything was assimilated into the region, damage by the storm would have been substantial, even if the herd didn't come into contact with it.

The energy storm soon condensed into a tornado that connected the ground to the sky, entering one of the worlds hovering beyond reach in the sky. Terrifying energy currents ran through it, possessing enough destructive power to scorch a continent itself.

Only someone at the Transcendent Stage could withstand it. And even for them, it was hard. Undrakha and Renduldu grunted in pain as numerous wounds formed on their Transcendent bodies.

But suddenly, their faces paled as a bolt of current in the energy storm was seemingly attracted out. It slammed into a building where Brangara was held captive. Once the building was vaporised, the figure of Brangara inside was revealed.

He had currently activated all his Natures. For the past twelve years, all he consumed were Empyrean Boar hearts. And pretty much all Natures stored in his body was that of his race.

Once he activated them all simultaneously, the presence of an Empyrean Boar in him strengthened to the extreme, making him have the same presence as that of a Transcendent.

That confused the energy storm for a moment. And to judge his qualifications, it sent an energy current his way, which he used to destroy his bindings.

Primary Nature—Voracious Nature!

Tertiary Nature—Cultivator!

By activating the two at the same time, Brangara transformed into an Empyrean Boar and absorbed the energy bolt. Even though its destructive power ought to have destroyed him, since he was currently being reinforced by hundreds of Empyrean Boar Primary Natures, his body withstood it.

Moreover, he was even able to consume the energy bolt, an unprecedented event. Troves of information appeared in his mind as Brangara commented, watching the two Transcendents head farther and farther up into the sky, unable to return, "So, those bolts are filled to the brim with information."

"I'm envious." He grinned like a maniac as the absorbed information was an extreme on its own. And it allowed him to condense his final Nature.

Secondary Nature—Astral Chart!

It seemed the Bolt of Transcendence was the last puzzle necessary for his race's evolution as Brangara mutated, attaining the pinnacle status, the status of supreme in Sumatra Continent that to date had been held by only one race, breaking the custom.

Mystic Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Boar King!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 128 Empyrean Boar King’s Ravaged Tribe
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Oh, Fuck!" Undrakha and Renduldu exclaimed in unison as their bodies vanished, transported into the Transcendent World hovering far away in the sky.

Brangara's abilities evolved once he became the Empyrean Boar King. He finally entered the Body Stage which didn't seem possible until then. And since he already had his Pranic Beast form, that became his body.

Since his body had already attained maturity, Brangara reached the peak of the Body Stage.

The Mammoth Clansmen atop the 1st Empyrean Tusk rushed at him, intending to put an end to his life. In response, he bellowed, "Not so fast, fuckers. You tortured me until now. From today, the roles have been reversed!"

Since he was currently being reinforced by over a hundred Primary Natures of Voracious Nature, Brangara was at his strongest. He raised his hand and slammed forth, destroying the settlement, and sending everyone flying.

Swathes of bone forming the 1st Empyrean Tusk's exoskeleton began to flow like the sea as it was entering its battle form.

He knew better than to challenge it, for even in his current state, one hit from it, and he would die. Instead, Brangara used the Sandy-Grey Void to his advantage and leaped off from the 1st Empyrean Tusk, disappearing in the darkness.

He circled around them, making a calculation based on their travel route as he rushed to the herd's back and targeted the 100th Empyrean Tusk, injuring it since it was still in its energy-saving form.

[Gannala is missing!]

The 1st Empyrean Tusk's roar alerted all 100 Empyrean Tusks into action as they searched around while fighting against Brangara's sneak attacks. In the chaos, they veered off from the designated route, causing the legs of the Empyrean Tusks to begin sinking.

The battle raged for eight long years, resulting in the deaths of six Empyrean Tusks. As Brangara never fought them directly but instead harassed them with sneak attacks, they took significant losses.

Moreover, whenever he wished to rest, he transformed into a human and actually took refuge in a Settlement. Once he had rested and recovered, he silently escaped, transformed into the Empyrean Boar King, and returned to attack them, making it seem as if he was tracking them through the Sandy-Grey Void.

By the time the Empyrean Tusks figured out his plan, six of them were already dead, consumed by him. Moreover, the energy he obtained from swallowing six Empyrean Tusks allowed him to keep fighting without rest.

Only after he stops using his abilities will the activated Primary Natures disappear from his body. Since he had enough Prana to supply for their activation, thanks to the Empyrean Boar corpses, he continued to harass them.

But after a while, he hit his limit when the Sandy-Grey Void became increasingly treacherous. In the end, he had to stop the hunt and return to Sumatra Continent. Even though only six Empyrean Tusks had been killed, that day signalled the rise of a predator that targeted even Empyrean Tusks alone.

Soon, the name of Boar King resounded throughout Sumatra Continent, feared by all, a terrifying Pranic Beast with an insatiable appetite that hunted even Empyrean Tusks.

Since there were still 88 Empyrean Tusks left behind on Sumatra Continent, the Boar King intended to wipe them out first. After that, he would follow the first herd into the new continent and slaughter them all there.

…

Staring at the Rooster Tribe, the Boar King muttered, "Seeing the Sandy-Grey Void here made me recall my horrifying past."

He sighed and thought about the Mammoth Clan, "Through the Mammoth Clansmen, the Empyrean Tusks increase their numbers. Before the arrival of the Mammoth Clan Ancestor, they were merely a Ravaged Tribe that were slaves to the Empyrean Tusks."

"No, they weren't even Empyrean Tusks back then." He nodded and calmly observed the Rooster Tribesmen flailing about in fluster to notify the Rockatrice about the broken wall, "I'm alone. My race has been annihilated. But,"

His eyes glinted in excitement, "If I create a Ravaged Tribe of my own and make them evolve into Clansmen, as long as I take the same route as the Empyrean Tusks, I should be able to create my brethren through them."

"Hahaha!" He roared in laughter, "You fucker that lured me into the trap. You just enlightened me with hope."

"I'll raise my brethren and casually erase your kind." He was confident, especially with the information he had accumulated, "In three generations, I'll create my Clansmen."

The Boar King's figure flashed through the region, observing all five Tribesmen. He spent a month obtaining enough data. Once satisfied, he left the region, making a beeline towards the Varahan Enclave. 'There's a Kingdom of Free Humans five thousand kilometres away from my home. I'll turn them all into my Ravaged Tribe.'

He jumped through the kilometre-wide Sandy-Grey Void, noting down the Mudropper's position along the way, 'It seems to be preparing to lay down more of its kind. That's better. I'll return when there's a bunch of them and swallow the Primary Natures of half of them.'

Originally, the Boar King that should have faced the Empyrean Tusk herd and Mammoth Clan alone has now veered in a completely different direction.

Inala's plan intended to make the Boar King fall prey to the trap and hence think of all future cries from baby Gannala as traps too. That indeed worked spectacularly.

From Inala's perspective, that was a resounding success. Now, he didn't have to worry about the Boar King chasing after him until baby Gannala matured. Even if he did, Inala could simply law down another such trap, fooling the Boar King once again.

Fool him enough times and in the future, even if he hears the cries of a baby Empyrean Tusk, the Boar King would shy away from making the journey. Until here, things had gone as planned.

But the result was a blunder. Originally, the entity that was strong enough to not need anyone now desired to repopulate his race.

And if he succeeds, under the Boar King would be an army of intelligent Empyrean Boars that had full control over their abilities.

The army of Empyrean Boars would face the Empyrean Tusks. And whatever Clan Brangara creates would end up facing the Mammoth Clan.

The endgame changed from a single, overpowered enemy to an overpowered enemy with an army. It was unknown who would face the brunt of this blunder. But as part of the Mammoth Clan, all reincarnates were in the same situation.

From now on, no matter where in the world they hid themselves, the Boar King wouldn't bother with them. Instead, the Clan serving him would scour throughout Sumatra Continent to weed out any hiding Mammoth Clansmen.

The birth of baby Gannala already changed the plot once, causing the Boar King and the Empyrean Tusk herd to clash prematurely. And now, Inala's blunder changed the plot further, resulting in the birth of an opposing force.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 129 Virala’s Windfall
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A month ago, at the Dieng Canyon, an hour before baby Gannala's cries resounded thanks to Inala's trap.

A figure skipped past the reddish lava streams that were beginning to cool down. Each lava stream varied in size, from a couple metres thick to dozens of metres. A solid layer had already begun to form over all of them once it began to rain.

The Empyrean Tusk herd was still sorting through the merger, deciding on the ranks of the various Empyrean Tusks based on established factors.

The Mammoth Clans under Bora Tusk and Yahard Tusk were now homeless. Therefore, they were building large transports to travel through while their respective Empyrean Tusks grew.

Gannala was with Inala and Harrala was with Grehha. Since both had completed the inheritance ceremonies, the Mammoth Clansmen under Bora Tusk and Yahard Tusk respectively only had to wait.

Of course, they couldn't cultivate or develop until then, but that didn't matter. Being unable to develop for a decade or two didn't matter as they held onto hope. It was vastly better than a hopeless situation with their Deities dead and without successors.

While the herd and Mammoth Clan sorted through various stuff, a figure had slipped away, making way to the region where the Boar King and the Empyrean Tusk herd had battled.

It was Virala!

Sporting an expression of excitement, he continued to skip past the lava rivers. As toxic fumes billowed from the lava, not to mention the mountains in the region mostly destroyed, there were no Zingers in the vicinity.

'To think even Dieng Canyon would be this peaceful.' He thought and raised his pace, skipping past the larger lava rivers, feeling the region only grow hotter as he continued in that direction.

Soon, he arrived before a sphere that was a metre in diameter. Lava streams surrounded it, still billowing despite the rains. But forming a contrast was this sphere, cold to the touch.

Virala patted it, sensing his Secondary Nature of Weaponisation react in response, hyped up, 'It's there! Holy Shit! It's a windfall!'

This was the sphere formed as a result of Harrala's suicidal charge. After swallowing Gannala's corpse, Harrala collapsed the gravity in her body, causing the concentrated mass to pull particles towards each other.

The particles compressed and piled upon each other, resulting in a fusion reaction, birthing a star that was alive for a second before falling to the ground like a piece of rock. Moreover, before the star's birth, the Boar King's body too was consumed by it.

Thereafter, the power of the Boar King, Gannala, and Harrala was in this metre-wide sphere. Due to the fusion reaction, the powers of the three could have been broken down and destroyed. The possibility of that was very high.

But it seemed Voracious Nature had a stronger influence this time, as until the birth of the star, both Harrala and the Boar King were alive.

And it seemed during the fusion process, these Natures too fused into one, becoming a mysterious power.

Virala only intended to check if it could be used through his power. And once he activated Weaponisation, he realised that it was indeed possible, 'The strongest Nature exists in it.'

Of course, he wished to claim it for himself immediately. Without any hesitation, Virala touched the sphere and seeped his Prana through it, activating his secondary Nature of Weaponisation to check how many conditions he had to achieve before gaining possession of it.

17,610 Conditions!

"This is…absurd!" Virala sighed. It would take him forever to gain ownership of the Nature inside the sphere. But the fact that it required so many conditions was a testament to its power.

Depending on its power, the Primary Nature of an Iron Grade Pranic Beast or human equivalent required anywhere from 1 to 100 conditions. The majority of the conditions were easy to achieve.

Touch with Prana, nudge the owner, make the owner feel happy once, etc. All conditions were easy to achieve. They only took time to complete.

For a Primary Nature from a Silver Grade Pranic Beast, the conditions ranged in the three digits, four digits for Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

And finally, for Primary Nature on the level of Mystic Grade, the conditions exceeded 10,000.

Virala had no idea of what Nature existed in the sphere, but he knew that it would become his trump card, 'No matter how long it takes, I'll make it mine.'

He then took out a One-Storey Storage Lantern and stored the sphere in it, watching it fully occupy the space within. After shrinking the Storage Lantern, Virala slung it to his hip and casually looked around, intending to return.

He had just turned around when he was stunned to see Resha standing there, twenty metres away, calm, collected. Seeing Resha's countenance made Virala nervous, 'Damn! What is he thinking now?'

"Say," Resha spoke calmly, "What were you doing here?"

'How long was he watching me?' Virala wasn't aware. Therefore, making a lie here would only garner Resha's ire, 'He's currently strong enough to kill me easily. I can't talk to him like before.'

His mind spun in overdrive as Virala quickly thought up a solution, 'I guess using the truth is for my best here. I have the perfect plan in mind.'

Virala pointed at his One-Storey Storage Lantern, "I stored that sphere in here."

"Why?" Resha asked.

"Are you truly unaware?" Virala acted like he was irritated by the stupid question, "Or are you simply messing with me?"

"Answer me," Resha said.

'Fuck!' Virala's back was drenched with cold sweat. Resha typically asked this question right before deciding to go for the kill. That was in his character.

Keeping a handle on his emotions, Virala controlled his body language to be casual and shrugged nonchalantly, "It's to research and find out the Boar King's weakness."

"How?" Resha asked.

"You know about Prana Shock, right?" Virala asked, "It's the Primary Nature of a Shock Lizard."

"I know," Resha nodded. This was the most commonly fused with Pranic Beast among the elites. So, every Mammoth Clansman was aware of it.

"Well, mine's somewhat special," Viral said, equipping two Prana Shock Natures in his slots as he activated them simultaneously and placed his hand on the ground, causing minor fluctuations to spread out.

The waves were faint, not even disturbing the natural layout of the place. Even Resha could only sense it minutely. After a moment of observation, he muttered, "You fused with a Shock Lizard?"

"Do I seem that lacking in greed?" Virala scoffed.

"You're a greedy bastard," Resha said.

"Right," Virala laughed at the right answer, "So, I took a gamble and stole a certain egg stashed away by one of the Zinger colonies."

"It belongs to a Mutant version of the Shock Lizard." Virala snickered, "And through its power, I can unleash minor waves of Prana through an object and learn of its intricacies."

"That's how I intend to figure out the Boar King's weakness."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 130 Virala Taunts Resha
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I see," Resha nodded and turned silent.

The silence only caused Virala to break out in cold sweat further, 'What the fuck is wrong with this guy?'

Virala was completely bluffing. He was simply using two Prana Shocks at the same time to unleash a combined effect that seemed on par with the Primary Nature of a Silver Grade Pranic Beast.

The Boar King had previously demonstrated the ability by using ten Prana Shocks simultaneously. That level of power was tremendous. Upon seeing that, Virala was inspired to create the perfect cover for his power.

During the chaos, he sneak attacked two Mammoth Clansmen that had recently become elites. They had fused with a Shock Lizard. Hence, he obtained two Nature Weapons with the power of Prana Shock.

By equipping them, he could behave as if he chanced upon a Mutated Shock Lizard egg and fused with it. The blame could easily be placed on the Zingers. After all, Zingers indeed raided and stole the eggs of other Pranic Beasts.

So, it wasn't unusual for one to chance upon an egg or two in a Zinger colony. Many in the shelter at the 43rd Settlement had witnessed him leap out and board a Zinger to crash into a Zinger colony. That served as an alibi for him obtaining this power.

He could easily say that he was desperate due to the sheer power displayed by the Zingers during the First Major Disaster. Hence, he had taken such risks, especially since as a Death Row student, that was his only option. He only had two more months left to live.

'A Shock Lizard, really? After everything this guy did before, he obtained the power of a Shock Lizard?' Resha found it hard to believe. But the effects he witnessed were proof enough, 'What made him obtain such a power?'

The six reincarnates knew things from his past life. And they took action and did things that he could never even think about. Resha failed to understand how that was possible.

He intended to interrogate Grehha later. And with that in mind, he followed Virala from some distance away, wondering what the latter did. He felt the most threatened by Virala for some reason.

And hence, if he still perceived the threat, he intended to deal with the latter right here. There would be no problems if he were to do that.

"So, what are you here for?" Virala didn't give Resha time to think, instead asking, "Surely you didn't coincidentally chance upon me this far away from our settlement?"

"Let's see…" Resha calmly condensed a bone hammer and gripped its handle tight. An instant later, he flickered towards Virala, "Why don't you reveal whatever you're hiding?"

Prana Shock (x2)!

Virala charged up two waves of Prana Shock in both hands and clapped aloud, unleashing an arc of shockwave that slammed into Resha, barely managing to halt him for an instant. Virala clapped repeatedly, sending stronger waves, grunting as even though the ground cracked in response to his power, all it did was hold Resha in place.

But a second later, Resha calmly walked towards Virala, causing him to curse mentally, 'Fucking monster! This isn't even doing anything to him."

"Why are you imitating that bastard?" Resha changed the hammer into a spear and thrust forth,? puncturing Virala in the gut, "That's the fastest way to trigger me."

Virala was indeed imitating the Boar King, for that was the greatest display of power he could reference.

"Guh!" Virala coughed out blood as he almost fainted from being stabbed in the gut. The spear peeked out from his back, dripping blood, "Bastard!"

"Are you that desperate to kill us all?" Virala spat the blood that had collected in his mouth, intending to splash it upon Resha's face and blind the latter. But the blood simply swerved around the latter and splattered on the ground.

"Why do you care?" Resha retracted the spear and stabbed again, "I can do whatever I want, alright?"

"Fucker, you're trying to kill me. Of course, I care about that." Virala grunted as a sphere of Prana hovered before him, blinding as it became conical in shape. Immediately in response, it unleashed a concentrated beam on Resha, sending him skidding back by a few metres.

The frequency of shockwaves impacting Resha every second continued to increase, from ten to twenty, to thirty, increasing steadily as Virala's Prana levels dropped alarmingly.

"Guh!" Virala dropped to the ground, exhausted as blood continued to drip out of his body. Suddenly, a bone slab fell out.

Resha glanced at it as the bone slab flew towards him. He grabbed it and inspected it, "A Spy Bone detector?"

"Look into it, you'll be surprised." Virala wheezed as blood continued to drip out of his body. By now, he had sneakily seeped two charges into the ground that moved underground and exploded from underneath a lava stream.

The concentrated shockwaves sent the lava flying like a geyser, impacting Resha from two sides. But all they did was swerve around him, with not even a drop touching him.

Resha didn't retaliate and instead brimmed with anger as he growled, "Who did you place this Spy Bone Fragment upon?"

"Blola," Virala said, continuing to unleash more lava geysers on Resha, "After I fused with the Mutated Shock Lizard egg, the mountain I was upon collapsed. When I recovered, I noticed Blola returning. I sneaked this on him during then."

"And unlike me, he was stronger." Virala commented, "From what I know, I can conclude what he did."

"You didn't forget the conversation we had at Ennoudu Plains, right?" He taunted.

In response, Resha lashed forth with a sword that expanded in length, intending to sever Virala into two. But suddenly, a plate of energy formed between the two, casually tanking the attack.

Resha looked around, unable to determine where it came from. 'Did Virala do it? Is he finally revealing his trump card?'

He then noticed Virala charging a powerful attack, one strong enough to even send him flying. But it was simply a powerful attack using Prana Shock. The mysterious energy slab seemed to be someone else's.

"Attack a Clansman one more time, and I'll eliminate you." A cold voice brimming with authority resounded.

"Tch!" Resha realised the Mammoth Clan Chief had taken action. He was the Chief of the larger herd that arrived at the end of their fight with the Boar King. And even after the merger, he was still the Chief.

After all, he had reached the peak of cultivation. There didn't exist an opponent that could challenge him. Only powerful Gold Grade Pranic Beasts and the Boar King were his opponents.

He could control an entire region without personally moving, all thanks to his special ability. The fact that such a person had taken action meant Resha could forget killing Virala.

"Consider yourself lucky." Resha snorted.

"I have been nice to you all along, but you dared try to kill me not once, but twice. Fine then, I'll stop showing you mercy." Virala calmly got up, despite his injuries as he snorted, "Blola returned an Empyrean Tusk, just like you. Do you know what that means?"

"You orphaned bastard!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 131 Blola Cries
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Blola returned an Empyrean Tusk, just like you. Do you know what that means?" Virala growled.

"You orphaned bastard!"

Resha was already aware of it the moment the Spy Bone detector showed Blola's location. The fact that Blola returned to the Clan meant he had succeeded in obtaining what he had set out to do—gain an Empyrean Tusk's power.

His parents were supposed to bring a baby Empyrean Tusk at this time. Judging by the conversation he heard between Bora Tusk and Raaha—Chief of the larger Empyrean Tusk herd's Mammoth Clan, and also Chief after the merger—before, it seemed the baby Empyrean Tusk was stolen from the larger herd.

His parents were the thieves.

Raaha said they were killed by the Boar King, including the baby Empyrean Tusk. That was why his herd had raged. And when they heard another baby—baby Gannala—Empyrean Tusk's cries, they charged in the respective direction and arrived here.

When even someone with Raaha's strength claimed that the killer of his parents and the baby Empyrean Tusk was the Boar King, Resha could only accept the verdict. So, he concluded Blola had nothing to do with it.

That was why he didn't take any action despite noticing Blola. The moment Blola arrived at the Clan, Resha was aware. He observed that Blola didn't seem to exhibit any traits of having become an Empyrean Tusk.

Rather, the presence emanating from him was that of a Spirit Moss. Resha had the Tertiary Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator in his past life. The fact that the reincarnates had knowledge of his past life allowed him to conclude that Blola was camping in that tunnel at the Ennoudu Plains to gain the Nature of Spirit Moss.

It was indeed a powerful ability with importance on a strategic level. But the current Resha didn't need such an ability. Hence, he didn't mind it being stolen. Besides, there was enough Spirit Moss in that tunnel for ten people to obtain the Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator.

Blola was using his blood to fight the Zingers. And based on its power, it was a Nature. Resha concluded that was the power he gained from a Pranic Beast.

Even he didn't have an idea as to what Pranic Beast it was, but he could feel it wasn't an Empyrean Tusk. That was why he wasn't led by Virala and instead targeted the latter.

"Is that all?" Resha stared at Virala like he was a dead man. Since he could no longer attack the latter due to Raaha's intervention, he could only turn around and return to the Clan.

'He's not targeting Blola?' Virala was stunned, 'How the fuck? Blola clearly exhibited an Empyrean Tusk's presence back then. There's only one way he would have obtained it. He ought to have killed that baby Empyrean Tusk.'

It was Virala's turn to be confused. But in the end, he snickered, 'It seems I underestimated you too much, Blola.'

"You indeed had a plan in motion for your return." Virala opened a vial and downed its contents, recovering some of his Prana. His injuries were horrible, but once he swapped one of the Nature Weapons with Ruvva's Nature Weapon, he could control his leaking blood.

The muscles around the wound tightened, blocking the blood flow. And by reducing the density of the region, he could seep Prana into it better and heal it faster. After he had stopped the bleeding, Virala got up and began to make his way to the Clan. It was safer to heal in the safety of the Clan than out here.

'Since the Chief has warned him, Resha wouldn't take action against me for the time being.' Virala sighed, 'And before he gets an opportunity to do so once again, I will grow strong enough.'

Currently, Resha was more than seventy percent into the Body Stage, approaching completion. Virala was barely at the starting line. Therefore, he had to work harder to bridge the gap.

Besides, both were building an Empyrean Tusk's body. Therefore, their resource requirement was strenuous. 'If I go the conventional route, it'll take me a century to finish building my body.'

"Then, there's only one thing to do," Muttering as such, Virala returned. He had already forgotten his anger from being almost killed. His brain simply switched to another scheme and began to think in that regard.

In the meantime, Raaha stared at the kneeling figure of Blola, "You say you obtained a Secondary Nature through an accident?"

"Yes," Blola nodded, "When our herd stopped at Ennoudu Plains to conduct a Mammoth Fair, while walking towards the fair on our Empyrean Tusk's trunk, I was sent flying by intense winds. I somehow managed to survive, but I lost consciousness in the process."

He put on a sombre tone, "When I came to, the herd had already entered the Dieng Canyon. Thankfully, Ennoudu Plains is a safe region. And while preparing to chase after the herd, I chanced upon a tunnel filled with Spirit Moss."

"So you consumed it for close to six months and gained a Nature?" Raaha calmly observed Blola.

"Yes, I obtained the Secondary Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator," Blola then went on to explain about the ability, "After obtaining it, I felt I was strong enough to make my return. But then, an intense shockwave coursed from deeper into the tunnel. I was roaming the Ennoudu Plains to see if there were any other fortuitous encounters there when this happened. When I rushed towards the entrance, I saw piles of Spirit Moss strewn around."

He then pointed at the Eight-Storey Storage Tower, "This was among the rubble. When I found it, there was no imprint on it, so I made it mine. It was then I noticed a strange egg among the rubble. I could feel it was powerful and hence, I fused with it immediately."

Saying so, Blola prostrated further, "Chief, I beg you. With my Secondary Nature, I can contribute to the Clan immensely. So, please,"

He expressed genuine fluster at the end of the fake tale he had concocted, "Please help me."

"I don't know what's happening to my Spirit Container anymore."

"Come closer," Raaha said and touched Blola's forehead with his index finger, seeping his Prana into the latter. His expression turned serious as he observed Blola's Spirit Container, 'What the heck is this?'

A monster shaped like a tree with a head resembling a pitcher plant. A bloodthirsty eye opened on it, glaring at Raaha. For a moment, even he was stunned before noticing goosebumps had formed on his skin, not to mention his back was drenched with cold sweat, 'Is this even a Pranic Beast?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 132 Weird Plant Spirit Container
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Things were going as planned until Blola arrived at the Clan. He had even prepared a one-off use ability just to fool Resha's senses.

He only wished to sell the Spirit Moss in his possession and buy some Empyrean Tusk bone powder to build his body. Following that, he intended to dip and flee to the Brimgan Empire.

Based on the herd's route, he would be able to meet them in a couple of decades. By then, he would have used up all the bone powder and also amassed enough Spirit Moss to trade once again. That was his plan.

Unfortunately for him, things started going downhill from the moment the Boar King appeared. It seemed his presence had set off a chain reaction inside him.

Remember the Parute Seed he had consumed? That suddenly manifested within his Spirit Container.

After becoming an Empyrean Tusk, his Spirit Container had taken the shape of an adult Empyrean Tusk. But after the Parute Seed's appearance, that began to change. Roots protruded from the Parute Seed and gradually filled up the Empyrean Tusk's legs.

Its stem filled the body while a flower bloomed out of its trunk, gradually transforming into a pitcher that could bloom like a flower, with the petals covered by jagged teeth. It had suddenly taken on Eldritch qualities, terrifying Blola.

The entire process happened gradually over the course of a week. It was subtle and didn't even alert him, growing like a plant undetected by all. By the time Blola noticed it, things had already progressed beyond recovery.

Even though Blola trod the same path as Resha, their timing was different. When Resha consumed the Parute Seed, he was in the Life Stage. The case was the same as when he obtained the Tertiary Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator.

But what about Blola?

The first Nature he obtained was that of Spirit Moss Cultivator. This was when he was in the Spirit Stage. Secondly, he consumed the Parute Seed while at the Spirit Stage too.

The Parute Seed was something that formed at the end of a million years. What exactly was a Parute Tree, how it came into existence, etc. none knew about it.

Even Sumatra Chronicles never delved into the matter. The only account regarding the Parute Seed was from Resha's perspective. And it happened towards the endgame.

Soon after he consumed the Parute Seed, Resha was killed by the Boar King. So, if there were any hidden effects in the Parute Seed, it was unknown as Resha was killed before it could manifest.

And that seemed to be the truth here.

Resha was at the Life Stage when he had done so, already building his second body. Therefore, he was resistant to changes even at the genetic level.

But Blola's case was different since he consumed the Parute Seed at the Spirit Stage. With his Spirit Container being empty, rich with Prana but no body being built into it, the Parute Seed considered it the perfect pot to take root into.

It manifested there and began to grow. Soon, it covered the Spirit Container and took hold of it, beginning to morph its shape too. When that happened, Blola hurriedly made up a story and rushed to seek Raaha's help.

If anyone could help him, then it was Raaha, a Mammoth Clansman who stood at the peak of Sumatra. That leads to his present.

'Is this even a Pranic Beast?' Raaha observed Blola's Spirit Container, 'It exudes a primal feeling unlike anything I've ever sensed.'

"Is that still under your control?" He asked.

"Yes," Blola nodded, "But I'm terrified by its presence and appearance. It has already swallowed my Pranic Beast and permanently changed my Spirit Container."

'Either this can become a boon or the greatest of curses.' Raaha thought and probed deeper into his body, soon approaching his Nature slots, muttering in confusion, "Wait, why is there only your Secondary Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator?"

"What happened to your Primary Nature?"

"It was swallowed," Blola cried. This was what pained him the most. After going through all efforts, and surviving countless encounters with death, he finally obtained the power of Internal Inertial Gravity, the most potent power to exist in Sumatra.

But now, that was no more. The weird plant had consumed it. As a result, he despaired. Internal Inertial Gravity was his hope in becoming one of the strongest cultivators of Sumatra Continent. But that hope was squashed mercilessly.

"Don't lose hope so soon," Raaha said as he continued to observe. One of the roots of the weird plant extended out before wrapping around Blola's Secondary Nature.

"No! No! NO! NOO!" Blola was going mad as he felt it clearly this time. Unfortunately for him, the plant didn't seem to care about his thoughts. Like absorbing nutrients from the soil, the plant's roots absorbed the Secondary Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator.

In a few hours, the slot turned empty. Blola had lost his Secondary Nature too. His eyes turned vacant as he stared blankly into space, with thoughts of suicide streaming into his mind from time to time.

'What…am I supposed to do now?' Blola despaired, 'Nothing! There's nothing left for me anymore. Why should I continue to struggle? This fucking plant would eat up everything anyway.'

"Are you still in control of it?" Raaha asked.

"I can't do shit against it!" Blola shrieked. But an instant later, his body failed to budge an inch. Only then did he realise he was talking to the Mammoth Clan Chief, a powerhouse among powerhouses, one of the reasons the Boar King failed to kill any Empyrean Tusks part of his herd.

"Have you calmed down enough?" Raaha asked calmly after a couple of minutes, his voice coercive, "Are you still in control of it?"

For some reason, his voice calmed down Blola, causing him to instinctively focus on the weird plant that had now become his Spirit Container. After a minute of observation, he said, "It's still my Spirit Container. That hasn't changed, despite me being unable to control it."

"Then wait," Raaha commanded, "Whatever it wishes to do, let it run its course. I'll be keeping a watch to ensure you're alive."

Against such a situation that made no sense, even that guarantee was enough. As long as Blola was alive, he could build his strength once again. Whether or not his willpower could endure the process was another matter entirely.

A few more hours passed in such a fashion before which, the weird plant seemed to have stabilised. It didn't do anything after finishing its growth. But immediately in response, intense hunger pervaded his being as Blola felt like he was going insane, "H-H-Hungry!"

"I'm hungry!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 133 An Empyrean Tusk’s De-Aging Process
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Sandy-Grey Void!

When the energy current slammed into the Brangara and destroyed part of the Settlement on the 1st Empyrean Tusk, Gannala was sent flying away. The Mammoth Clansmen acting as her protectors were vaporised when a portion of the energy current arched towards her.

Gannala was a special existence, capable of attracting a small energy current even when she was merely two years old. This was something only summoned by Transcendents.

Even Brangara only pulled in a bolt after activating all the Empyrean Boar Primary Natures in his body simultaneously. That was a display of her speciality, titled the Supreme Tusk by all Empyrean Tusks.

The resulting explosion sent her flying away from the Settlement on the 1st Empyrean Tusk and into the depths of the Sandy-Grey Void. Slowly, she began to sink into the grey sand, causing her presence to vanish.

By the time the 1st Empyrean Tusk felt her disappearance, it was too late, for her presence had already been masked. This had all happened within a few seconds.

Gannala was bloody from the impact, losing consciousness as she sank deeper into the grey sand. But as she did so, her powers activated, turning her body lighter, so light she stopped sinking.

Gradually, she surfaced, waking up somewhere far away from the herd due to the undercurrents in the sand. When she regained consciousness, she knew what to do, for in that tiny energy current that fused into her was valuable information.

It even contained information about the secrets of the Sandy-Grey Void, allowing Gannala to navigate her way through it and reach a safe path where the effects of the region were weak enough for her to withstand.

But by now, she was too tired to chase after the herd. The Boar King's actions only made things chaotic, destroying the marks the herd had left to indicate their route.

As a result, Gannala didn't know which way they went. In the end, she was forced to return to Sumatra Continent, the only route available in her memories thanks to the inheritance from the herd.

The Sandy-Grey Void was bereft of life. But as a biome herself, Gannala consumed the grey sand and broke it down to the nutrients she needed. This wasn't possible for other Empyrean Tusks. But through the information gained from the energy current, she knew the method to use Internal Inertial Gravity to break down the grey sand into minerals necessary for her survival.

This only provided her enough to survive. She could neither build her Prana nor bulk her body. In the end, she remained small, the same size as a newborn elephant, losing a good deal of her growth.

With her small frame, she had limited travelling means, spending a lot of time on her return journey. The journey that had taken the herd two years cost her a decade.

Eventually, she returned to Varahan Enclave. The first task she did upon arrival was to jump into the marsh and drink her fill of water. By eating the grass, tree bark, leaves, nuts, etc. of the forest produce, she made up for the lack of nutrients.

The Boar King had already returned to Sumatra Continent by then and was voraciously hunting strong Pranic Beasts to collect their Primary Natures.

Unwilling to confront him, Gannala hid in the Varahan Enclave and built up her strength. Once she had accumulated enough and recovered from the damage sustained in the Sandy-Grey Void, she left the region, entering the mainland of Sumatra Continent.

She wanted to regroup with the 88 Empyrean Tusk herd still left on Sumatra Continent. But upon hearing about the Boar King's activities that were closely based around their path, she refrained from heading there.

She would be needlessly sending herself to death. There was a greater chance the Boar King would chance upon her first than her herd. And even if she were to rejoin the herd, the Boar King who's closely following the herd would still end up finding out that she's alive.

She was practically born out of his race's annihilation. So, the Empyrean Tusk he hated the most was her.

As a result, she chose to go on alone. But that was easier said than done, especially since an Empyrean Tusk wasn't a flexible Pranic Beast.

To become flexible, she would have to take on her battle mode, which was heavily resource-intensive. She couldn't be in that state for more than a few minutes.

Her energy-conservation mode was severely lacking in the means to fight against invasive species like the Mud Vipers and thousands more that littered Sumatra Continent.

The only way to combat that was through the Mammoth Clan. But she was alone. Hence, she made a rather bold decision.

Seated in a cave, Gannala began to shed blood, losing her accumulated Prana and lifeforce on purpose to de-age herself, a process considered taboo among Empyrean Tusks.

She was originally born a human. And transforming into an Empyrean Tusk was voluntary. Usually, Empyrean Tusks remain human for a decade or two, living as Mammoth Clansmen.

When they attain maturity as a human, they naturally become Empyrean Tusks, starting as baby Empyrean Tusks. Their growth would begin from then on.

As Gannala was significantly more endowed than her brethren, she could transform into an Empyrean Tusk within two years of her birth. But now, she was regressing that development, shedding all her growth to revert to her human form.

This was a desperate measure the Empyrean Tusks used in a situation where their race felt threatened. By transforming into humans, they would mingle in a human Kingdom, recover their strength, build their numbers, and emerge as Empyrean Tusks once again.

This was a tactic they used ages ago, one that was deemed unnecessary once they attained a certain level of strength. Besides, for the past eight to ten thousand years, they had the support of the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle who considered them his friend.

Therefore, they truly were one of the strongest forces in Sumatra.

The problem with this age regression was losing their strength tremendously. The older they were as an Empyrean Tusk, the greater they lost their strength. They also sustained countless genetic problems as a result.

Gannala was only a decade old as an Empyrean Tusk, but even she had to pay a sharp price, feeling her body grow weak, unable to ever realise her potential.

The path to Mystic Grade existed in her, but this action meant she would never grow strong enough to pursue it. But if she didn't de-age herself, she wouldn't be able to survive Sumatra Continent due to her race's structural limitations.

In the end, for her future, for her race's future, to attain their lifelong goal, Gannala subjected herself to torture.

"Aaaahhhhh!" The screams of a human woman, one of unbearable pain resounded from the cave as a frail girl walked out, a bloody self. With sunken eyes, she dragged herself to the closest Kingdom.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 134 A Goddess That Rains Blood
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"The Pranic Beasts have breached the wall!" A soldier standing atop a city wall screamed as he thrust with his spear, unleashing a fiery radiance that melted his opponent. He was merely in his teens, but despite that, his cultivation displayed he was in the Body Stage, with a significant level of development at that.

It was apparent that he was a genius cultivator. But that didn't matter against the horde of Pranic Beasts that continued to swarm the city wall. He was the sole cultivator at the Body Stage. Everyone else was in the Spirit Stage, with very weak levels of Prana and training.

The majority of them didn't even have a cultivation technique.

There once existed a mighty Empire that had lived on for close to a millennium. Unfortunately for it, the Empire was blessed with three peerless talents among its royalty. When two of the three reached adulthood and began to contest for the throne, their supporters were split in two.

Both princes were equally worthy to inherit the throne, possessing talent far superior to their ancestors, not to mention radiating an aura of grace and leadership that caused followers to gather around them.

The Empire was divided into two factions and conflicts began to emerge, only growing more and more vicious as the two princes entered the Life Stage and truly became part of the powerhouses.

The third genius price was still a child when the first two genius princes fought for the throne. The mighty Empire was plunged into civil war. With both sides equally matched, the result was catastrophic, ending in mutual destruction.

With their loss in power, the Empire could no longer hoard and lord upon as large a land area as they did before. The perceived hit to their military might resulted in an invasion of Pranic Beast hordes, culling their population further.

The sole survivor among the royalty was the third genius prince who gathered whatever resources he could and flew the region with his followers. Their Empire land was too dangerous as more than a dozen Gold Grade Pranic Beasts fought for ownership of the place.

They fled to a weak region bereft of resources to create the Sagar Kingdom, which basically consisted of one city. The region's lack of resources meant the strength of Pranic Beasts was equally limited.

But that didn't mean they were useless. They had numbers on their side. Consuming humans resulted in more benefits than the region provided. Hence, they invaded the city daily.

Pretty much everyone with power had participated in the civil war and died in the process, either at the hands of a cultivator from the opposing faction or the horde of Pranic Beasts under the leadership of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts at the end.

Gann-Sagar, the sole surviving prince and royalty of the fallen Empire and the current ruler of Sagar Kingdom. He was only a teen but as the sole cultivator at the Body Stage, the responsibility lay in his hands to protect his people.

"Attack!" Followed by a roar, Gann-Sagar slashed forth with his spear, causing flames to burst and condense into an elongated blade that severed through dozens of Pranic Beasts like a laser. It hardly put a dent in the horde, 'Shit! Why are there so many today?'

The battered wall began to collapse one after another, causing more and more Pranic Beasts to flood the city. As the people screamed in fright from their shelter, Gann-Sagar became more and more desperate, "Fight!"

"Protect everyone!"

"Civilians! Arm yourself!" He roared, "No matter how weak you are, attack the Pranic Beasts. Just keep them at bay long enough for the soldiers to finish them off!"

His cries barely did anything. After all, if they had enough soldiers to fight, the walls wouldn't have been breached in the first place. People began to die in droves, making him despair further.

But when it seemed like their end was near, blood began to drip from the sky like rain, stunning everyone. Suddenly, the Pranic Beasts shredding apart the citizens like paper began to tremble in fright, feeling the presence of an overlord.

"What is happening?" Gann-Sagar was confused by the situation, but he didn't dilly-dally with the thoughts. Upon seeing the Pranic Beasts tremble in fright, he took action, "They're hesitant! Kill them!"

His figure flickered through the streets, efficiently puncturing the heads of the Pranic Beasts one after another, clearly experienced with the process.

As the number of Pranic Beasts rushing through the broken walls stopped, the soldiers were able to catch their breath and focus on eliminating all enemies within the city.

"Grrr!" After puncturing the head of the last Pranic Beast, Gann-Sagar rushed to an intact portion of the city wall and climbed it up, noticing the blood rain grow intense in that short period. When he reached the top, he finally understood the cause.

In the centre of the horde of Pranic Beasts was a girl, a couple of years younger than him. In her hand was a mace, with the shaft attached to a three-metre-long chain. The weapon seemed to be made of bone and was insanely tough.

Holding the end of the shaft, the girl spun like a Beyblade, grinding through the horde like a meat grinder. The bodies of the Pranic Beasts splattered into blood mist upon impact with the mace that seemed to weigh as much as a hill.

It couldn't be defended against, resulting in a slaughter so violent that the blood of the Pranic Beasts fell down like rain, a torrential downpour at that.

The girl seemed to be venting her anger as she continued to spin nonstop, mowing through the horde without a moment's rest, "W-Who is she?"

"Is she human?"

"Can a human even become that strong?"

The soldiers climbed the walls and clamoured at the sight, staring agape at one individual mercilessly slaughtering the horde of Pranic Beasts that numbered in the tens of thousands. She seemed sickly, malnourished even. But despite that, her enemies were like helpless packs of ants crushed under the mighty legs of an elephant.

Even in a human form, the might of an Empyrean Tusk was unsurpassable. When more than half the horde was slaughtered, the remainder fled in fear, bringing an abrupt end to the invasion.

As the soldiers cheered in relief, Gann-Sagar stared at the blood rain trickle down to a halt, commenting upon the individual sanding amidst the land covered in blood as if a bloody river had flooded the region, "She's like a Goddess."

"A Goddess that rains blood."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 135 Two Centuries of Human Life
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What's your name?" Gann-Sagar approached the bloody girl and asked hesitantly.

'I can't risk my name reaching the ears of the Boar King, even by mistake.' Thinking as such, Gannala let out a faint smile and spoke, "Resha, call me Resha."

"Resha?" Gann-Sagar tilted his head in confusion, "I thought you were a girl."

"In my hometown, Resha is a gender-neutral name," Gannala argued. She then dragged her bone mace and walked towards the city, "Do you have a shelter for me to stay?"

"I'm not sure," Gann-Sagar shook his head, "We'll have to see how many buildings remained intact after this invasion. But no matter, you can stay in my home. It's empty anyway."

"Sure," Gannala nodded and observed the soldiers, frowning as she asked, "Who's the leader of this settlement?"

"Me," Gann-Sagar replied, sighing at her judging stare, "Yes, as you might have guessed, I'm the only one at the Body Stage here."

"…weak. I'm surprised your settlement lasted this long." Gannala commented. She then stared at Gann-Sagar, "You seem decent though."

"Haha, thank you." Gann-Sagar smiled wryly. He was trying his best to project a positive image to Gannala in hopes she would stay in their city and help defend it. With her strength, they'll have an easier time surviving.

"Come on, everyone! Break time's over!" Gann-Sagar riled up the citizens, "Let's repair the walls before the Pranic Beasts invade again."

"Haah! Here we go again."

"I'm exhausted."

"I want to sleep. It has been a while since I did that."

"If only we could drink tea like the good old times."

The citizens complained in exhaustion but began to rebuild the walls efficiently. They had done it many times already.

But upon watching their work, Gannala frowned and approached a wall, casually knocking on it to comment upon its collapse, "This won't do."

"These walls would come collapsing easily." She frowned and reached forth into the blood covering the ground. Followed by a clench of her hand into a fist, she tugged with force, causing a pillar of bone to geyser out.

With a snap of her finger, the stream of bone pierced the ground around the walls, forming a basement before they began to create a layer of wall. There were enough corpses to go around fishing for bone.

As Gannala walked around, the bone wall formed behind her. It only took her as much time to fully erect the wall as her walking pace around the city. And when she was done, there was a tough wall surrounding the city, reaching a height of ten metres.

"The bones forming the skeleton of these Pranic Beasts are very weak, so the walls aren't as strong as I would like." She commented, dissatisfied, "I guess I'll have to wait until a stronger Pranic Beast shows up."

She then stared at the workers, "Cover these bone walls with brick and stone, will you? They are too eye-catching."

"W-Who are you?" Gann-Sagar voiced the shock of his people, "How can you make something so massive in such a short time?"

"It's nothing that great. All my people can do the same." Gannala shrugged, "As for my identity…well,"

"You can think of me as the fallen princess of an ancient clan."

And that was the fated encounter between Gann-Sagar and Gannala. The duo formed a powerful team to defend the Sagar Kingdom, stabilising it over the next two centuries.

Gann-Sagar practiced a Gold Grade cultivation technique of his fallen Empire. The material he fused with was an Agnarate, a liquid-like flaming material that solidifies and hardens over extreme heat. In terms of material quality, it was almost Gold-Grade, thereby granting him many centuries of lifespan.

In these two centuries, Gann-Sagar and Gannala had plenty of kids in an effort to repopulate Sagar Kingdom. Their kids spread throughout the growing kingdom and started their families.

By the sixth generation, at the end of two centuries, more than ninety percent of the population was related to Gannala by blood.

"I'm sorry, Resha. This is my end." Gann-Sagar wheezed in pain as he lay on his bed, old, reaching the end of his lifespan. Even though the cultivation technique he cultivated was spectacular and the material he used to build his Human Avatar was equally impressive, he couldn't live long.

After all, the material, Agnarate didn't exist in Sagar Kingdom. It only existed in the volcanic mountain that was present in the centre of his fallen Empire. That became a den to a family of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts.

As a result, he couldn't even head there to harvest more Agnarate. In the end, he didn't even finish building his body. Two hundred years was already his limit.

Staring at Gannala, he gently touched her cheek, "From day one, I realised you were different from the rest of us. I haven't seen you consume any resources to build a body. But despite that, you have only grown stronger and stronger. And even after two centuries, you look like you're only in your early twenties."

"Before my death, can I know the truth?" Gann-Sagar asked, "That's my last request as a foolish King."

"You're not foolish," Gannala held his hand and spoke in seriousness, "Don't ever call yourself that, okay? You did everything in your power to protect your people."

"There's that habit of yours once again, treating everyone as weaklings requiring your protection." He wheezed, "Are you truly a Goddess that descended from heaven to protect us?"

"I'm not something that grand," Gannala sighed and revealed the truth, "I'm an Empyrean Tusk."

"Empyrean Tusk…?" Gann-Sagar felt like he heard her wrong, "Are you from the legendary Mammoth Clan?"

"Yes, but I'm also an Empyrean Tusk," Gannala spoke.

"Hahaha!" Gann-Sagar laughed as he closed his eyes and breathed his last, sporting a smile until the very end, "So, my wife was an actual Goddess. That's reassuring."

"Protect our people, alright?"

"I will," Gannala patted his forehead, her eyes streaming with tears, "Go peacefully. If there's an afterlife, I'll join you there eventually."

Gann-Sagar's Human Avatar naturally combusted his body upon death, not even leaving any ashes behind. Gannala stared at the spot on the bed where he originally lay and remained still like a statue for a good couple of days, reminiscing her past two centuries living as a human, "It comes to an end now."

She exited the castle that they had built together and peered out into the large palace grounds, observing the tens of thousands of people gathered there, announcing, "Your King is dead."

"And today, we march into a new horizon." She proclaimed and finally let go of her human form, becoming an Empyrean Tusk once again, this time for permanent.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 136 100-Year Path
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Sagar Kingdom had no future due to a lack of resources. To date, despite its stabilisation over two centuries, the sole cultivator at the Body Stage was Gann-Sagar.

Even iron, the most common material used to build Human Avatars was lacking here. Forget entering the Body Stage, the nutrient content in the crops grown in the region was so lacking that ingesting it didn't even fully satisfy their body's nutrition requirements, not to mention converting that into Prana.

Therefore, their cultivation was slow, often staggeringly dead, with the strongest among them barely hitting eighty Prana.

The density of energy in the food was abysmally lacking. Therefore, even if one stuffed themselves to the brim and digested to the limits of their daily consumption, they still wouldn't be getting enough nutrients.

It was a stark contrast from their previous home, the fallen Empire. The land was bountiful there, the grown crops not only gave a high yield but were also rich with nutrients, causing Prana to be built up in people naturally over time, even if they didn't cultivate.

That wasn't an option in Sagar Kingdom. If there existed at least one Parute Tree, they could have nurtured some cultivators to the Body Stage. But that was simply a big question of 'if.'

Gannala didn't wish them to reach the Body Stage either, which was another factor. It was because over ninety percent of Sagar Kingdom people were connected to her by blood. They were her descendants.

For a Pranic Beast to create a Ravaged Tribe, centuries upon centuries were required. Time, patience, luck, and a necessity for evolution were what created a Ravaged Tribe successfully.

But that was because the only connection between the Pranic Beast and the humans part of the Ravaged Tribe was the Pranic Beast's imprint in their Spirit Containers. Therefore, evolution took time.

It was different for Gannala. Her targets were basically people connected to her by blood. Therefore, they were already family in the first place.

Even though none were aware, since she had never activated it, they were all part of her Ravaged Tribe already.

Her actions were also why Gann-Sagar called himself a foolish king. Because he wasn't competent enough to give them a future where they could stay as Free Humans. Hence, once he saw his kids settling throughout the city to create their families under Gannala's instruction, he gave in to his fate.

He wasn't wise enough to offer his people a future as Free Humans. Therefore, he surrendered himself to Gannala's plans, as that was the next best thing.

There was one last step left for Gannala's Ravaged Tribe to become Clansmen. And that was to be accepted by an Empyrean Tusk and made part of its immune system. From then on, they would become Mammoth Clansmen.

Her human form morphed, revealing a baby Empyrean Tusk that was the same size as a baby elephant. She would have to grow as an Empyrean Tusk from scratch.

But her strength remained in her, thanks to her two centuries of accumulation as a human. Therefore, her Prana values were already close to completion. She only needed to grow her body to fully realise the potential of her strength.

Gannala's Empyrean Tusk form was a tsunami of hope that washed through the people. After all, the majority of them were related to her by blood. Hence in extension, they were related to an Empyrean Tusk, the Pranic Beast that stood at the peak of Sumatra Continent, worshipped as a Deity by many races, including, but not limited to, Mammoth Clansmen.

And upon seeing her Empyrean Tusk appearance and feeling her Empyrean Tusk presence at full brunt, their Spirit Containers reacted, instinctively making them realise what they had to do next—nurture Gannala's growth until she was ready to accept them as part of her Mammoth Clan.

For the next eighty years, the Sagar Kingdom people zealously helped bring her resources, collected from far away. Plants, nutrient-rich soil, Pranic Beasts, etc.

Anything Gannala required was brought by them. Once her body had grown enough, Gannala ventured out on expeditions, accompanied by large armies of people as they hunted and gathered resources from various regions.

During the process, once her body reached a kilometre in height, a couple of Parute Trees began to grow in the biome forming in her stomach. That was a cause for celebration.

And at the end of eighty years, since she revealed her Empyrean Tusk form, Gannala finished growing fully as an Empyrean Tusk. Of course, she hadn't realised her potential, for the damage sustained at the Sandy-Grey Void and her de-ageing process stunted her growth.

But that didn't stop her. For, she believed that even if she failed to achieve it, one of her successors might inherit her path. She only needed to create enough variables to make that happen.

On that day, she accepted 86 people as her Mammoth Clansmen, selectively picky about it. Exactly a year later, 43 baby girls were born in her Settlement.

By using up a large portion of her essence, she turned the 86 people into those with the Fragment Disease. They were the ones that were highly attuned to her bloodline, almost born with the Fragment Disease naturally.

She had been gearing the relationships of every one according to their genetic compatibility, raising this probability. In the end, she obtained 86 candidates, all of whom succeeded, a success rate unprecedented among Empyrean Tusks.

The success rate was barely one percent and plenty of factors affected the result. A good majority of the time, the born baby dies quickly due to genetic defects.

As the Supreme Tusk, Gannala was empowered with a lot more power than a regular Empyrean Tusk. Moreover, she worked on her direct descendants, performing everything necessary to raise the success rate to the maximum.

43 baby Empyrean Tusks were successfully birthed, and healthy. Unfortunately, their parents became collateral to the success.

Once the baby girls were born, Gannala conducted the inheritance ceremony, naming them all before granting them everything necessary to be an Empyrean Tusk.

Of course, she excluded the information behind the births of Empyrean Tusks, unwilling to do anything that would alert the Boar King. After all, by the time these 43 Empyrean Tusks matured and grew strong enough to birth more of their kind, the Boar King would have become even more terrifying.

Even now, having consumed enough Primary Natures of Empyrean Tusks, the Boar King was able to hear the cries of a baby Empyrean Tusk. Therefore, it was a dangerous risk to undertake.

The other herd in Sumatra Continent had already sustained some damage based on the information she had collected. Their population was shrinking slowly thanks to the Boar King's relentless pursuit and hunt.

Gannala brought the 43 baby girls to the biome in her stomach and made them become Empyrean Tusks prematurely in a response to ensure they never remember about them being birthed as humans.

That was how the secret would remain a secret. Sixty years later, 43 Empyrean Tusks appeared in Sagar Kingdom. Alongside Gannala, they divided the people of Sagar Kingdom into 44 portions, making them their respective Mammoth Clansmen.

By now, hundred percent of the population were related to Gannala by blood. After living low for another sixty years, they accumulated strength.

Eventually, four centuries after the establishment of Sagar Kingdom, 44 Empyrean Tusks emerged, trampling the abandoned Sagar Kingdom to ruins, erasing all traces of their existence there as they ventured into Sumatra Continent, picking a route far away from the other herd's route.

That was the start of their infamous hundred-year travel path mentioned repeatedly in Sumatra Chronicles.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 137 Mystic Grade Requirements
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Approximately two millennia since Brangara became the Boar King; followed by a flash of energy currents, an ethereal entity manifested atop Sumatra Continent.

It was a humanoid with an octopus-shaped head. The tentacles on his chin dangled like infinite rivers, turning more and more transparent the farther away from him they got, until they trailed into one of the celestial worlds hovering high up in the sky.

Mystic Grade Transcendent—Empyrean Tentacle!

Renduldu had returned to upkeep his promise to the Mammoth Clan. He first headed to the other continent where the stronger Empyrean Tusk herd had ventured into. But that was an old generation.

It had already been two millennia since then. The herd was entirely replaced by another generation, all unfamiliar with him. Following that, he returned to Sumatra Continent and spotted a herd with 62 Empyrean Tusks.

The original number of 88 had dropped to 62. And none of these 62 were from the original generation. They were successors to the survivors of the previous generation.

"This place is completely unfamiliar to me now." Renduldu sighed, "Two thousand years is indeed a long time, even though it felt like nothing up there."

He scanned around Sumatra Continent, unable to sense his race out in the open anymore. While searching for the Iron Empyrean Tentacle, he chanced upon the Boar King.

The Boar King had already devoured the Iron Empyrean Tentacle and now possessed its Primary Nature. Due to that, no Iron Empyrean Tentacle ever appeared on Sumatra Continent. This was his plan to ensure a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle would never appear and fight for his seat as the supreme existence of Sumatra Continent.

The Gold Empyrean Tentacle was in the hands of the Mammoth Clan Chief leading the herd of 62 Empyrean Tusks—Raaha. He had fused with it.

His emergence was what stopped the merciless slaughter of the Empyrean Tusk herd, allowing balance to be attained by thwarting the Boar King's attacks repeatedly.

Just as Renduldu planned to return dejectedly to the Transcendent World, he felt the presence of the Silver Empyrean Tentacle. At the end of the path was Yahard Tusk, Settlement Leader of the 43rd Empyrean Tusk—Harrala.

"There's another Empyrean Tusk herd here?" He then noticed a certain individual moving at the back of the herd, old, weak, helpless, shouting in shock, "G-Gannala?"

"What…what happened to you?" His figure hovered before her eyes in disbelief as he felt her presence, "You…how is this possible?"

"Why are you weaker than an Empyrean Tusk when you're supposed to be their strongest to exist in history?"

He touched her eyelid gently, communicating with her. As a Transcendent, he was no longer limited like before, able to communicate freely with any lifeform he wished to.

[Uncle Renduldu…? You're back! Just like you said you will!]

Hearing her cheerful voice, Renduldu teared up in nostalgia, "How were you, Gannala?"

Currently, he arrived as a form of energy, detectable only to the individuals he revealed himself to. He couldn't arrive with his true body, as Transcendents weren't allowed to a lower world, for they were too powerful.

[Brangara has become a menace! He's hunting us nonstop! I'm doing my best to hide my existence until now. He has learnt about the existence of this herd but isn't aware of me being alive yet. I have ensured we don't run into him!]

"I'm not concerned about a mere boar, Gannala. I'm worried about you." Renduldu spoke in seriousness, "Why…are you this weak? I was hoping you would have become a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast by now and was preparing to become a Transcendent."

[To survive, I had to turn my path murky. It's impossible for me to become a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast anymore! Hence, I have been accumulating strength all along. You have arrived at the perfect time. Take a look at my seven wondrous kids!'

"Hmm…" Renduldu observed seven babies on the 44th Settlement, sensing fearsome energy levels fluctuating over the baby bodies, undetectable to all lifeforms at Sumatra. Only he, a Transcendent could sense them, muttering in shock, "You…have installed a path in them all?"

[Yes! I carefully influenced my Mammoth Clan to selectively breed for the finest and most suitable offspring to be birthed, generation after generation. And in every generation, I infused a tinge of my essence in them. That's why my strength dropped so drastically, because I was burning my path to construct one in them. Every Mammoth Clansman possessed a brick that was passed down through the generations, accumulating in the bodies of successors in different forms to forge their own paths. In the end, the paths finished forming completely in these seven children!]

"Seven Paths to the Mystic Grade," Renduldu grinned in hype, "You're something else, Gannala. So, you're telling me these seven could pretty much create seven ways for an Empyrean Tusk to attain the Mystic Grade? If I hadn't seen it myself, I wouldn't have believed it. Even my race only has one path."

[It's not a guarantee yet! I want you to check and tell. The size of their paths varies a lot!]

"I see…" Renduldu frowned. By splitting Gannala's path into a hundred fragments, or a hundred bricks, he calculated the size of the paths of the seven children. A glance at them, and he knew their names, muttering.

"Resha, 27 bricks. This is a robust path. I can see that it'll succeed with a guarantee."

"Orakha, 20 bricks. This is a pretty solid path. The outcome seems interesting too."

"Yennda, 2 Bricks. I never thought such a small path was possible. It seems the most fragile too."

"Grehha, 14 bricks. This is by far the most stable path of them all, but it's also the slowest. I feel even an Empyrean Tusk's lifespan would prove insufficient."

"Blola, 4 bricks. It's mostly geared by luck and relies too much on chance. It's barely possible but I don't see this ever being achieved."

"Inala, 16 bricks. It's a versatile path with a lot of substitutes. It feels the easiest to achieve of them all, even though it's not as stable as Resha's."

"Virala, 17 bricks. Hmm, that's surprising. This is extremely unstable. It can either result in resounding success or a blatant disaster."

[What do you think?]

"All seven paths are genuine," Renduldu nodded, "But I feel Resha's has the most likelihood chance of success. Though, I do get the feeling the success of all paths is reliant on me."

[You're correct. I made them with the assumption of your arrival. After I inferred the requirements of your race's and Empyrean Boar's to attain Mystic Grade, I figured out the last component required for Empyrean Tusks!]

Apart from a plethora of conditions, there existed the final component. It was the last piece of the puzzle and also the most difficult to attain.

For the Empyrean Tentacle, the experiences, memories, personalities, and Natures of all three Empyrean Tentacles must be condensed into one. Once done so, the entity reaches Mystic Grade.

For the Empyrean Boar, one must ingest the Primary Nature of all its brethren and activate it to attract a Bolt of Transcendence. Attracting the Bolt of Transcendence was the highlight here. If the number of Primary Natures of the Emyrean Boar were lacking, the bolt wouldn't be attracted; it resulted in a failure.

For the Empyrean Tusk, one must live in two different realities. This meant that any Empyrean Tusk that wishes to reach the Mystic Grade must head to another world at the very least to live in another reality. That was impossible.

The various continents were part of one world. Even leaving Sumatra Continent wasn't easy, not to mention heading to another world.

The Transcendent Worlds were considered another world, but reaching it was impossible. Therefore, the only other possibility was…

"My power," Renduldu was surprised as he stared at Gannala, "It'll be tough, even for me. I can't bring anyone that isn't a Transcendent to the Transcendent Worlds."

[But you must know of a nascent world whose laws haven't finished forming yet. Bring them there!]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 138 Inala Wakes Up
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I know of one such world." Renduldu nodded, "It's a Transcendent World that has barely begun to form. Some weak creatures without powers have already appeared in that world. I can bring them there, but not their bodies. That's too risky."

"Sumatra would reject them during the return trip." Renduldu said, "For safety reasons, I'll bring their souls with me."

He then stared at Resha and changed his mind, "But I'd like to use my ability on him first. I'm curious about what the future holds in store. His future is the clearest."

After collecting the souls of the six babies, Renduldu touched Resha and activated his power. In an instant, he experienced Resha's entire future, until the moment he was killed by the Boar King.

"I see, so that's what happens." Renduldu sighed.

[What happened?]

"Brangara basically steals all your accumulation in the end, grows even more terrifying, and annihilates your herd. It wasn't available in Resha's future, but I can guess what happens next since I can feel it." Renduldu spoke, "He kills the other herd and fills his Astral Chart with Internal Inertial Gravity. He then heads into the nearby continent to kill the Empyrean Tusk herd there. And by the end, he reaches the peak of cultivation and becomes a Transcendent."

"Even in the Transcendent World, he continues to hunt the Mammoth Clan."

[As I thought, he's too dangerous!]

"Well, it hasn't happened yet, so don't worry. Besides, a good enemy only makes you stronger, if you can survive, that is." Renduldu said in seriousness, "Trust me, you will require all that experience before becoming a Transcendent. Because once you reach my stage, your growth halts entirely."

Since he had used his power, his body began to disperse. Now that he had seen Resha's future, he made some changes to his plans and extracted the souls of the parents of all seven children.

Renduldu patted Gannala gently and disappeared, "I'll return soon."

Travelling through space and time, he arrived at Earth, inserting the souls of everyone into the bodies of people there. By making the native souls dormant, he made the souls he brought remain active, hence controlling the body and living through that life.

This way, the souls also inherited all skills, talents, and memories of the native bodies.

Renduldu could only do so on bodies compatible with the souls he carried. Hence, he couldn't simply plant them in the bodies of the best that humanity on Earth could offer.

He made a family with Resha's parents and lived there as a native. And once he grew up, he began to write a book titled, "Sumatra Chronicles."

It was a decent hit with a sizeable following. And through a bit of targeted ads, Renduldu ensured the eyes of everyone—from Sumatra—fell on Sumatra Chronicles.

Even though the parents couldn't recall their past lives, they were still drawn to Sumatra Chronicles. Of course, they weren't the target of Renduldu's power. They were simply brought as guardians to ensure the six kids were safe.

He monitored the comments from the accounts used by Inala and the rest. And eventually, the day for the ending arrived. The comments from many readers were full of anger and hate at the abrupt ending.

But the ones from Inala and the five others took the cake. They didn't understand the reason they were so enamoured by Sumatra Chronicles to the extent it became a distinct part of their lives.

In truth, it was merely their souls longing for their home world. No matter how treacherous it might be, that was the world these souls belonged to. Hence, Sumatra Chronicles resonated with them intensely.

The consequence of that was the horrible negative reviews they left.

Even though Renduldu tried his best to maintain his composure, he was currently occupying a human body. As a result, he was pissed.

He left his human body and barged into Inala's room to pummel the latter. By making it seem like a challenge, he brought everyone to Sumatra Continent, the six reincarnates and the 14 parents.

It had barely been an hour at Sumatra Continent. Upon arrival, Renduldu dumped the souls back in their original bodies.

He used his power to shed his experience living on Earth and inserted it into Resha, only to the extent he attained the qualification of living in two realities. Of course, his ability suppressed and erased all that over time, ensuring Resha only retained the qualification.

This was to prevent his soul from being corrupted.

"It's done, Gannala." He said, sensing Gannala read through the memories of the seven babies and their respective parents. He asked once she was done going through them all, "How is it?"

[I'll try my best!]

"Good," Renduldu patted her once before disappearing, "I'll be waiting for you in the Transcendent World. It'll take me another two millennia to return here like this, but I won't bother."

[I understand! Thank you very much, uncle! It was fun to see you again!]

Gannala lifted her trunk and coiled it around Renduldu, slowly pulling his tentacle like she did when young.

"Hahaha!" Renduldu's voice echoed and subsided gradually. He had already returned to the Transcendent World.

He had paid a sharp price to descend down to Sumatra Continent and make that trip to another world. So, it was unlikely he would do something like that ever again, especially since he had no incentive to do so.

Gannala was the sole familiar individual here. And after another two millennia, she too would be no more. Sumatra Continent would be no different to a foreign world for Renduldu by then.

Gannala observed Bora Tusk approach the parents of Resha and others, speaking to them in private about Gannala reaching the end of her lifespan.

He gave them his Eight-Storey Storage Lantern, teaching them a bunch of Skills and knowledge necessary for their mission. A month of preparations later, the parents of the seven babies left the Settlement in search of a baby Empyrean Tusk.

Bora Tusk labelled the group of 14 parents as missing-in-action. The Mammoth Clan at the 44th Settlement then raised Resha and the group as orphans.

As the babies grew and reached the age of 10, they joined the Academy of Refinement and became Death Row students. The side effects of the soul transfer caused them to feel a disconnect from the world the moment their memories on Earth resurfaced. But in truth, they were true Mammoth Clansmen.

And they possessed the bloodline of Gannala—Fragment Disease—to the utmost concentration, not to mention the paths to Mystic Grade that she gave her everything over a period of two millennia to create with detailed hope and care.

On the day Resha recalled his past life and the remaining six reincarnates remembered their life on Earth, the story began in the truest sense.

Drip! Drip!

Tears streamed out of Inala's eyes as he woke up from his long slumber, having finished comprehending the knowledge and memories he gained from Gannala. "That means…"

"My parents are dead."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 139 I’m A Genuine Mammoth Clansman
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Sumatra Chronicles was pretty much a recount of the future Renduldu had seen through his future sight ability. His goal was to bring back the reincarnates.

But, to make it seem like an action he took in anger upon seeing the negative reviews, Renduldu hid the truth from them.

This meant that the lives of Inala and the other five reincarnates were simply edited out in Sumatra Chronicles, to hide the truth. That resulted in a sad conclusion. In Sumatra Chronicles, Resha's parents returned after the First Major Disaster with a baby Empyrean Tusk in tow.

They seemed distraught due to whatever they had experienced during the mission. A few days later, after teaching Resha all the Skills they had gained during the mission, they committed suicide.

Sumatra Chronicles didn't go into details. However, it did mention that since Resha's parents were the sole survivors from their group, they felt obligated to visit the rest in the afterlife. Their experiences during the mission only wore them down and stretched their sense of guilt to the extreme.

Resha respected their sacrifice because their arrival gave hope to the Mammoth Clan.

But now, Inala knew the entire truth. The so-called group that accompanied Resha's parents were the parents of the six reincarnates, their genuine parents. And they had died during the mission, since the baby they stole belonged to the other Empyrean Tusk herd.

To not bring the other herd's wrath onto their Clansmen, Resha's parents committed suicide upon succeeding in their mission. It was to erase their traces from the settlement.

And since the two Empyrean Tusk herds didn't have any intersection paths along their route, they would never confront each other. It was the thought process that played in their minds moments before death. They were satisfied since they had succeeded in the mission they had set out to achieve.

The ones that were his parents on Earth and in Sumatra were the same individuals. But as abruptly as his reincarnation, their deaths too happened.

Since they were part of the group that had stolen an Empyrean Tusk baby, the herd would have given chase. His parents had become martyrs during their escape.

Inala was sad. He was close to his parents. No matter how much they were disappointed by his shut-in nature on Earth, they still created assets in his name to ensure he could live a comfortable life just through interest and rental income.

They wouldn't have done that if they didn't love their child. And even in Sumatra, they gave their lives to fight for the future of the settlement where Inala lived, fully aware of Gannala's approaching death.

'What the fuck was I doing all along?' Inala admonished himself, 'I believed that I could live alone and not be stuck to the Mammoth Clan as long as baby Gannala grew up. We could travel wherever we wanted on our own, unfettered. Shit!'

The moment he went through the memories gained from the previous Gannala, the sense of disconnect he felt with Sumatra vanished. He truly was a denizen of this world, born at the 44th Settlement to his parents, Gahar and Chanya.

The Mammoth Clan was where he belonged. It was his home. He was a true Mammoth Clansman, by flesh, blood, and soul. 'I will and should fight for my people. Even though they aren't there anymore, I'll be a son they can be proud of.'

'I have disappointed them on Earth already. At least here, in the world of Sumatra that I always dreamed about, I'll become someone they can be proud of.' Inala got up and wiped his tears, "I'll fight to my utmost and succeed."

"The Mammoth Clan wouldn't be annihilated."

He looked around, noticing that he was alone in the room. Getting up, he entered the adjacent room, watching the figure of Asaeya asleep, cuddling baby Gannala who seemed to have grown considerably since he last saw her.

The moment he entered the room, she seemed to have sensed his presence as baby Gannala woke up and squealed happily, "Dada!"

Inala approached baby Gannala and picked her up, ending up using his Internal Inertial Gravity at full strength, commenting, "You've grown heavier."

"Uwaa!"

"I'm not calling you fat." Inala smiled wryly, accepting baby Gannala as his daughter, 'It's time I stopped being narrow-minded. Let's just forget Oyo ever existed. Thinking about her only angers me, so I won't do that.'

He cradled her and approached the room with Life Bombs, noticing their level of depletion to calculate, "I was unconscious for four months?"

"Gua!"

"Are you hungry?" Inala caused a Life Bomb to fly towards him as he transformed his hands into Empyrean Zinger Claws and poked a hole, watching the fluid within seep out like a river stream and enter baby Gannala's mouth.

She was sucking it casually, experienced with the task. In a matter of seconds, she had finished a Life Bomb.

Inala continued to feed her until she was satisfied, using up another twenty Life Bombs, 'She has a voracious appetite.'

He then closed his eyes and concentrated upon his Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity, no longer able to sense the Boar King, 'He must have gone far away.'

"Inala…?" Asaeya's voice resounded as she woke up and observed baby Gannala no longer next to her. She got up and arrived at the room with the Life Bombs, for a moment surprised before hugging him in relief, "You've finally woken up!"

"I was anxious all along!"

"I'm sorry," Inala apologised and observed her. Dark eye circles, unstable Spirit Container, a malnourished body, unkempt hair, etc. She was a mess.

She hadn't had proper sleep for the past four months, having had to take care of baby Gannala nonstop. Her worries ensured she couldn't even eat and cultivate in peace, causing her mental health to take a dip.

Living in the Sandy-Grey Void further took a toll on her. Even though the luminescent crystals within their home kept her surroundings bright, but when she peered out of the Prana Bomb home, all she saw was absolute darkness.

That was terrifying. It felt like the thin walls of their house were all that protected them from endless horrors out there. The fact that she had to constantly pour the fluids within Prana Bombs on the walls to mend them only added to her worries.

The Sandy-Grey Void was constantly eating through the walls of their home. Sometimes, even cracks appeared, terrifying her. Every time this happened, she had to pour more of the Prana Bomb fluid on them. Only after the walls regrew to become thick enough could she be a bit relieved. But the entire ordeal stressed her endlessly, especially since at the start, she panicked, wondering if Inala's plan worked.

Otherwise, the Boar King would find them. She faced nightmares daily, of the Boar King finding them. Had this gone on for a few more months, her Spirit Container would have shattered.

"You're awake…You're awake! You finally woke up!" Asaeya repeated like a broken record and refused to let go of Inala, hugging him tightly.

She had been traumatised.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 140 Seven Paths
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You won't fall unconscious abruptly, right?"

"I won't."

"Are you healthy now?"

"I am."

"Your head isn't spinning or anything, right?"

"I'm perfectly fine."

"The Boar King won't be showing up, right?"

"He won't, not after the spanking I gave him."

"You're really really alright?"

"I am, Asaeya." Inala consoled a traumatised Asaeya. His left hand held baby Gannala who had fallen asleep once again. His right patted Asaeya and rubbed her back, consoling her with his warmth.

Despite being a Settlement Leader's daughter and having had intensive training from a young age, Asaeya was only thirteen years old. She was merely a child.

Had she been on an Empyrean Tusk, no matter what came her way, she could endure it, for she gained strength just by being in the presence of her Spiritual Pillar, her Deity, the 43rd Empyrean Tusk.

But being on the ground in a faraway land, buried deep in the Sandy-Grey Void added to her stress. And the longer she remained there, the greater her stress grew.

She was afraid, experiencing hallucinations of the Boar King gobbling up everyone nonstop.

"He won't be here, I assure you." Inala continued to console her, "You might not know this, but the Boar King is afraid of me. I spanked his ass recently. So, he won't come anywhere near my vicinity. The next time he comes, I'll tell him to not bother Asaeya and spank him again. He's terrified of me that much."

"Pfft! Haha!" Asaeya laughed in the end, "Really? The Boar King's afraid of you?"

"Of course," Inala grinned, "And he'll become more and more terrified of me in the future."

"Just wait," He boasted, "In the future, when you come across him, just shout my name. Before his brain could even process the shout, he would be running away. My name alone will terrify him."

Inala Nature—The Boar King's Absolute Fear!

Well, it was absolute bullshit, but Inala had to spin such lies to make Asaeya recover. It would take a while but he was confident in healing her back to normal.

'There's two more months left before our stockpile here runs out.' He thought, 'We'll begin training to regain our strength in this time.'

Currently, the bodies of both Inala and Asaeya were malnourished. Asaeya lost weight due to stress while Inala was unconscious and hence couldn't upkeep his bulky body, even when Asaeya fed him the fluid from a Prana Bomb frequently.

After a week of consolation, Asaeya recovered enough to resume training. Inala acted no different from a monkey during this time, his antics causing her to break into laughter all the time, making the atmosphere of the place cheerful.

They then began to train in full swing.

Inala had completely comprehended the two memory clusters he gained from the previous Gannala. The first cluster detailed the Boar King's life, from his birth to when he became the Boar King.

Undrakha had extracted everything from Brangara during their torture sessions. That knowledge was available within the inheritance the 1st Empyrean Tusk of that time had given to Gannala.

The Boar King's power, character, habits, history, Primary Natures, etc. The data about his Primary and Tertiary Natures was detailed to the extreme, fully allowing Inala to understand how the Boar King became who he was.

The second cluster contained the previous Gannala's life journey, from her birth to her death. The main point of importance was her interaction with Undrakha and Renduldu. There was also the information Gannala received from the Bolt of Transcendence, not to mention the seven paths she had developed and the process she went through to achieve it.

His Mystic Skill Creator was firing up nonstop, as there was a lot of material to work with here for the creation of new Skills. Inala held himself back because the time wasn't right yet.

Simply creating a bunch of Skills was a waste of time and effort. He already had eleven Skills and one Prime Skill. Adding more would simply weaken him.

After all, if he was in a pinch in the future, he would hesitate a moment, unable to decide what Skill to use since he would have at least a few Skills that were appropriate to use in the situation. That would be a foolish way to shoot himself in the foot.

Instead, he would first have to finalise the direction of his fighting style. Following that, he would condense and reorganise his set of Skills to optimise his survival.

Prime Skill—Empyrean Slip!

By activating it, he touched baby Gannala. Since he was her father, she automatically granted him access, allowing him to appear in the void and observe the mountainous clusters of information strewn around.

That was the inheritance received from the previous Gannala. As baby Gannala grows, she will eventually unlock this inheritance bit by bit and obtain everything the previous Gannala possessed.

This included memories, Skills an Empyrean Tusk used, the fighting techniques developed by Gannala and all Empyrean Tusks before her, etc.

Gannala had received an inheritance from 188 Empyrean Tusks. She was at a calibre superior to the other Empyrean Tusks, for even at birth, she was significantly more evolved, hence given the name of Gannala which meant Supreme Tusk in their language.

Baby Gannala wasn't exactly a Supreme Tusk, but she currently possessed the path prepared by Gannala in Inala, the path with 16 bricks as stated by Renduldu.

As she was Inala's child, she inherited the path present in him. The path wasn't meant for Inala to attain the Mystic Grade status. No, he was simply the medium through which his child, an Empyrean Tusk would attain the Mystic Grade status.

Through the Empyrean Slip Prime Skill, Inala observed the cluster that was related to the path. It seemed the largest and most complex of all memory clusters, spanning a size beyond which he could even handle.

Inala's mind would explode by the time he absorbed a hundredth of the cluster. Only an Empyrean Tusk's mind could possess such voluminous information.

At present, all the information clusters were sealed, as baby Gannala wasn't old enough to access them yet. Therefore, if Inala were to access them, he would destroy the seal and harm baby Gannala's mental growth.

Hence, he returned to reality after looking around for a bit, silent as he pondered deeply. For some reason, he couldn't forget Brangara's Tertiary Nature of Cultivator.

He stared at baby Gannala, 'The moment she transforms into an Empyrean Tusk, that's final. She could no longer become human. To do so, she would have to burn her growth and sacrifice her potential, just as the previous Gannala had done.'

'But, if she has the Nature of Cultivator, she could transform back and forth between human and Empyrean Tusk forms. Moreover, by cultivating, she could become many times stronger once she enters the Life Stage.' He thought.

The cultivation journey of a Pranic Beast ended at maturity. In a cultivator's term, that was hitting the peak of the Body Stage. Hence, no matter how strong a Pranic Beast was, it only had one life.

That was why the Boar King was so terrifying, as he possessed multiple lives. Since he had the information regarding it, Inala couldn't help but think about it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 141 Royalty and Cultivator
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inala was currently an Empyrean Zinger. But, he wasn't a true Empyrean Zinger.

That was because he could only transform into an Empyrean Zinger. While in his transformed state, he expended Prana to remain in that form. Therefore, he was limited in how long he could remain transformed as an Empyrean Zinger.

But an Empyrean Zinger Pranic Beast lived without such a limitation. After all, it was in its actual body.

This was the major difference between a cultivator and Pranic Beast. The Tertiary Nature of Cultivator allowed Brangara to freely switch forms between human and Empyrean Boar King.

Both were his actual bodies and hence, he didn't expend any Prana in either form. That level of freedom further contributed to his strength.

He could live, eat, shit, and cultivate as a human. He could live, eat, shit, and cultivate as an Empyrean Boar King. There was no drawback in either form.

Inala's Primary Nature of Royalty was similar, but all it did was allow him to change forms between male and female versions of himself. In his male form, he was an Empyrean Zinger King. And in his female form, he was an Empyrean Zinger Queen.

Both Royalty and Cultivator were equal in terms of power, but they differed in application. The Nature of Cultivator allowed a Pranic Beast to take on a human form and cultivate like a human, gaining many lives after entering the Life Stage.

The Nature of Royalty allowed the Prana Bomb to mutate into its higher version, a Life Bomb.

In the Life Stage, a cultivator could build multiple bodies and possess many lives. A cultivator at the 4-Life Stage had four bodies and four lives.

If needed, that cultivator could make his four bodies travel in different directions. While fleeing in a battle, by splitting himself into four and running in different directions, he could save himself.

As long as a single body was alive, he too would survive. And as long as he had enough resources, he could cultivate and enter the Life Stage once again. All bodies created at the Life Stage were actual bodies of the cultivator.

That wasn't the end of it. Life Stage granted a cultivator power unlike other stages. It was an overpowered concept.

If the cultivator at 4-Life Stage remained a single entity, it meant his four selves were stacked into one. Meaning, the strength, power, mental ability, reaction time, speed, etc. were all stacked upon each other.

It wasn't a simple addition of one plus one equals two. With four stacking, the cultivator's strength didn't simply increase by four times.

No!

He had four times more strength. But add that to four times speed, reflex, muscle density, etc. the end result was an exponential increase in power.

This continued to stack until the 10-Life Stage where even cultivators that had made Human Avatars out of iron became powerhouses that could face a Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

The exponential stacking of power was what led to this. That was the reason why Brangara became the Boar King, a terrifying Mystic Grade Pranic Beast.

His strength and potential as a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast surpassed the likes of Mystic Empyrean Tentacles.

That was because, despite being a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle only had one body.

But if Brangara were to reach the 10-Life Stage, he would possess ten bodies. The difference between their power would be heaven and earth.

It was why even at the 3-Life Stage, the Boar King was capable of fighting against 43 Empyrean Tusks and their associated Mammoth Clan to a draw.

Had he been at the 4-Life Stage, the herd would have been annihilated, as simple as that. It was why Resha died a dog's death at the end of Sumatra Chronicles, unable to even scratch the Boar King.

Inala wanted to make baby Gannala obtain the Nature of Cultivator. That would easily birth the strongest Empyrean Tusk to ever exist.

Undrakha had similar thoughts back then, which was why they kept Brangara in captivity and brought him with them as they left Sumatra Continent. The research was underway already, but they met with lots of obstacles along the way.

In the end, they didn't succeed because Brangara became a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, the Empyrean Boar King. He escaped and caused the research to halt.

It was known whether the Mammoth Clan continued the research after reaching the other continent. Maybe they never recovered after most of the researchers died when the Bolt of Transcendence hit Brangara, vaporising everything in its path, including the researchers.

But except for the data collected in the last two years, pretty much everything else was passed to Gannala by the then-1st Empyrean Tusk through an inheritance.

And now, that information was with him, since he obtained it from the previous Gannala through his Empyrean Slip Prime Skill.

Since there was enough research data about gaining the Nature of Cultivator, Inala wished to continue in their footsteps and succeed. He didn't know about other Empyrean Tusks, but baby Gannala was his daughter.

Meaning, he could influence her, since she was his blood. With the help of the Empyrean Slip Prime Skill and Mystic Skill Creator, Inala had the means to figure out a solution.

As long as baby Gannala obtains the Nature of Cultivator, she can seclude herself as a human in a massive Human Empire and accumulate strength using their resources.

With a lifespan of two millennia, she had more than enough time to build her strength to the peak and reach the 10-Life Stage.

Inala intended to kill the Boar King long before that. But just in case he failed, there would be someone strong enough to kill him in the far future.

Baby Gannala could continue his research results and maybe even pass it down to the Empyrean Tusks she births. As long as a bunch of Empyrean Tusks possess the Nature of Cultivator, they'll become terrifying enough to give even peak Brangara a challenge.

Moreover, if she succeeds in her path and attains Mystic Grade, baby Gannala could truly give the Boar King a run for his money.

Inala didn't wish to stop at that point. Even though Empyrean Tusks had reached peak evolution, as evidenced by the prefix of Empyrean in their name, mutation was still an option.

Inala planned to make baby Gannala mutate. And in response, he planned to awaken the Secondary Nature of Royalty in her.

Yes, by combining Royalty and Cultivator in her, she would become a pinnacle existence surpassing the Boar King. It seemed like a pipe dream at present, but Inala wasn't afraid.

He didn't hesitate at the challenge and gently cradled baby Gannala, truly intending to succeed. He wasn't a power type like Resha who rushed head-first into a battle. He was a strategic type to scheme around and create things, bringing new variables into the mix.

Therefore, working hard to give baby Gannala the two Natures of Royalty and Cultivator was in line with his nature. And now that he had a solid goal to strive towards, Inala began to busy himself.

"Renduldu, I challenged you at the start that I'll surpass Resha. I need to make a correction," He muttered, resolute, "Add Brangara to the list. I'll surpass both."

He stared at baby Gannala, "And my descendants too shall do the same."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 142 Empyrean Zinger Jaw
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Stage 1—Jaw!

Inala stared at his reflection in a mirror, watching his jaws transform into an Empyrean Zinger's, tremendously tough and sharp enough to casually bite into a Prana Bomb.

Moreover, the structure was that of an Empyrean Zinger, but the material forming it was an Empyrean Tusk's bone powder taken from its tusk, the hardest material in Sumatra. Therefore, his jaws were tougher than an Empyrean Zinger's.

Since he had almost awakened his bloodline before fusing with the Zinger Queen egg, he gained the power to transform into his Pranic Beast form in stages, just like Resha.

Though, while Resha had four stages, Inala only had three: Jaw, Wing, and Empyrean.

At the Jaw Stage, he developed an Empyrean Zinger's jaw, useful for eating Prana Bombs and Life Bombs. His hands and feet too resembled an Empyrean Zinger's, allowing him to perch onto any surface at any angle.

At the Wing Stage, his limbs fully developed into an Empyrean Zinger's, causing a thin membrane to connect the limbs on either side to create a pair of wings that allowed him to glide through the air.

At the Empyrean Stage, he completely transformed into an Empyrean Zinger.

By having three stages, Inala could conserve his Prana and only transform limitedly according to the situation. He didn't have to become an Empyrean Zinger unless necessary. Of course, he couldn't become one at the moment, since he had barely begun developing his body.

At present, he had only built his body enough to activate the Jaw Stage. To activate it, he had first focused on building his body at the jaw, hands, and feet areas.

Staring at the powerful claws that his hands had transformed into, Inala felt strong. It had been two months since he woke up.

In this period, he focused on building his body, barely finishing enough for the Jaw Stage, making an estimation accordingly, 'I should be done in about 40 years. Since I need to understand an Empyrean Zinger's body, the time required is this high. But building my body from the second onwards should only take half the time.'

'That means, I should be reaching the 10-Life Stage in about 220 years.' He thought, 'That's well before my lifespan reaches its end.'

He couldn't hurry anymore. But he trusted the reincarnates, believing that they would buy enough time for the eventual battle between the Empyrean Tusks and the Boar King.

Originally, Sumatra Chronicles ended in a century. From the date in chapter one to the date of the final battle between Resha and the Boar King, a bit more than a century had passed.

If the same were to happen this time, then their death was guaranteed. Even Resha was aware of that. Hence, Inala believed Resha and the remaining reincarnates would do everything in their power to change the herd's route to buy as much time as possible.

As long as they buy two centuries, Inala was confident in reaching the peak of cultivation. When that happens, he would possess enough power to harm the Boar King.

This was why he primarily focused on a Silver Grade Pranic Beast. An Empyrean Zinger's Prana was 1800 after maturing. This meant his reserve of Prana wasn't as high as Asaeya who had a reserve of 3449, not to mention Gold Grade Pranic Beasts like the Empyrean Tusks that had a reserve of 8398 Prana.

Yes, he had a limited reserve, which was a drawback. But from another point of view, it was also a boon. It meant he only had to train to attain 1800 Prana.

To finish building a body, Resha would have to give in approximately five times the effort. Meaning, he would need five times the duration to finish building a single body.

By the time Resha finishes building a second body, Inala will have reached the end of cultivation.

At that point, he would be stacked ten times, resulting in an explosive power that vastly outclasses a 2-Life Stage Resha.

Inala would be able to quickly reach the peak of cultivation as compared to his peers and even his enemy, the Boar King. As a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, the Boar King would have to train even longer.

The fact that even after two millennia, Brangara only reached the 3-Life Stage was enough proof of his strenuous training requirement.

Of course, a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast lived for ten millennia. So, he had enough time to reach the peak casually.

Since he had the perspective of living on Earth, Inala was more broadminded than the natives of Sumatra. That was because, for any situation, he had two perspectives to tackle from, in contrast to the single perspective of the natives.

Moreover, since he hailed from a technological world centred around information, he knew a lot for someone his age. He had read hundreds, if not thousands of cultivation novels alone. If he were to list the novels from magic, apocalypse, romance, sci-fi, etc. it would be endless.

Even though they were merely fiction, the thought process used in them would serve as a database to draw inspiration from. Information was power after all.

Therefore, if Inala were to encounter a block in cultivation, he could rely upon his vast trove of knowledge to solve it. Maybe some character in some novel was in a similar situation. He only had to apply that knowledge and voila, he would solve the problem.

In contrast, a native would have to break his head and trial and error for a solution.

An Empyrean Zinger's body was small, reaching a few metres. Therefore, its resource requirement was limited, unlike Resha who had to build an Empyrean Tusk body.

With less resources, training, and time, Inala would reach the peak. Had he fused with an Iron Grade Pranic Beast, he would have reached the peak even faster. But that was useless, for an Iron Grade Pranic Beast was too weak.

Only a Silver Grade Pranic Beast was perfect. Its powers were strong while its development needs were conservative. With his ability to recover Prana through Prana Bombs, everything lined up perfectly for Inala.

Moreover, the time period of 220 years was only if Inala were to traditionally cultivate. There were treasures available that could hasten this process.

In Sumatra Chronicles, Resha obtained various treasures, both big and small. Among them existed five major treasures that allowed him to attain a qualitative breakthrough every single time.

Cure! Attribute! Weapon! Pet! Seat of Transcendence!

The first treasure was the Cure to the Fragment Disease. And as explained by the previous Gannala, what Inala obtained wasn't the cure. All he did was get rid of the Fragment Disease plaguing him.

The one written as the cure in Sumatra Chronicles wasn't the actual cure. In the second information cluster he obtained from Gannala, the true cure was detailed. Resha had obtained it.

Once he got to know what the true cure was, Inala sighed, 'The current Resha already has around half his previous life's strength.'

"He's indeed a terrifying rival."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 143 Treasure of Attribute
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A Mammoth Clansman with the Fragment Disease had a potent concentration of an Empyrean Tusk blood in him.

Basically, among Mammoth Clansmen, he was the closest genetically to an Empyrean Tusk. That was why when two Mammoth Clansmen with the Fragment Disease copulate, they birth an Empyrean Tusk.

Of course, if the female didn't have enough foundation to nurture an Empyrean Tusk baby, she dies and the baby follows suit. Only those with a high cultivation at the Life Stage could birth a baby, and even then, there was a considerable risk of failure.

All Empyrean Tusks were birthed by Mammoth Clansmen.

The cure was very simple in essence. It was to mutate the genetic data of a Mammoth Clansman with the Fragment Disease to give that final push for them to become an Empyrean Tusk.

The one that succeeds would become an Empyrean Tusk. Not a regular Empyrean Tusk but one that could cultivate, basically a portion of what Inala wished to achieve in baby Gannala. That was the cure.

By obtaining the cure, Resha's Primary Nature was upgraded.

The Primary Nature of an Empyrean Tusk is Internal Inertial Gravity, a power of gravity that affects the Empyrean Tusk body internally.

But when the same power can affect outside the body, that comes to be called External Inertial Gravity. When the two powers combine, they create Total Inertial Gravity, the Primary Nature Resha obtained.

It was why he could slingshot towards the Boar King during their fight. He had locked onto his target with External Inertial Gravity and caused both his body and the Boar King's to attract each other.

Only seven people had the qualifications to obtain the cure: Virala, Inala, Blola, Grehha, Yennda, Orakha, and Resha.

It was because they were Gannala's children in the genetic sense, with their genetic material closely resembling Gannala, the Supreme Tusk.

But here was where the issue lay.

It wasn't as if any Mammoth Clansman with the Fragment Disease could obtain the power of an Empyrean Tusk if they absorbed the blood and essence of an Empyrean Tusk right as they broke through to the Body Stage.

They were simply unfit to absorb that.

Only the Mammoth Clansmen with the Fragment Disease of Gannala could do so. After all, they weren't children of an Empyrean Tusk but the Supreme Tusk.

Had Inala headed into the heart of any Empyrean Tusk and absorbed its blood for some time, he would have obtained the same power as Resha from Sumatra Chronicles.

It was why Blola and Virala had succeeded in becoming Empyrean Tusks. But, what they had wasn't the cure.

Only by absorbing the blood and essence from Gannala, the Supreme Tusk could they obtain the Primary Nature of Total Inertial Gravity. Unfortunately, Gannala only possessed enough for one of them.

She had expended everything else to create the paths in her seven children. Back then, when Inala was on the verge of awakening his bloodline, had he gone through the final push, he would simply obtain Internal Inertial Gravity, and gain the power to transform into an Empyrean Tusk, no different from Blola and Virala.

Therefore, she hoped that through their experience living in another world, the six reincarnates would find another cure. Unfortunately, there was less than a year available for that.

As a result, none of the reincarnates found a cure.

It was also because they couldn't communicate. They all relied upon Sumatra Chronicles and assumed the heart of an Empyrean Tusk to be the cure, when in truth, it was Gannala's heart all along, not because she was an Empyrean Tusk, but because she was the Supreme Tusk.

Sumatra Chronicles didn't state a lie. The reincarnates simply interpreted it falsely due to a lack of information.

Without the information Inala obtained from the previous Gannala, it would have been impossible to piece together this fact.

After all, even when they conversed during the time he fused with the Zinger Queen egg, time was too short. They could only exchange a few sentences. And this happened during the fusion process. Meaning, even if Inala were to find out, it was too late to find a solution.

It was the primary reason for the reincarnates failing to obtain the cure.

Among Gannala's seven children, two were dead. Blola and Virala used the blood of another Empyrean Tusk to gain its power. Grehha and Inala didn't even obtain an Empyrean Tusk's power.

In the end, only Resha obtained the cure. The cure gave him enough strength to even wound the Boar King. After all, Total Inertial Gravity was a cheat even among cheats. It had infinite uses.

It was why Resha already possessed half his previous life's strength. It had only been a year since his regression, but he already accumulated fifty years' worth of his previous life.

Among the five treasures, the first treasure—Cure—was obtained by Resha. The second treasure—Attribute—would appear at the Brimgan Empire twenty years later during the Second Major Disaster.

Every major treasure would appear during a Major Disaster. In the Fourth Major Disaster, the Pet and Seat of Transcendence would appear.

The Seat of Transcendence was so powerful that before it even appears, it releases powerful Prana fluctuation, alerting every cultivator and Pranic Beast of Sumatra Continent. As a result, billions of creatures would converge upon the region, resulting in a bloodbath once the Seat of Transcendence appears.

It was where the Boar King faced the Empyrean Tusk herd and annihilated the latter. Of course, the herd was already beaten and battered by then due to the hordes upon hordes of Pranic Beasts they had to face to approach the Seat of Transcendence.

Cure, Attribute, Weapon, Pet, and Seat of Transcendence; were each powerful in their own right. And with each major treasure he obtained, Resha's strength jumped in levels accordingly.

The treasure of Attribute grants an attribute to the owner's Prana. This attribute is granted based on the cultivator's Nature.

When he obtained it, Resha only had his Primary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity. Hence, the granted attribute was through it.

Once he obtained it, his Prana itself possessed the power of Internal Inertial Gravity. Therefore, any item containing his Prana too held the power of Internal Inertial Gravity.

Any Spirit Weapon he refines held that power. And one of the most broken uses of that was in him being able to create Storage Lanterns without limits.

Since his Prana had the property of Internal Inertial Gravity, as long as he was the one carrying it, the Storage Lantern could have a space surpassing a cubic metre and still remain stable and economical. Just that factor alone made it worth a fortune. But in battles, it made Resha even stronger.

Since through his Prana alone, he could unleash the might of Internal Inertial Gravity, what do you think would happen when he activates his Primary Nature atop that?

The answer was an OP MC!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 144 Leaving the Sandy-Grey Void
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Prana was an energy required to activate a Primary Nature. But when it had the same properties as the Primary Nature, the resultant effect was a multiple. Therefore, Resha's power attained explosive growth, making him even more overpowered.

But at the end of the day, Resha was innately talented in battles. Therefore, his mind was geared only in that direction. Even after regression, he only planned to grow stronger faster.

The Attribute wouldn't even realise its full potential in his hands. Instead, it was better left to Inala.

Even though Inala obtaining the Attribute would make Resha weaker, he didn't care about that, 'In his past life, even with everything, he died a dog's death at the hands of Brangara. No matter how strong he becomes, he'll never be the Boar King's match.'

The reason was simple. Brangara was a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast that could cultivate and have multiple lives.

Even though Resha had the cure, he was a regular cultivator. Meaning, every time he took on an Empyrean Tusk form, he was burning through Prana to maintain the transformation. That wasn't all. An Empyrean Tusk was a Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

Iron, Silver, Gold, and Mystic; the strength jump between every Grade was phenomenal. No Pranic Beast could overcome the Grade difference and defeat a higher-grade Pranic Beast in a one-on-one battle.

Even the Empyrean Boar was an exception only because its mind had collapsed. Therefore, it could be killed easily by a Silver Grade Pranic Beast while it was mimicking the habits of some Pranic Beast unsuited to its constitution.

When Brangara was an adult Empyrean Boar, he held the power of a true Gold Grade Pranic Beast. No Silver Grade Pranic Beast was his opponent.

In terms of power, this gap could never be overcome. Therefore, no matter what Resha does, he could never be the Boar King's opponent.

The Boar King only needs to activate a dozen Internal Inertial Gravity simultaneously and he would wield strength superior to Resha even if he were to have both the Cure and the Attribute.

The Boar King had more than a dozen Internal Inertial Gravity in his arsenal.

Therefore, the realistic way to fight the Boar King was to swarm him. And even though Inala was an Empyrean Zinger, a Silver Grade Pranic Beast, his power was regarding stealing Prana and Lifeforce.

Inala never planned to confront the Boar King. He only intended to set traps for the Boar King and gradually steal all his Lifeforce.

No matter how strong the Boar King got, if he ran out of lifespan, he'd die of old age. For that to happen, Inala had to get the treasure of Attribute.

Even though the reincarnates failed to obtain the Cure, they succeeded in ridding themselves of the Fragment Disease. Therefore, they no longer had to worry about their bones shattering at the slightest exertion and could truly fight for their desires.

All of them, including Resha knew the value of the Attribute. Hence, this time, the competition would be bloodier. In twenty years, everyone would become a powerful elite, also having significant battle experience under their belts.

They would have refined their battle styles and would have become proficient with their Natures.

The Second Major Disaster was more disastrous than the First Major Disaster. Not only was its scale bigger, but the level of enemies was also higher.

Zingers simply launched projectiles to fight. A puncture to their wings and they'll fall to their deaths. They were relatively easier to deal with.

However, the enemies in the Second Major Disaster had tougher bodies and fought head-on. It wasn't just that. The treasure of Attribute appeared in the Brimgan Empire, a major human civilisation.

The Brimgan Empire had existed for thousands of years and held a considerable level of foundation. Its peak powers were on a whole other level, almost on par with Mammoth Clansmen.

The Emperor and Princes possessed Human Avatars on the level of Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. They were walking, talking disasters. They too would be actively participating in the Second Major Disaster for the ownership of the Attribute.

Yes, the enemies in the Second Major Disaster were Free Humans from the Brimgan Empire, a human civilisation that had produced cultivators who once ranked at the top of Sumatra Continent, beings on the level of Renduldu.

Their founder was rumoured to have been on the level of a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, the rarest exception in the history of Sumatra when a human surpassed a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast.

Due to the terrain at play, the Empyrean Tusks wouldn't be able to interfere. That implied the war was between Mammoth Clansmen and the Brimgan Empire people.

In Sumatra Chronicles, the war was portrayed as one of the most gruesome in the history of Sumatra. Over eighty percent of Mammoth Clansmen were annihilated in the war, causing their overall strength to dip to the extreme.

As a result, the Mammoth Clan failed to fulfil their duties following that, causing the strength of the Empyrean Tusk herd to weaken over time. Eventually, when the Third Major Disaster started, many Empyrean Tusks died.

By the time the Fourth Major Disaster started, the number of Mammoth Clansmen was at their minimum most. The Empyrean Tusks too were weak and exhausted. They were easy pickings for the Boar King.

It was the Second Major Disaster where they truly took an irrecoverable beating. 'Therefore, I need to obtain the Attribute before the war goes into full swing.'

Inala firmed himself and began to make up a plan accordingly.

"I've finished preparations," Asaeya said, slightly tired. She had just finished dumping all excess waste in their house into the Sandy-Grey Void. The region had already finished assimilating the excreta contents cast into it.

The large house was almost empty. They only had enough resources to last them a couple more days.

Asaeya fed a Prana Bomb into the mouth of the rocket. After ten minutes had passed and the two lungs were filled with compressed air, she came to inform him about it.

"Are you ready?" Inala asked.

"Yes, I have practiced enough," Asaeya said, having changed herself into a flowery dress, behaving naturally in it. She had also grown older, now appearing like a woman in her twenties. Her Lifeforce had been absorbed by a Life Bomb to assist with it.

She safely placed the Life Bomb—that Inala had shrunk to nail size—in a locket and strung it to her neck like a necklace. As long as she consumes it, she'll return to her original age.

The moment he created the Life Bomb, Inala grew a decade older, also resembling a man in his twenties. They planned to live as a couple in Ellora Trade City while making preparations for travelling to the Brimgan Empire.

Since they had a baby in tow, this was the most realistic choice. It was best to behave in a way no one would be curious about. Besides, for baby Gannala's mental development, they couldn't remain cooped up here.

At a thought from him, the rocket unleashed a thrust of air, causing their house to rush up through the grey sand and arrive at the surface soon after. Followed by another thrust, they glided over the sandy surface and landed on normal land enclosed by the circular Sandy-Grey Void.

It was nighttime as the Slump Lizards roamed the region. Asaeya climbed out and inhaled a deep breath before becoming relieved that she could vent out all her stress and frustration.

She raised her hand and clapped violently.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 145 Wood Sculptures
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Slump Lizards suddenly became blind, terrified in response. While they were helpless, a Spirit Weapon in the shape of a chakram sliced through their necks.

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

Controlling six Spirit Weapons, Asaeya slaughtered the Slump Lizards whose sight, hearing, and sense of smell had been robbed away. They simply became stationary targets for her to kill.

For the next three hours, Asaeya continued to kill them, creating a river of blood until she had vented fully. The slaughter allowed her to regain her usual demeanour, reverting to her original state of mind.

Moreover, through this fight, she had gotten used to her adult body. After all, not only had she bulked up in response, but she had also grown taller. So, she needed some time to become used to it.

While she was doing that, Inala chopped some trees and used his Sculptor Skill in conjunction with Puppetry Skill to make wooden sculptures.

He made realistic sculptures of Slump Lizards in both miniature and life-sized forms. With his current skill level, it was a lot easier.

Moreover, the Spirit Weapons he was using for the carving process were Prana Bombs shaped into carving tools. Therefore, he could increase or reduce their density as he pleased, allowing for a more diverse marksmanship.

Whenever they were tired, they would retreat to their house. Even though they planned to head to Ellora City, they weren't fully ready yet. There was still a bit of stuff left to do before they could embark on the journey.

For half the night, Inala carved sculptures. For the remaining half, he accumulated Prana Bombs and Life Bombs. By making them as small as possible, he stuffed them in his Storage Lantern.

Currently, in his Storage Lantern, the first floor had Empyrean Tusk bone powder. The second floor had realistic puppets of him, Asaeya, and baby Gannala. The third floor had clothes, money, and a bunch of miscellaneous items necessary for their life in the city next.

The fourth floor was filled with Prana Bombs and Life Bombs. Even though they looked identical, Inala could tell them apart. No one else apart from an Empyrean Zinger could do so.

Asaeya made portraits of mountains and rivers, drawing inspiration from the scenic beauty of the Dieng Canyon.

Soon, dawn approached as Inala and Asaeya entered their house along with all the wooden products they had carved. After arranging everything inside, they waited patiently, watching the Slump Lizards clean the ground of all traces of battle.

The blood, corpses, etc. were all cleaned away by then. They even took care of the wooden splinters resulted from the carving process, truly cleaning up the field.

If not for the tree stumps, Inala and Asaeya's actions would seem as if they never took place. There was a bit of confusion among the Slump Lizards as they stared at the tree stumps. It didn't tally with the image from their memories.

After some time, a Slump Lizard licked the tree stump with its tongue, infusing Prana through it. The tree stump absorbed the Prana and began to grow at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Two hours later, the tree looked no different from before Inala cut it. A group of Slump Lizards had lost their lives in the process of restoring the cut trees. Their corpses were dragged by their brethren into the river.

The river meandered throughout the region, possessing multiple tributaries, all of whom formed paths for the Slump Lizards to move about. It had been carved with a lot of care.

'Even the river here has been artificially carved.' Inala understood. There probably was a main river somewhere away. The five Silver Grade Pranic Beasts worked together to divert a large tributary through this region before it rejoined with the mighty river downstream.

Even that little tributary spanned many kilometres in breadth, appearing like an actual river that watered the region.

Of course, the region of the river within the Sandy-Grey Void was littered with Slump Lizards. Hence, no other Pranic Beast species dared to enter. If it tried to do so, it would be swarmed by the Slump Lizards.

Measures had been taken to ensure the Slump Lizards didn't cross the region marked by the ring of Sandy-Grey Void. Since the Sandy-Grey Void couldn't cover the river area, there existed something else preventing the Slump Lizards from spilling out.

It was probably the power of one of the Silver Grade Pranic Beasts.

"Get some rest," Inala said to Asaeya once the Slump Lizards had retreated into the water.

"What about you?" Asaeya asked as she fed baby Gannala.

"I still have something to do." Saying so, Inala sat atop his house and circulated Prana through his jaws.

Stage 1—Jaw!

"Kieeek!" He let out a shout in the language of the Empyrean Zingers. Following that, he remained silent. Almost a minute later, there was a response.

"Kieekeke!"

Hearing the response, Inala's expression morphed into one of both excitement and tension. He then waited patiently for a few hours, casually carving a sculpture in the meantime.

Soon, he saw a flight of entities gliding in the air. Grinning, he got up and extended his arms wide, "Come here!"

"Kieek!"

"Kuaak!"

"Guaa!"

More than thirty Empyrean Zingers rushed at him and landed around his house. Six of them turned into their miniature forms and landed on his head, chirping nonstop.

He read through the memories of each one after another, eventually focusing on the three new individuals.

Empyrean Zinger King!

Empyrean Zinger Queen!

There were two Empyrean Zinger Kings and one Empyrean Zinger Queen, obviously created through the trap laid for the Boar King. They hatched through the Prana and Lifeforce of a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast.

That was why, even though the absorbed Prana and Lifeforce were for a short interval, the quality was so high it easily birthed them.

After they hatched, they remained in hiding until the Boar King left. Until then, they listened in on his actions, stealthily observing him in their miniature forms. Their presence was so faint he didn't bother with them in his state of anger.

Why would a peak existence bother about every ant that roamed around? Inala had picked a region with plenty of ants to bury the eggs.

And now, through their memories, Inala learnt of everything that had transpired. From the Boar King landing into the cave to him destroying everything in a fit of anger, he became aware.

Upon knowing that the Boar King scouted the location of the five Silver Grade Pranic Beasts and spent the majority of his time observing the five Ravaged Tribes, Inala derived what he intended to do.

Brangara planned to create his Clansmen. And the route he was taking was no different from what Gannala did at Sagar Kingdom.

Since he could transform into a human, he planned to create children through Free Humans. Eventually, there would arrive Clansmen through whom Empyrean Boars would be birthed.

"The future has changed tremendously," Inala muttered, but he wasn't pressured. In contrast, he was excited.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 146 Sumatra Zinger
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Of course, even if the Boar King succeeds, the Clansmen would only give birth to Empyrean Boars and not Empyrean Boar Kings.

The natural birth of a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast was impossible. The limit of a natural birth was the Gold Grade.

If an Empyrean Boar wishes to reach the Mystic Grade, it would have to follow Brangara's route. But why would someone that experienced his race's annihilation give way to another tragedy? He wouldn't ever reveal the method to reach Mystic Grade.

Besides, even if an Empyrean Boar were to swallow all its brethren, it still needed to harness a Bolt of Transcendence.

That will only happen when someone becomes a Transcendent nearby. Otherwise, the energy storm of Transcendence would never form.

Therefore, the chances of an Empyrean Boar becoming another Empyrean Boar King were next to nil.

The reason Inala was excited instead of feeling pressured was simple. Until now, the Boar King was like a wild card, roaming throughout Sumatra Continent as he hunted prey. He could go anywhere he pleased without facing any repercussions.

But now, he would have returned home to Varahan Enclave in preparation for creating his Clansmen. History had changed drastically indeed, but it was in Inala's favour.

The Boar King wouldn't leave Varahan Enclave until another Empyrean Boar was born. Therefore, he wouldn't be available to interfere in any grand plans Inala makes in the future.

That wasn't all.

Thanks to the memories of Brangara that he had obtained, Inala knew the entire layout of Varahan Enclave like the back of his hand. Therefore, he could scheme against it.

There was no place safer than Varahan Enclave in Sumatra Continent according to the Boar King, since it was an Enclave and also his home. The conditions naturally suited the birth and growth of Empyrean Boars.

It was the perfect place to raise his Clansmen. Therefore, the Boar King wouldn't pick any other place.

And once Empyrean Boars start to appear, he would be rooted to the place, protecting his young brethren and caring for them to ensure they developed mentally without consuming any Pranic Beasts.

That meant the unfettered Boar King had a weakness—his brethren. His actions would be limited to the region surrounding his home.

Moreover, due to the traumatic incident of his past, the Boar King wouldn't be inclined to leave the place at least until enough Empyrean Boars had reached maturity while retaining their intelligence.

Inala could target them and place traps throughout Varahan Enclave for the Boar King to stumble upon. The moment the Boar King moves to target the Empyrean Tusks, Inala would attack the Empyrean Boars with a swarm of Empyrean Zingers.

The Empyrean Boars would be a great source of Prana and Lifeforce to birth more Empyrean Zinger Kings and Queens.

Inala gently patted the Empyrean Zinger Queen, smiling, "You're doing well to raise your numbers. Continue doing so. In the future, once the Mudropper lays down an egg, steal it. We'll have a Mammoth Clansman fuse with it and use that power to create a region solely for Empyrean Zingers."

"Kieek!"

All he had to do was screech in the Empyrean Zinger tongue once to transmit all his thoughts to the Empyrean Zinger Queen. She was growing well.

Currently, they had perched themselves atop the mountain walls surrounding the Rooster Tribe. They developed while remaining hidden in their miniature forms.

After talking to them a bit, Inala sent them away. Once their numbers had reached a sufficient level, he could truly begin to scheme against the Boar King.

As there existed an Empyrean Zinger Queen, they could develop without his intervention or help. Of course, the ones birthed by the Empyrean Zinger Queen only possessed one Nature.

Only the ones created out of his Life Bomb were the Mutated Empyrean Zingers. The rest were simply Empyrean Zingers.

The difference between them and the regular Zingers of Dieng Canyon was their Grades—Silver and Iron respectively. Empyrean Zingers possessed a larger, stronger body, could glide longer and faster, and possessed a greater Prana reserve.

The Mutated Empyrean Zingers he creates could use Mystic Bone Art, but the ones created by the Queen weren't capable of the same. Moreover, when he touched the Empyrean Zingers birthed by the Queen, he couldn't read their memories.

They were also incapable of taking on miniature forms. It seemed only the Mutated Empyrean Zingers he created personally conformed to his rules. The rest were simply Empyrean Zingers.

Due to the King and Queen's presence, they didn't attack Inala. But in their absence, they would treat him no different from an outsider. After all, they were simply regular Empyrean Zingers.

There were some limitations, but it didn't matter in the end. As long as there existed a King and Queen among a group of Empyrean Zingers, the entire nest would heed his orders, since their rulers were part of his immune system.

Inala sent them away and retired for the day. He woke up in the evening and resumed his carving work alongside Asaeya. For an entire week, it was a nonstop grind.

The following day, Inala sneaked into Ellora City and spied upon the people there, gathering some more information. Accordingly, he and Asaeya practiced their characters and perfected their disguise. They also worked on their accent to conform more to the culture of the place.

It wasn't perfect, but they could act to the extent they weren't suspected.

As for their weapons, Asaeya carved them out of some iron she mined from the river. The exterior was iron while the interior was bone.

They were controlling the bone but made it seem as if they were controlling the piece of iron. After creating a bunch of Spirit Weapons, they were almost done with their preparations.

Inala then dismantled their home, using some of the pieces to fill the insides of a wooden cart he carved. The remaining was chucked into the Sandy-Grey Void, erasing all traces.

The cart was loaded with all the wood sculptures they had carved. The bone within the cart was simply to allow ease of pulling it forward with the aid of psychokinesis. Moreover, it served as an emergency ration of bone to create Spirit Weapons.

There finally was the rocket that he had painstakingly created using his organs. Inala refined it and began to shrink its size, making it a miniature form of its original. He optimised the layout of the internal organs inside and created a hand-sized instrument with a long barrel.

"That's a funny design." Asaeya commented, "What does it do?"

"This?" Inala tapped the barrel and watched it suck in air through the nozzle. Ten minutes later, he pointed it at a tree and loaded a miniature Prana Bomb in the barrel, "This is a weapon perfected to kill."

There was no mechanical trigger as it only needed a thought from him to activate. With his thought as the trigger, air gushed out of the barrel at terrifying pressures, sending the miniature Prana Bomb spiralling at speeds surpassing the sound barrier.

The Prana Bomb pierced through the closest tree, creating a hole an exact size of itself. It had high penetration power. With every tree it passed through, the size of the hole increased as more of its momentum was being transferred into the tree trunk.

After about a dozen trees, it slammed into one and caused its trunk to shatter, splattering wood splinters everywhere. Inala approached it and fished out the Prana Bomb, observing that it sported a mild dent, "This'll do."

He patted the instrument and commented, "This is my trump card."

"I'll call it," He stared at it and laughed, "The Sumatra Zinger."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 147 Entering Ellora Trade City
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Standing before the gates of Ellora Trade City were four guards, donning colourful armours with intricate details. They were unnecessarily grand, emphasising more on form over function.

Though, a closer glance would reveal another armour inside, plain and simple in design. That was the actual armour meant to protect their bodies. The extravagant exterior armour was simply for demonstration purposes. It existed solely as a means to boast the stature of Ellora City.

After all, the Gate Guards were pretty much its face, being the first among the city's populace that any outsider would lay their gaze upon.

The four of them were at the Body Stage, having built around half their Human Avatars. The material they had fused with was almost on par with an Expert Iron Grade Pranic Beast in terms of quality.

It boosted their lifespan by a few decades.

Becoming a Gate Guard was the height of a commoner's career attainable through merit alone. Hence, these four garnered a lot of respect from the populace living closer to the gates.

"Halt!" One of them shouted and tapped the blunt end of his spear on the road, careful to not damage it.

There existed a set of cobblestone roadways connecting the various cities of Ganrimb Kingdom. As it was morning, traffic was minimal at best. Therefore, the guards had enough time to pay attention to the outsiders approaching the city gates.

The Gate Guard observed the cart that had stopped. It was only made from wood, but the workmanship was impeccable, the carving intricate. The loading area spanned around forty square metres, making the cart pretty large.

It was filled to the brim with items. Unfortunately, they were all encased by wooden boxes; hence the Gate Guards could not see the inside.

There was a seat at the forefront of the cart. Seated on it was a luxuriously dressed woman, captivating to the eye. She adorned a flashy outfit weaved using five colours, symbolising her power and authority.

In her hold was a baby that was asleep, cute. But a glance at her and the Gate Guard felt the urge to submit for some reason.

Pulling the cart alone was a youth in his twenties, sporting ripped arms that his flashy dress failed to conceal. He had shoulder-length hair tied into a tiny bun at the back, accentuating his sharp jawline.

Even though the cart seemed heavy, the youth was casually pulling it forward, his mannerisms akin to a noble, a very high-classed one at that, judging by the air of arrogance casually oozing out of his eyes.

Had anyone else exhibited such a level of arrogance, the Gate Guard would have taught them a lesson. The one that had shouted intended to do so at first, but a glance from the youth and he felt a formless pressure halt his thoughts.

It took him a couple of seconds and a nudge by his fellow Gate Guards to recover as he asked, "Your entry permit?"

"Here," The youth casually tossed over a decorated tablet. He didn't seem aware but was disrespecting the Gate Guard, something nobles did subconsciously.

And even though he was only at the entry-level of the Body Stage, he seemed vastly stronger than the Gate Guards. Moreover, his suffocating presence portrayed clearly that if the four of them were to gang up on him, they would be killed in a matter of seconds.

'He must be higher up on the social ladder, even amongst nobles.' Thinking as such, the Gate Guard stared at the items in the cart, "May I ask what you're carrying in them?"

"Wares to sell," The youth replied curtly and tossed out another decorated tablet, "This is my permit to set up shop and conduct a business."

The Gate Guard inspected both the permits and observed that they were the real deal. He then bowed and made way for the cart to enter, "Have an enjoyable stay."

"Welcome to Ellora Trade City."

Nodding in response, the youth casually pulled the cart and set foot on Ellora City officially, having entered it through its front entrance this time.

Leading straight from the entrance was a large road, spanning at least a hundred metres in width. Situated on both sides were massive buildings, spanning dozens of storeys, ranging from restaurants to high-end apparel showrooms.

As its name signified, Ellora City was a trade city. Import and export of goods was its selling point, as the majority of its populace was great at craft-related professions. The city was situated foothill of a mountain rich with mineral resources that were perfect for crafts of all shapes and forms.

The main road spanned a few kilometres in length and made a beeline to the centre where the City Lord lived.

As he walked through the main road, pulling the heavy-looking cart without breaking a sweat, the youth garnered a lot of attention from the onlookers. He then noticed flirtatious glances from the women dining at the upper-storey balconies of the high-end teahouses, feeling uneasy.

Until now, he was perfect with his acting. But getting so much attention wasn't his thing. Followed by an awkward cough, Inala continued to pull the cart, inscribing his thoughts into the Bone Slip carried by Asaeya.

[Am I really that attractive?]

Asaeya rolled her eyes at the statement but appeared smug as she replied through her Bone Slip in Inala's possession.

[From a Mammoth Clansman's perspective, you're slightly above average in terms of appearance. In these Human Kingdoms where appearance is highly valued, you're average at best. The aspect of you that's attracting these women is your strength and confidence. For some reason, women from Human Kingdoms find Mammoth Clan men charming.]

'I see. Sumatra Chronicles indeed showed such scenes but I thought it was only because of Resha's appearance. Honestly, that bastard ticks all the boxes of a Main Character, from appearance to overpowering strength.' Inala thought and replied.

[What about our Clan's women?]

Asaeya's smile grew deeper at that as she said, her eyes turning cold for a moment.

[They fear our Clan's women, of course. Any woman from the surface who managed to successfully charm one of our men mysteriously finds herself in the jaws of a Pranic Beast the next day. Truly pitiful.]

[Mysteriously?]

[Yup, mysteriously.]

Inala didn't continue the discussion after that. Mammoth Clan women disliked sharing their men with others, casually going in for the kill when displeased. Even Resha got stabbed by his lover simply for flirting with a woman mildly on the surface.

For a moment, Inala became distracted by remembering that scene from Sumatra Chronicles. He, along with other readers spammed memes at paragraphs where Resha was stabbed multiple times, not by a Pranic Beast, but by the woman he pledged affection towards.

But soon after, Inala returned to reality, understanding that Asaeya had the hots for him. Whether or not he liked her was another matter altogether. If he dares get chummy with another woman, he would have to prepare to lose all his senses.

It would be the day he'll personally experience the Grim Knell's power.

A Mammoth Clan woman will fight for her love interest without holding back in the slightest, oftentimes treading onto obsessive levels. Whether it was one-sided or not wasn't a concern for them. Of course, considering their very high death rate and the rapid need to replenish their numbers, it wasn't a surprise the women were obsessed.

[Where are we going?]

Asaeya asked next.

[Wait and see. I made some preparations already.]

Saying so, Inala parked the cart in a narrow alley right next to the main street, at the entrance of a dingy courtyard.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 148 Buying an Anklet Shop
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Erwahllu Anklet Shop!

It was a dingy shop spanning a breadth of three metres and a couple metres in length. The shop's entrance was an old table on which a bunch of anklets were placed. Judging by the dust covering them, it had been a while since any customers appeared.

These anklets were unsold for months. Staring at them vacantly, seated behind the table with a paper fan in her hands was an old woman that kept watch on the narrow street.

This narrow street was once a bustling area when a local gang was active in the place and used it as their base of operations. But when the scale of their activity got too high-profile, the City Lord sent troops to curb the disturbance.

The gang was dissolved. The members were punished according to their criminal activities. Those who had committed milder crimes were sentenced to life at the mines. The rest were killed.

The gang members unfortunately had been children and family members of the shop owners of this street. With the gang destroyed, the older parents grew despondent. The majority of them simply waited for their deaths as they sat idly in their shops.

Erwahllu was one such woman. She was in her late eighties and was simply counting the days to her death.

Beside the shop was a gate leading into a large courtyard spanning at least two hundred square metres in area. This once used to be the area for the shop's logistics. Placed to the right and left of the courtyard were buildings serving as workplaces to create the anklets.

One was a plant for processing the raw materials while the other was for the end carving process. Both were decrepit now, having been abandoned for years, if not decades.

At the rear end of the courtyard was a house. It was a double-storey house with a balcony at the top, nothing fancy for the area, but it was comfortable enough to live in.

When Inala scouted through the city for a place to live, he chanced upon the house.

Upon arriving at a halt near the entrance, Inala stared at Erwahllu and bowed, "Grandma, I've arrived."

"I have transferred ownership of this place to you already." Erwahllu didn't even bat an eye as she placed a slab on the table. Carved on it was Inala's name and face, detailing his ownership of the place.

Carved on the back side were a map and accurate dimensions of the land area he owned. It had already been registered.

Inala barely used half of the money he stole from Safara to make the purchase. Considering the fact that this narrow alley was adjacent to the main road, he basically got it for dirt cheap.

"Grandma, this is my wife, Asaeya." Inala pointed at the luxuriously dressed woman and then lifted baby Gannala and approached Erwahllu, "She's my daughter."

"What a lovely child." Erwahllu smiled gently as she touched baby Gannala. Her eyes moistened, recalling her family that had been killed.

Many merchants had approached her after that incident to purchase her property. They were all based on the main road. So, they could easily extend their shop areas to encompass hers after they acquire it.

Erwahllu never gave in, and so did the rest of the people on the narrow street. They hated the big merchants to the core, since they were the cause that prompted the City Lord to destroy the gang.

She was stubborn originally, but now, she was in the last stretch of her life, not knowing if she would live to see the next day. Aware that her property would simply be seized by the large merchants upon her death, she hoped someone would come buy it.

Of course, the large merchants prevented anyone from doing so, keeping her property unsold for years since she had the thought. That changed upon Inala's arrival.

"This place is very old." Asaeya commented as she walked through the courtyard, "The buildings will collapse the moment we start our training."

"Well, hardly anyone lived in here for decades." Inala said, "So, it's only natural. You shouldn't focus on this. This place is right next to the main road. With a bit of advertisement, I can bring in a lot of traffic."

The once-silent courtyard became noisy at the arrival of the family of three. Erwahllu calmly stared at them, feeling the final days of her life wouldn't be dull and uninteresting.

"Grandma, can we rebuild the place?" Inala asked, respectfully. Even though he had gained ownership of the place, the clause in their contract stated Erwahllu would reside in the place until she died of old age.

He wasn't bothered by it. Or rather, he welcomed it. An old grandma was the best to have around when raising a kid. She could impart wisdom to baby Gannala through her life experiences.

"Do whatever you want." Erwahllu didn't seem to mind, "You're the owner now."

"Thank you." Inala bowed and began to discuss with Asaeya about the rebuilding plans.

'He's such a polite child.' Erwahllu thought as she observed Inala and Asaeya. 'They are young and strong. Judging by their clothes and mannerisms, they are probably nobles that had fled here from another city.'

Politics existed everywhere. It wasn't rare for someone in power to lose everything to a rivalling family member and was met with no other choice but to flee somewhere else. A glance at Inala and she knew he had a history. It was one of the reasons she decided to sell her home to him.

Erwahllu remained seated in her place while Inala began to transfer the wares on the cart into the house.

It hadn't even been a few minutes since their arrival when a group of men, armed with blades approached the shop. There were seven of them, at varying levels of strength at the Spirit Stage.

The one at the lead was a burly man with a rough moustache. His beard seemed like a patchwork on his face, irregular and unkempt, granting him the perfect appearance of a thug.

Staring at the cart, the burly man snorted aloud, "A bastard dares buy the shop that Establishment Lord Maharell was eyeing?"

"You rotten old woman. Have you gone senile?" He growled at Erwahllu, growing angrier upon seeing her ignore his existence.

He shifted his gaze to the cart and stared at the wares on it, grinning cunningly as he kicked the cart with all his strength, intending to demolish it. His foot slammed into it with a bang, denting the wooden exterior.

But unlike what he had assumed, the cart didn't break, for a moment confusing him. Before he could attack again, he lost consciousness.

When he woke up, he, along with his six cronies, were tied up on the floor, forced to kneel. Casually seated before them was Inala who stared at them as if they were dirt, "Say…"

His voice oozed power and authority, causing the burly man's heart rate to spike, "How many limbs do you wish to retain?"

"Your choice is between limbless and death."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 149 Attacking First
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The group of thugs was sent by a powerful man. Trying to reason with them was a simple waste of time. Moreover, Inala didn't wish to lose brain cells trying to hear whatever crap they had to say in order to take action against him.

Hence, he simply attacked first. His Prana Hand flew around and punched all seven thugs squarely in the jaw, knocking them unconscious. He then tied them up, thinking of a plan of action while waiting for them to get up.

Of course, Inala had already investigated the dynamics of the place before he bought it. Safara was a rather ambitious woman, keeping tabs on people in power. She used her smarts to manoeuvre her way through the political scene of the marketplace and emerge successful.

She was his primary source of information. Whether he wanted funds, information, etc. Inala simply paid her a visit and got what he wanted. Through that, he knew Maharell, Establishment Lord of Ellora City's largest warehouse had set his sights on this property.

It bordered one of his establishments. And by annexing the area, he could expand the establishment and become even more prominent.

The majority of the people living in the narrow alley were old, with no successors. After the major merchants locked traffic to the alley, the lives of the people there took a turn for the worst. They made no money and simply lived the days watching dust accumulate on their wares.

By cutting off their means to make a living, the large merchants were trying to force them to sell their properties. Inala had investigated it already, which was why he placed himself in the middle of this cold war.

In Sumatra Chronicles, the Mammoth Clan operated alone, remaining on the backs of Empyrean Tusks. Despite the vast power they possessed, capable of overturning entire Kingdoms casually, they never used it.

It was why once things turned bad due to the Boar King, they failed to recover.

Simply having strength wasn't enough. There were plenty of other factors involved. He was from Earth and had been an avid viewer of geopolitics, knowing how many countries played their games to keep each other in check.

The military was merely the last bastion to turn to. The greatest weapon they relied upon to exert dominance was economics, especially through trade.

As a Mammoth Clansman, even at the entry-level of the Body Stage, Inala was strong. Adding onto his three Natures, he could even fight a 2-Life Stage cultivator from the Human Kingdom. With his level of power, he could spread his influence.

Setting up shops in Ganrimb Kingdom with Free Humans who had pledged loyalty to the Mammoth Clan was their surest way to exert influence. These shops would be able to operate without issues, since they were being backed by one of the strongest forces on Sumatra.

When necessary, the Mammoth Clan will ask these shops for a portion of the revenue. This way, even if the Empyrean Tusks exhausted their resources by fighting the Boar King, they could recover faster.

As long as such spheres of influence were set up in all Human Kingdoms and Empires, the Mammoth Clan would have a robust foundation of resources to rely upon.

Of course, he could only use Free Humans for this. Human Kingdoms and Empires were strict in maintaining their purity.

Moreover, Free Humans at the Life Stage were able to sense whether or not someone was a Free Human or not. And upon finding them, the Kingdoms and Empires would flush out the people that they considered 'infected.'

Even Inala wasn't an exception to this rule. The moment he unleashes his Prana, his identity as a Mammoth Clansman will be revealed. Ganrimb Kingdom would come for his throat.

'Well, there are things I can do in preparation for that. I still have plenty of time for it.' Inala thought and focused on the task at hand, 'Let's not get carried away and deal with this situation first.'

He removed the bindings of a thug and kicked him out of the courtyard, "Tell your boss to come crawling here with his tail between his legs. Otherwise, I'll be coming for his neck."

"Y-Yes," The thug scurried away in fear.

Since Maharell was keen on obtaining this property, he would continue to harass the place. Instead of passively defending against the attacks, it was best to strike first. Freeing one of the thugs was only to alert the other party into investigating the place.

It would cause him to delay a retaliation, giving Inala more than enough time to act.

"Can you move the rest of the wares inside?" Inala asked Asaeya who stared at him in worry.

"I can do it, but aren't you being too hasty about this?" Asaeya was hesitant, "We don't know who is backing Maharell and how strong they are. Since the people here came from the Brimgan Empire, they would have plenty of powerhouses among them on the same level as our masters. You shouldn't underestimate them."

"Who said I'm underestimating anyone?" Inala laughed and stared at her, asking, "Do you know that the stronger one's backing, the greater their arrogance and the more ballsy they become?"

"Yes," Asaeya nodded after giving some thought, "You make sense, but how does that correlate to your recklessness here?"

"Am I being arrogant enough?" Inala grinned.

Asaeya's eyes widened, "So, you want to fool your enemies into believing that your backer is above everyone else."

"Pretty much," Inala nodded, "So, they'll stop harassing me and instead focus all their energy on finding out who my backer is."

"But if they do that, they'll eventually figure out that no one's backing you," Asaeya said.

"I do have a backer though." Smiling as such, Inala calmly walked out of the courtyard and approached the establishment where Maharell stayed, "The strongest backer in fact."

He was a Mammoth Clansman. His backer was the infamous Mammoth Clan which had destroyed many Kingdoms simply when angered. All Inala was doing here was acting in such a way that his foes would assume his backer is someone from the Ganrimb Kingdon's upper echelon.

Whether or not they figured out the truth didn't matter. After all, in either case, he's not someone they could touch without suffering the consequences of annihilation.

Maharell Wares and Services!

It was a sprawling building on the main road of Ellora Trade City, selling everything from carpets to Elixirs. Two guards stood at the entrance, revealing their presence of Body Stage cultivators.

A large number of people entered and exited this twelve-storey building that occupied at least a hundred thousand square metres in area, the size of a typical shopping mall on Earth.

Behaving like the natives, Inala occupied a lot of space as he walked and entered the establishment, looking through the wares as he enacted his scheme.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 150 How to Screw an Establishment Lord (Part 1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Intricately decorated shelves littered the place, creating numerous aisles to shop around. Of course, the items here weren't that expensive. Hence, security was minimal. The staff only existed to point the customers to the location of their desired item.

On the ground floor were simple utensils. The first to the fifth floor had clothes. The sixth floor contained food items ranging from rice to spices. The items from the seventh to twelfth floor were related to cultivation, from weapons to elixirs.

Inala arrived at the eleventh floor that sold medicines and Elixirs. The floor space made it vast. With rows upon rows of precious goods available on the shelves, it painted a sharp display of Establishment Lord Maharell's wealth and influence.

The majority of them were medicines though. From the variety that treated illness, diseases, and sickness to those that aided in building up one's constitution, gave clarity of mind, increased training efficiency, etc.

There was a small section at the very end that sold Elixirs. Majority of them were Low-Grade Elixirs that upon consumption granted 100 Prana. Encased in decorated glass containers were Mid-Grade Elixirs that granted 400 Prana upon consumption. There were only a dozen of them.

Inala couldn't see the sight of any High-Grade Elixirs. Due to their value, they wouldn't be sold in a shop. Rather, they would be auctioned to high-paying customers.

Even though Elixirs raised one's Prana, they couldn't be consumed in succession. That would straight up destabilise the Spirit Container. Therefore, long intervals were required before another could be consumed.

Elixirs worked on building up the Spirit Container and then filling up the required Prana. Therefore, the cultivator needed to spend a lot of time acclimating to the change.

But using a higher grade of Elixir granted greater strength. Even though the acclimation process was even longer, during that entire time, they were vastly stronger than if they consumed a Low-Grade Elixir.

Inala currently had a bit more than 120 Prana. If he were to consume a High-Grade Elixir, he'd straight up reach 920 Prana. Even though he'll have to acclimate for years, in all that duration, he was strong, possessing 920 Prana, in contrast to 220 Prana if he were to consume a Low-Grade Elixir.

The rich ones simply consumed a High-Grade Elixir and spent the rest of the acclimation duration building their bodies. It was more efficient this way.

The moment he set foot on the floor, three nail-sized entities slipped out of his sleeves and crawled toward the closest rack. Following that, they climbed the racks and made their way to the ceiling, remaining inconspicuous as they trailed between the edges of the rack and the ceiling.

They remained within his Spirit Weapon range, allowing Inala to observe everything they witnessed.

Two staff members laid their eyes on him upon his entry, watching his every move. They weren't concerned as long as he roamed in the medicine section. But the moment he began to walk towards the Elixir section, they became alert.

Those who dared to purchase an Elixir were among the wealthy and powerful. So, they had to provide the best service to please the customers. Another job of the staff was to ensure none stole the Elixirs.

Even among the wealthy, such people existed, intending to get more than what they paid for. The staff were responsible for preventing such things.

'One, two, three…a total of twelve staff. Eight are in uniform and four are mixed among the customers.' Through the eyes of the three Empyrean Zinger Scouts, Inala got a bird's eye view of the Elixir section.

Following that, he observed the actions of everyone. Every customer was accompanied by a staff that told them the properties of every Elixir on display. The staff also watched the actions of the customers to ensure they didn't sneak in an Elixir or two during their purchase.

There was security at the exit of the establishment that scanned through the purchased goods. They had marked the goods similar to the Bone Slips used by Virala. Therefore, they had the means to detect thievery.

But it was best to prevent things from getting to that point. If someone wealthy and powerful was caught stealing, they'd develop bad blood with the establishment. It was best for a business to avoid such things.

"Sir, may I know what you're looking for?" One of the staff paying attention to Inala stepped forward the moment he entered the Elixir section.

"I need four Low-Grade Elixirs," Inala stated his request.

"This way, please." The staff bowed and guided him to a shelf, "We have a variety on display here, from Low-Grade Elixirs that grant 20 Prana to 100 Prana."

Depending on the materials used, the effects and side effects of the Elixirs varied. The staff began to explain them.

In the meantime, an Empyrean Zinger Scout crawled on the ceiling and stalked a lone staff. Right as the staff approached a region that avoided the eyes of others, the Empyrean Zinger Scout dropped from the ceiling and glided in its miniature form, increasing its weight to the limit.

It then slammed into his jaw, knocking him unconscious. The Empyrean Zinger Scout held his clothes and behaved like a parachute to prevent him from falling hard. It gently laid him on the floor and proceeded to drag his body towards a staff exit.

Inala was controlling their bodies to give them cues on when to move and what action to take. Two Empyrean Zinger Scouts kept watch over the Elixir section while the third scout took out the staffs one after another.

While the staff was explaining about elixirs to Inala, the scout slammed into his jaw and knocked him out. His body was hidden behind the counter and later dragged into the staff exit.

"Excuse me, can you come here for a second?" Inala approached a staff that was talking to another customer.

'Why isn't someone there to guide him? Are they slacking?' The staff thought but didn't voice it aloud. He then apologised to the customer he was serving and asked for a moment.

He approached Inala and asked, "Can I help you, sir?"

"Yeah, the person explaining the Elixir variety to me left suddenly. He was extremely rude." Inala acted annoyed, "It seems this establishment has grown too big for its own good, considering this is the service you provide to your valuable customers."

"I apologise for the behaviour of our staff, sir. Please be assured that I'll take up the case with my superior and see to it that he is punished." The staff bowed in a hurry and then pointed at a nearby shelf, "We'll offer you a discount on one of our products. I hope this at least makes up a little for our mistake."

"You better offer something like that." Inala snorted grumpily and approached a shelf. He casually looked through, making the staff follow him. And once they were out of sight from the others, an Empyrean Zinger Scout slammed into his jaw and knocked him unconscious.

While the poor staff was dragged into the staff exit, Inala approached another staff, repeating the same.

A few minutes later, there were grumbling customers throughout the Elixir section, wondering where the heck all the staff members disappeared.

Many were vocal about it, shouting in anger, causing the staff from the medicine section to scurry towards them in an effort to apologise. That created a lot of chaos and focused the attention of everyone on the raging customers.

In the meantime, Inala casually pocketed all twelve Mid-Grade Elixirs and a bunch of Low-Grade Elixirs.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 151 How to Screw an Establishment Lord (Part 2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Stage 1—Jaw!

Inala opened his mouth wide and swallowed an Elixir vial.

Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

He activated it in full swing, causing his stomach to transform into a biome, just like an Empyrean Tusk's. Of course, his biome was unstable, as he didn't store enough resources in his body to maintain such a spatial distortion.

Therefore, he was burning through Prana rapidly to maintain it. Since he only needed to maintain it for a short while, Inala could endure the expenditure.

He first swallowed all twelve Mid-Grade Elixir vials, followed by over a hundred Low-Grade Elixirs. He only stopped because he had hit his limit, sighing, 'Had I reached the end of the Body Stage, I could have stolen more. These Elixirs will support our growth.'

But that wasn't an issue. He brought three Empyrean Zinger Scouts.

Taking chance when there were no eyes on him, the three Empyrean Zinger Scouts reached their full body size, swallowed as many Elixirs as possible by turning their stomachs into biomes too, and resumed their miniature forms. They were burning through Prana faster than him to maintain it.

Acting nonchalant, Inala slipped out of the Elixir Section, of course, not without hurling a string of expletives, becoming part of the group of angry customers that stormed out due to the crappy service.

Since the Elixirs were inside his biome, all Prana signatures emanating from them were cut off, hence rendering the detectors at the establishment exit useless.

He left the establishment and returned home, vomiting out all the contents before a surprised Asaeya.

"You stole?" She shouted in a fluster.

"Don't mind it." Saying so, Inala turned around to face the six captive thugs, "So, how are they faring?"

"They're blind, deaf, can't smell anything…" Asaeya casually listed a bunch of things she did to them. At present, the thugs couldn't even raise a scream, for their voices too had been snuffed out, absolutely terror-stricken.

"Prepare two chairs," Inala said to Asaeya and stared at the figure of Erwahllu who observed his actions with an incredulous gaze.

"Who…are you?" She was unable to control her shock. What Inala displayed here was beyond what she ever thought was possible.

"Grandma, do you want an Elixir?" Inala asked, "You can reach the Body Stage by consuming one. That will increase your lifespan…"

"I'll pass," She sighed and shook her head, "An Elixir's too valuable to be squandered on these old bones."

"Just use it on yourselves."

Inala smiled wryly and didn't force her. They were just strangers at the end of the day. He was simply being polite, and also because her presence might have a positive influence on baby Gannala.

'Well, it's a work in progress. She'll warm up to us over time.' Thinking as such, Inala took a seat on a chair Asaeya had laid in the courtyard. The other chair was placed three metres opposite to him. Inala crossed his legs and closed his eyes, waiting patiently.

His Empyrean Zinger Scouts were posted around the house, informing him of everything they saw.

Maharell Wares and Services!

In a room on the topmost floor was Maharell, the owner. He had been going through the accounts of his establishment when the thug released by Inala walked in, bowing in fear, "W-We failed, sir."

"Is that so?" Maharell didn't even spare a glance his way, continuing to stare at his account book as he spoke, casually, "Is this person strong?"

"I didn't know what hit us. We were all unconscious and bound before we realised what had happened." The thug said, trembling as he continued, "He…He has requested for your presence at his house immediately."

"Not worth it," Maharell waved his hand casually, "Go away now. I'll call you when there's work for you."

"Sir, the rest of our group is held captive by him…" The thug didn't even finish the sentence when a bag of coins fell before him.

"Use it to buy them back. Anything else?" Maharell asked.

"N-No sir," Saying so, the thug grabbed the bag and ran away.

'Seems Spirit Stage cultivators aren't a match for him.' He thought for a moment before resuming focus on his accounts. He was a busy man. And every second of his time wasted meant a loss of a lot of money.

"Lord Maharell, there's been an issue!" Suddenly, a staff entered his room and shouted in a fluster.

"What now?" Maharell stated in annoyance, "Can't you see I'm busy…"

"Our Elixirs have been stolen!" The staff said in a flurry.

Bang!

Maharell got up with a start, causing his table to shatter in response as Prana billowed out of him in a torrent. He glared at the staff, causing the latter to shudder, "Speak!"

"Who dares to do so?"

"It's a man named Inala." The staff said, "He's the one that bought Erwahllu's property."

He took out a tablet from his pocket and gave it to Maharell, "This was a note left in the cabinet where we stored the twelve Mid-Grade Elixirs!"

"Inala…" Maharell seethed in rage. But as a seasoned merchant, he calmed down immediately, realising that actions taken in fury would most of the time, result in a loss. He stared at the tablet and read the line inscribed there.

[Come and have a chat with me—Inala]

It was a short statement. But it was a blatant display of power, proving that Inala did not need to introduce himself since Maharell would have investigated the latter already.

"Bring me the list of items he had stolen from us," Maharell said and waited a couple of minutes. Once the staff tallied the list, he stared at it. His face turned beet red from anger, "This fucker is crazy!"

The current market price for a Low-Grade Elixir was anywhere between 8000 to 22,000 Parute. A Mid-Grade Elixir costs anywhere from 44,000 Parute to 104,000 Parute. The exchange rate between their currency, Pella and Parute was 40 to 1.

One Parute netted 40 Pella. In other words, he lost a shit ton of money!

"Get my carriage." Maharell announced as he snapped his finger, causing a team of masked men to appear before him, all at the Body Stage, "We're going out to teach a bastard some lesson."

"Yes, sir!" The team of masked men shouted in unison. They were all tethering around the peak of the Body Stage. Their team leader was at the 2-Life Stage, a powerful cultivator.

Maharell himself was at the 6-Life Stage and had fused with the most expensive material money could buy. This was a squad powerful enough to intimidate any force, causing the powerful merchants on the main road to divert their attention onto Maharell as he entered the narrow street adjacent to the main road.

The carriage stopped before a dingy shop as Maharell glared at the person casually seated in the courtyard behind, balancing a fruit on his nose. When it fell off balance, he gobbled it up with his mouth, appearing playful and completely unperturbed by Maharell's presence.

'This fucker is Inala?' Maharell felt mildly intimidated already.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 152 How to Screw an Establishment Lord (Part 3)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Erwahllu was seated in her usual place in the dingy shop. But unlike before, her eyes were no longer vacant. Rather, they were brimming with energy, mildly excited about whatever Inala was doing.

Well, it couldn't be helped since in the last phase of her life, she was treated to a front-row seat of a conflict, especially against the man she detested to the extreme.

Maharell stared at Erwahllu and snorted mildly. He was older than her. And obviously, as neighbours, they had some history. He then peered into the courtyard and observed Inala, 'A youth around 24 years old. He's already at the Body Stage. But, I don't see where he gets this confidence from.'

"You talk to him first." Maharell pointed at one of his guards.

"Yes, sir." The guard nodded and entered the courtyard, stopping a couple metres before Inala, "Were you the one that stole our wares?"

"…" Inala casually dug into his ear and stared at the earwax in shock, "Damn! I need to clean my ears regularly."

"Are you mad?" The guard became angry at being disrespected so blatantly like this. He clenched his hand into a fist, activating his Human Avatar to transform into a metallic giant.

Just before he was about to attack Inala, the guard noticed the six thugs bound at the side. They were terror-struck and seemed to be mouthing at him to not attack. But it was too late already.

Energy condensed at the tip of his fist, intending to pummel Inala into a paste. But right as the attack was about to land, the guard heard a faint clapping sound. The next moment, he became terrified.

He was blind, deaf, couldn't hear, lost his sense of touch, and couldn't speak either. It wasn't limited to that as even his motor senses were stolen, causing his figure to plop to the ground.

Without his active control, his Human Avatar disappeared, reverting him to his human form. Inala calmly set his foot on the guard's head and stared at the carriage, "I'm not a patient guy."

"Fine," A voice resounded from inside as Maharell stepped out, his expression serious as he stared at Inala.

"Come, come. Sit here." Inala excitedly pointed at the chair before him. It was a rough-looking chair that seemed to have been carved just recently.

Maharell took his seat and glared at Inala, "Tell me now."

"Do you want to drink something?" Inala asked and snapped his finger. "We have just arrived here, so we don't have tea. But we'll serve you the next best thing."

At the snap of his finger, Asaeya exited their house, holding a tea tray as she brought a cup to Maharell. The cup was an old porcelain, containing only about twenty millilitres of a greyish-black liquid.

At the sight of the liquid, Maharell fumed, "Are you screwing around with me?"

"Of course not, sir." Inala waved his hand in a hurry, "It is only apt that we show the appropriate respect for someone of high stature such as you."

"That's why we're serving you an Elixir."

The liquid in the tea cup was a Low-Grade Elixir. It cost around 9000 Parute. In their local currency, it was 360,000 Pella, a fortune enough to buy a luxurious carriage. It was also the annual income of a lower middle-class citizen household.

It was Maharell's Elixir that was being served to him, an action no different from slapping his face and making him lick his wounds in public.

Prana billowed out of his body as Maharell got up with a start, intending to destroy Inala. "You dare mock ME?"

"It finally dawned on you, eh?" Inala grinned as suddenly, two Life Hands burst out of the wooden chair Maharell was seated upon and grabbed his legs.

Immediately in response, Maharell shrieked shrilly as his Lifeforce was sucked in rapidly.

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Blood!

Upon its activation, the rate of Maharell's Lifeforce being stolen increased, resulting in him losing control of his Prana. He was a merchant. And despite having cultivation at the 6-Life Stage, he was weak, for that was attained through Elixirs and not through training.

Basically, he had little to no battle experience.

"Protect him!" The guards rushed into the courtyard, intending to save Maharell when Asaeya stared at them and smiled brightly.

She then opened her mouth and uttered with her soft voice, "Hello there."

All guards became blind and deaf instantly, terrified as a result. They had never faced such an ability before, unprepared to endure or counter it.

Death Knells were rare on Sumatra Continent as is. Grim Knells were even rarer, existing only in the most treacherous regions of Sumatra where Gold Grade Pranic Beasts ran amok.

Ganrimb Kingdom was situated in a safe region, with the only enemy they faced being the Slump Lizards. Therefore, they had only experienced the effects of a couple of Natures at the Iron Grade. A Silver Grade Nature was a whole other matter.

"W-What is this?"

"H-Help me!"

"Please, spare me. I'll do anything. Please, please!"

As his guards cried, Maharell stared at Inala, terrified. He felt weak, as his body had aged considerably due to his Lifeforce getting stolen. The pain from losing his Lifeforce overwhelmed him to the extent he couldn't even activate his Human Avatar.

Inala grabbed the tea cup from Asaeya and crouched before the figure of Maharell who was prostrated on the floor in pain, "Sir, you are our guest. Please don't be impolite and accept our hospitality."

He brought the cup before Maharell's face, "If you drink this, you'll stop growing older. If you don't, well…pick a good river segment for your ashes to be dissolved, alright?"

"I…I'll drink…I'll DRINK, dammit!" Maharell shrieked and gobbled up the contents of the teacup in an instant. He lost his fighting spirit once Asaeya stole his eyesight.

Inala retracted his Life Hands. He had returned to his teenage version already. Hence, he condensed a Life Bomb and made it absorb all the excess Lifeforce in his body. He poked a hole in it, poured some of its contents into the tea cup and made Maharell drink it, causing him to recover some of his lost Lifeforce.

Originally, he looked like someone in his thirties. Now, he looked like someone in his forties.

Inala nodded at Asaeya, motioning for her to return home and deactivate her power. Once that happened, the guards got up in unison, in relief upon recovering their senses, their expression one of fear as they stared at Inala.

"Be there," Inala casually addressed them. In response, the guards stood like statues, unwilling to budge in the slightest.

Inala helped up Maharell to his seat and spoke, "Sir, are you alright?"

"You looked like you were about to die. So, I had no other choice but to use my life-saving treasure on you." Inala sighed and expressed his worry, "In these troubled times, it's hard to make a living. I'm saddened by the fact, but I have no other choice but to charge you."

He took out a contract and placed it before Maharell, causing the latter to spit blood upon seeing the terms. "You…you're a monster!"

"How rude! I'm a doctor!" Inala pouted. A second later, he pointed at the contract, "You can sign here."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 153 Never Mess with the Crazy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Go on," Inala urged Maharell, his voice calm and soft. He had never spoken so gently in his life. But, such a gentle voice was akin to the devil's whisper in Maharell's ears.

The contract stated that Maharell would never legally move against the shop Inala owned from a business side of things. If he dared so, he'd be required to pay a Mid-Grade Elixir as compensation every month for as long as he conducted business.

At first glance, this seemed like a fair deal, created to ensure Maharell wouldn't target Inala's shop. But in their short interaction, Maharell realised a valuable point.

Inala was a madman!

The moment this contract is signed, Inala will softly target Maharell Wares and Services. He wouldn't harm the goods, staff, or the customers. Therefore, he wouldn't be legally held accountable.

Inala's actions would be similar to a housefly, harmless to the most extent but extremely irritating. As long as Inala were to keep at it for some time, even if Maharell held back, someone else in power at his establishment would retaliate.

As long as that someone was Maharell's relative, staff, or an outsider he was on good terms with, the clauses of the contract would come into effect. That would place Maharell in Inala's debt, forcing him to pay a Mid-Grade Elixir every month.

But the worst part of this contract was the fact that the reparations could stack. Meaning, if Maharell was aggressive towards Inala twice, he would be forced to pay two Mid-Grade Elixirs every month.

The moment Maharell does anything, he would be shooting himself in the foot. He would lose everything he had built from scratch, ending up liquidating everything to purchase Mid-Grade Elixirs for Inala's use.

'He would definitely do that.' Staring at Inala's gentle expression, Maharell felt more and more terrified, 'I made a mistake! I underestimated him just because he's in the Body Stage. What the heck is he?'

"Kill me and be done with it," Maharell stated resolutely, "I'm never signing that."

"Is that so?" Inala sighed and retracted the contract, "Too bad."

Inala backing out only pressured Maharell. He panicked, unable to determine what Inala planned to do next. Unfortunately for him, what Inala had thought was a stage above whatever nightmare Maharell had assumed would happen next.

"You guys," Inala waved at the guards, "Your boss wants to evade all responsibility and die. You know…when that happens, I'll hold you all accountable."

"Including your families," He laughed, "You have been affected by a certain power of mine that's akin to a disease. Whenever I want, I can make you lose all your senses like before. But, that's not limited to you alone."

"Your entire bloodline would be infected with the same."

"S-Sir, please spare us!" The captain of the guards slammed his head into the ground in apology, "Take my life, but don't touch my family."

"How rude," Inala acted like he was offended, "We're living in a civilised society. I'm not going to harm your family or anything. It's just that…"

"Well, forget it." Inala shrugged and waved his hand, motioning for them to leave, "You don't need to do anything. Just leave."

"You sure?" The captain of the guards asked in hope.

"Yeah," Inala nodded and turned silent, watching the guards scurry away. But right as they reached the courtyard's exit, he uttered softly, "Look around the city one last time."

"You won't be able to do so after this."

The team of guards stopped abruptly. Their bodies were drenched with sweat, nervous, tensed, unable to determine if only they were getting punished or their families too. unless that was clarified, they couldn't leave.

Inala showed no intention of clarifying them, causing the captain of the guards to break out mentally and beg, "W-What do you want us to do?"

"Nothing," Inala shrugged once again and casually spoke, "If I need anything, I can simply get it from Maharell Wares and Services. None of you guys have the capability to notice my actions. Therefore,"

He smiled, "There's nothing you can do for me."

Inala patted Maharell on the shoulder, "Same for you, sir."

"Do you think the City Lord would allow you to rampage around as you please?" Maharell was at the end of his wits, hence decided to use his final card—intimidation using the name of a stronger existence.

"Go ahead and ask for his assistance." Inala didn't seem to mind that. He casually propped Maharell up and motioned for him to leave, "Do you want to visit the City Lord's mansion now or later?"

"I can accompany you there if you want."

'W-What the fuck?' Inala's actions flustered Maharell. He couldn't make sense of Inala's disposition. Was he simply crazy or didn't even place them in his eye because of a powerful backing? He couldn't tell.

And considering how a fledgling Body Stage Inala subdued a 6-Life Stage Maharell, it was apparent that Inala was on a whole other level of strength. Someone that strong at such a young age wasn't anyone simple.

"I…I'll sign the contract," Maharell said dejectedly, quickly grabbing the contract from Inala to sign and stamp it.

"You can notarise it yourself." Inala waved his hands, motioning for Maharell to leave.

"I'll notarise it and return immediately." Saying so, Maharell sped away in his carriage. A couple of hours later, he returned, exhausted, giving a copy of the contract to Inala. It had been notarised by the Notary Board in the City Council.

Once notarised, the contract was legally effective. Even though it was a messed-up contract, Maharell had no other choice but to sign it. After all, this at least gave him some peace of mind.

As long as he ensures his people never go anywhere near Inala's shop, he could avoid paying the price. But if he didn't sign the contract, he would have no idea what Inala might do next. That was a hundred times more terrifying.

Maharell didn't wish to lose everything he had built up. He acted otherwise to appear resolute, but he held his life dear, unwilling to die.

With a slumped back, a dejected Maharell boarded his carriage and returned to his establishment. Once they were gone, Asaeya returned to the courtyard and stared at Inala to ask, "Are you sure he wouldn't team up with the other merchants to retaliate against us?"

"He'll have that thought." Inala nodded, "But he'll never do that."

"Why are you so sure?" Asaeya wondered, unable to understand the thought process behind Inala's actions.

"This is a dog-eat-dog world where the survival of the fittest reigns supreme." Inala said, "No matter how strong you are, a mistake, and you'll end up in a vicious cycle where you'll lose everything. And in the end, you'll be devoured by someone else. That holds true for merchants even more. None of them are allies of each other."

"Besides," He grinned, "Anyone that lives long would know and abide by this fact resolutely."

"What's that?" Asaeya asked.

Inala laughed and began to bring the wooden chairs into their house, "Never mess with the crazy."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 154 Sumatra Chronicles Heroine
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Zahara Kingdom!

It was a Human Kingdom that had existed for more than two centuries, decently successful among Human Kingdoms.

Established atop a mountain range, Zahara Kingdom was a hilly civilisation that used the terrain's advantage to forge a future. They were rather successful at that.

The mountain range was rich with resources, with some of them being powerful materials to forge Human Avatars. And despite the deaths they faced from the surrounding Pranic Beast invasions, the Kingdom's population was at a steady incline.

At this rate, as long as they continue developing for a few more centuries, they'll eventually evolve into an Empire. They only had to make decently smart decisions and avoid any drastic setbacks to succeed.

If they played their cards right, they'll survive well past a millennium, the criteria achieved by all major Empires on Sumatra. Until now, they were on the right track. Until now, that is.

The Zahara King exited his palace and slumped to his knees, trembling in terror alongside his ministers, the strongest of his Kingdom. None of them had the confidence to resist, the sense of doom pervading their minds.

'We worked so hard to reach this far.' The Zahara King despaired, 'Is today our last? Frustrating! I can't do anything, not against him!'

The King, the Princes and Princesses, the ministers, prominent people from the government, etc. More than eighty percent of the Kingdom's peak power was currently concentrated at the palace grounds, with the cultivation of them all tethering on the latter half of the Life Stage.

But despite that, they held no hope of being able to face the other party, a youth at the peak of the Body Stage. An infamous existence that was the most popular in Sumatra Continent due to the sheer terror he caused in everyone.

Pretty much every single human civilisation had posters of his image circulating around. Tales were created, songs were sung of his power, and even plays were conducted to display his feats. The individual who had singlehandedly resulted in the significant weakening of the strongest force in Sumatra and struck enough fear in them that they avoided him to this day.

Mystic Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Boar King!

Visiting the Zahara Kingdom was none other than Brangara, the Boar King. He might only be at the peak of the Body Stage, but he was a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. The current strength he possessed was that of a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast that had reached maturity.

It wasn't something a Kingdom could face. Maybe an Empire could resist the current him, as long as they prepared themselves to lose most of their strength in the process.

The Zahara King prostrated on the ground, displaying no will to fight, knowing very well the consequences of doing so. He didn't even ask Brangara's purpose in visiting his Kingdom, only hoping the latter would leave after satisfying whatever he wanted here.

"You don't need to fear." Brangara observed the humans and stated casually, "Five thousand virgin women at the Spirit Stage and under thirty years in age. Bring them to me."

"Please give us a week." The Zahara King neither asked for the reason nor refused, simply asking for the time he needed to bring the numbers, "We'll need to bring them from many far away cities."

"One week," Brangara nodded upon understanding the Zahara King had quoted the shortest duration possible, "That's fair. I'll wait here until then."

"Go, find the best women our Kingdom has to offer." The Zahara King ordered his ministers.

Even though the ministers were disappointed in their King, they had no other choice but to heed his orders. They understood the situation at play. Even if they wished, they couldn't do anything else. Of course, even though the King ordered them to bring out their best women, that wasn't what he implied.

They wouldn't bring out the talented women who would become future pillars of their Kingdom. The ministers began to think of ways to please the Boar King, intending to select only those within the criteria set by the Boar King who had more beauty than talent.

"You see, they'll be birthing my family." It seemed Brangara could guess their thoughts as he laid out a statement.

"Y-You mean?" The Zahara King felt his ears were playing a trick. He stared at Brangara with utmost fear and respect, asking again, "You're not planning to consume them?"

"Why would I ask you if I wanted to do that?" Brangara snorted, "I could simply swallow your entire Kingdom and filter through the Primary Natures I wanted."

"These five thousand women will be my wives and would work in birthing my descendants. They'll be pivotal in the creation of my Wean Clan." He concluded.

He just finished speaking when Prana burst out of the bodies of all the ministers, including the King, not in anger, but one of excitement. All humans instinctively considered Tribesmen and Clansmen as murky inferiors, irrespective of their strength, unwilling to become part of them.

But, becoming the Clansmen of the Boar King was completely different. The Wean Clan will be the first Clan in Sumatra that's related to a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast. The Wean Clansmen will be superior to even the likes of Mammoth Clansmen and Cooter Clansmen.

Moreover, once this happens, it means the Zahara Kingdom was fundamentally tied to the Boar King. Since all his wives would be from the Zahara Kingdom, they'll have that relation through their daughters.

That meant, in the likelihood of the Zahara Kingdom facing a threat, they could request the Boar King's help. In the future, the Wean Clan itself would support them.

The entirety of Sumatra would know that the Wean Clan was birthed from the Zahara Kingdom. Therefore, no force, whether Human or Pranic Beast would dare target the Zahara Kingdom.

It didn't matter even if the Wean Clan doesn't support them in the future. Just the fact that no other force would actively target them meant the Zahara Kingdom could actively grow and quickly attain Empire status.

Besides, through this relationship, they could even mine the precious minerals at Varahan Enclave to forge stronger Human Avatars. Maybe that would be the key that allows the Zahara Kingdom to birth a hero who eventually attains strength on par with a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, something only the Brimgan Empire had achieved to date.

Everyone in the royal palace sped away frantically, intending to bring the best women from their own families. As long as their daughter becomes the official first wife of Brangara, their status would shoot up to an unprecedented level.

"Please look at her," The Zahara King was the first to arrive, in tow with his most cherished daughter, "She's our Kingdom's gem, the most talented in our history. She was born with 99 Prana, an unprecedented existence."

"I have forced her to remain at the Spirit Stage as I have yet to chance upon a mineral worthy enough for her Human Avatar to be built upon."

"Is that so?" Brangara stared at the girl, becoming surprised a moment later, 'She's special!'

Yarsha Zahara—Sumatra Chronicles Heroine!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 155 Yarsha Blackmails Brangara
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Born in the same year as Resha, Yarsha Zahara would make an appearance during the Third Major Disaster in Sumatra Chronicles.

Two years from now, the Zahara Kingdom chances upon a mysterious mineral, unlike anything in one of the mountains in their territory. Yarsha Zahara forges her Human Avatar using it, attaining a terrifying level of strength.

Her power wasn't geared in terms of fighting but was strategic in nature, capable of refining the Humans Avatars of others and on rare occasions, even mutating them.

Yes, she was the first among humans to create a Mutated Human Avatar, allowing the talented cultivators of her Kingdom to possess two Natures.

That fact alone instantly caused the strength of their Kingdom to shoot up exponentially, making them reach an Empire level in a mere few decades.

Unfortunately for them, their fortune became their curse. Zahara Kingdom was situated 5000 kilometres from Varahan Enclave. To date, the reason they stood strong was because they were too weak for the Boar King to notice them.

But once their strength ballooned and they reached an Empire's level, it caused waves throughout all Pranic Beast territories in the region. The Boar King felt it and arrived at the Zahara Empire, reducing it to rubble.

Yarsha Zahara was one of the few survivors. She, along with her Royal Guard that had survived, vacated the place. Hoping to exact vengeance against the Boar King, they roamed Sumatra Continent, building up their strength in the process.

Everyone in her Royal Guard had two Natures and were in the Life Stage. They were powerhouses. Yarsha Zahara too became strong once she completed her Secondary Nature.

During their travels, they were enveloped in the mess created by the Third Major Disaster. That was when Yarsha meets Resha and eventually falls in love with him.

Of course, Resha was already married by then. And his wife hates Yarsha to the core, even ending up stabbing him multiple times as a result.

Due to the strength difference, Resha's wife fails to deal with Yarsha whose talents are inferior only to Resha.

In the end, unwilling to set aside her pride to become Resha's second wife, Yarsha makes her exit. She bears Resha's child, but nothing is revealed about that.

Yarsha never appears after the Third Major Disaster. Her duration of stay in Sumatra Chronicles amounted to less than a hundred chapters. But her impact was so significant that all readers considered her the heroine of the story and not Resha's wife.

And now, since history had changed a lot, the Boar King met Yarsha prematurely. But this time, it wasn't as enemies.

"What's your name?" Brangara approached the fifteen-year-old girl and asked, sensing the purified waves of Prana emanating from her, 'Who is this girl? Even I've never seen such a human…'

A memory he wished to suppress at the depths of his consciousness surfaced, causing him to recall the time of torture at the hands of Undrakha, the then Mammoth Clan Chief.

Brangara recalled the figure of Gannala, an existence that stood at the pinnacle of Empyrean Tusks. When Gannala was just born and remained in her human form, her presence matched what Brangara sensed from the girl before him.

"Yarsha Zahara," The girl introduced herself. Her eyes were bright. She was terrified of the Boar King, but unlike the others, her will to resist wasn't in the least affected.

Had she possessed even an ounce of power, she would have fought the Boar King to the death. 'Courageous, possesses a strong will, and exudes the same level of dominance as Gannala. She's different from the rest.'

If Gannala could be considered the ruler of Empyrean Tusks, then Yarsha Zahara was the ruler of Free Humans.

Brangara stared at her and gently grabbed her hand, "Do you wish to reach the peak of cultivation?"

"I do," Yarsha Zahara nodded without an ounce of hesitation, "But I will remain a Free Human."

"I won't become a Clansman."

"That's fine," Brangara laughed, "The first generation can't become Clansmen. And you're too valuable to be wasted for something like that."

He held her hand tighter and proclaimed, "Our child will be an Empyrean Boar. And you'll remain a Free Human, the strongest the Free Humans have ever seen."

"Do you accept my proposal?" He asked.

"You haven't given me any reason to refuse." Yarsha Zahara smiled. Her sole condition was to remain a Free Human. And Brangara accepted it without hesitation.

It meant that her husband would be the Boar King without her losing any of what made her herself. There wasn't a better deal than that.

Just as Brangara felt that things were going positively, Yarsha Zahara suddenly put forth a condition, causing the Zahara King to break out into cold sweat in fear.

"What did you say?" Brangara felt like he hadn't heard her clearly, asking her to repeat herself.

"The only woman you'll ever sleep with is me." Yarsha Zahara said and pointed her index finger at her neck, causing Prana to condense into a pointy sphere.

Even without the respective Nature, her control over Prana was at such a level that she could exhibit the power of Prana Shock. What she proposed was simple. If the Boar King fails to accept her proposition, she'll commit suicide.

"Do you think you have the means to blackmail me?" Brangara snorted, "Your entire Kingdom is merely a speck of dust before me."

"Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, the Empyrean Boar King." Yarsha Zahara calmly uttered, "Sumatra Continent has never witnessed an existence stronger than you. Even among Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts recorded in our history, you stand head and shoulders above them. But,"

"You're alone, the last of your kind." Her eyes calmly stared into Brangara's as she continued, "Your goal for arriving at my Kingdom is to create Clansmen similar to the Mammoth Clan and the Cooter Clan. Through your Wean Clan, you'll result in the birth of Empyrean Boars. Am I right until now?"

"You are…" Brangara said, his eyes cold.

"That makes it simple, then." She caused the Prana in her fingertips to transform into the image of an Empyrean Boar, shocking Brangara.

It was hard to control Prana directly, hence why every single existence used it through either a Skill or Nature. The most one could control it directly was by infusing it in something or making it flow in a direction.

Yarsha here was able to manipulate her Prana to condense it, knead and shape it, and even make it exhibit traces of abilities like the Primary Nature of Shock Lizards—Prana Shock.

Making note of Brangara's expression, Yarsha commented, "You'll never find a Human or Pranic Beast better than me. I'm pretty sure as a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast, you'll be able to revive the Empyrean Boar race. But,"

She eyed the figures of the ministers entering the palace grounds with their daughters and scoffed, "Look at them and look at me."

"Whose children do you think will be the most talented?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 156 Welcome to the Varahan Enclave
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

However many descendants Brangara wanted would have to be achieved through Yarsha Zahara. That was her proposal.

She claimed that her children would inherit her talent and would be levels superior to the children Brangara has with other women.

Through the other women, Brangara would indeed be able to revive the Empyrean Boar race. But that was the end of that. They would simply be Empyrean Boars.

If he tried it exclusively through Yarsha Zahara, then their descendants would be significantly more talented. Just her ability to control Prana was almost on par with a Nature. Therefore, her proposal was simple: Don't work on quantity but instead on the quality of your descendants.

If Brangara doesn't accept her proposal, she'll simply commit suicide. The situation was dangerous. If the Boar King was angered, he would decimate the Zahara Kingdom. He had razed down plenty of regions until now. Zahara Kingdom wouldn't be an exception.

But despite that, Yarsha Zahara dared to blackmail him.

The palace grounds were still as a formless pressure filled the region. The ministers that were arriving stopped in their tracks, unable to take a step forward due to the Boar King's presence. He was angry.

This was the first time since he became the Boar King did someone dared blackmail him. But once he began to think about it, he liked Yarsha's logic, 'She's only claiming to birth stronger descendants. Of course, since I'm already reviving my race, it's in my best interests to make them as strong as possible.'

'This will delay my plans but it doesn't matter in the end. I have around eight thousand years left to live. Being delayed by a couple of decades is nothing in the grand scheme of things.' He concluded.

If he were to have ten children with Yarsha, and every child was to produce ten children each, then by the fourth generation, they'd be a thousand strong. Brangara was originally confident in turning the fourth generation into his Clansmen.

But maybe Yarsha's addition to the equation will hasten the process. The result will be superior. Along that line of thought, he suddenly had an epiphany, asking her, "You were born with 99 Prana, right?"

"Yes," Yarsha nodded.

"How long did it take you to reach 100 Prana?" He asked next.

"Around a month I think." Yarsha thought and stared at her father to inquire about the accurate details.

"You took seventeen days," The Zahara King stated.

"That means, in a mere seventeen days, you reached the peak of the Spirit Stage and remained at that level for the past fifteen years." He said and stared at the Zahara King, "You haven't found a worthy material for her Human Avatar?"

"Yes," The Zahara King said and transformed his hand magenta, "This is Reactive Jade, the material the Zahara Kingdom Royalty uses to forge our Human Avatars. It's the most powerful mineral in this region."

Reactive Jade had the property to react to every single ability, either to assist them or counter them. Using this, the cultivator could entirely amplify a Nature or counter it, weakening it to the limit. The most advantageous of this ability was that it could stack.

Hence, when the Zahara Kingdom Royalty activates their Human Avatars in unison, they could practically render the Natures of a horde of Pranic Beasts ineffective.

Moreover, the material was tough and heavy enough to be a force of its own. Hence, the Human Avatars forged using it were strong enough to fight against Pranic Beasts physically.

In Mammoth Clan terms, Reactive Jade was equivalent to an Advance Silver Grade Pranic Beast. It wasn't even the peak of the Silver Grade.

In the eyes of the Boar King, it was too weak, especially to be used for someone as talented as Yarsha Zahara, "You did well in not using such a trashy mineral to forge her Human Avatar."

"I commend your insight," Brangara commented.

"Thank you for your praise." The Zahara King bowed in response.

The Boar King then lifted Yarsha Zahara and announced, "From today onwards, Yarsha Zahara is my, the Boar King's wife. She will remain my sole woman."

At his proclamation, Yarsha smiled and coiled her hands around his neck, "I thought your pride would feel wounded by what I spoke. What made you accept it?"

"Your confidence," Brangara grinned, "The Boar King's wife needs to be that confident and have the means to back it up. You have what it takes to be my partner."

"Empyrean Boars have a polygynous nature, but that's because of the influence brought by the Yoked Wyrms they have swallowed. That generation was pitifully eradicated." He said, "Hence, it's best to change things up in this generation. Empyrean Boars will have a monogamous relationship from now onwards."

"One partner for life!"

He proclaimed, "I'll etch this in the genetics of our progeny."

The previous generation of Empyrean Boars was a failure among Gold Grade Pranic Beasts. Therefore, Brangara intended to change things at a fundamental level for the next generation. It was best to go all out right from the start.

"We'll return here once our kids reach maturity and start desiring a partner." Brangara stared at the Zahara King and the ministers, "Work hard in training worthy successors."

"From today onwards, the Zahara Kingdom falls under the Boar King's protection." Saying so, the Boar King leaped away with Yarsha in tow, leaving the Zahara Kingdom.

Once he arrived at the Kingdom's entrance, he activated a Rockatrice's ability to erect a rock pillar.

Astral Chart—Rocky Intimidation!

This was the Rockatrice's Primary Nature, capable of unleashing mental pressure on targets designated as enemies. Anyone approaching the pillars of rocks created using this ability will feel their thoughts, abilities, and Prana suppressed.

The Rockatrice's Rocky Intimidation was already potently powerful. But when activated using the Boar King's Prana, it was on a whole other level.

The Boar King didn't erect a layer of wall around the Kingdom like the Rockatrice had done at the Rooster Tribe settlement. That wasn't necessary.

The rocky pillar he erected only unleashed a mild presence of himself. That was enough. Any force that dares target the Zahara Kingdom following this would make an enemy of him, the Boar King.

They should be prepared to be annihilated in return. The rocky pillar only existed to remind them of that, which was more than enough of a deterrent.

Unlike when he chased after Inala—during the time he set the trap using the baby Gannala puppet—for four days straight at his top speed, Brangara strolled casually this time, conversing with Yarsha to better know about her.

As they conversed, he actually began to like her confidence more and more, feeling more reassured by this decision. A week's leisure stroll later, they arrived at the Varahan Enclave.

Pointing at the forest patch filled with Petrified Geese, Brangara introduced himself, "My name's Brangara."

"And this," He stared at the creatures acting like sculptures to avoid his gaze, "Is my home."

"Welcome to the Varahan Enclave."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 157 The Wean Clan
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Brangara plucked a ripe fruit from a tree and gave it to Yarsha.

She bit into it, relishing the taste. Her eyes lit up as she announced, "What the heck is this fruit? Why is it so tasty? Moreover,"

She exclaimed, "It's faint, but there's Prana in it."

"That's thanks to the Yoked Wyrms," Brangara explained, "Their existence enriches the Varahan Enclave. As long as their population is kept in control, they are a resourceful asset. They are why the Varahan Enclave was rich enough to accommodate Gold Grade Pranic Beasts in the past."

"Amazing!" Yarsha was amazed.

Seeing her response caused Brangara to feel pride for some reason. He then brought her to other scenic locations throughout Varahan Enclave, treating her to a variety of forest produce.

"How is it?" He asked at the end of a month-long tour, "This place is great, right?"

"I like it." Yarsha nodded and slapped him lightly, "I knew you were a fun guy, despite your infamy."

"Of course, I am." Brangara boasted, "I just never had a reason to be that person before this."

As they continued to walk, Yarsha arrived at a stop atop a plateau, overlooking a marsh. The water here was clearer than in the other regions while the trees growing were larger too, causing the air to be fresh and dense with vitality.

She liked the place immediately.

Brangara had been observing her expressions all along. And upon seeing that she liked the place, he stepped forward and used the Rockatrice's ability to erect an intricately carved fortress.

The rocky walls morphed in colour to blend in with the environment. Brangara activated a bunch of the Yoked Wyrm's Primary Nature and refined the mineral deposit of the region, infusing his Prana to aid the growth of the tree roots, causing them to cover half the walls.

In a matter of minutes, the fortress looked as if it was a natural formation of the region, a product of nature.

Yarsha had been observing everything, but even then, she couldn't make sense of things, asking in disbelief, "Is there anything you couldn't do?"

"With a bit of preparation, there's nothing I cannot do." Brangara flexed, "There's a reason I'm a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast."

"By the way," He grunted and spat out a tiny gem, turquoise in colour, shaped like a pebble, sporting patterns of gold in the shape of lightning. He cleaned it a bit and gave it to Yarsha, "What do you think of this?"

"This is…?" Yarsha stared at the tiny gem and fell into a daze, only breaking out of it a few hours later, stunned to the extreme, "W-What is this mineral?"

"It's called Sumatra Gold." Brangara explained, "It's by far the most valuable mineral in Sumatra, hence named after the continent."

"Sumatra Gold…this is Sumatra Gold?" After a moment of reverie, Yarsha shouted in a fluster, "This is real? That legendary Sumatra Gold exists?"

"Is it really that big of a deal?" Brangara scratched his ear.

"Of course!" Yarsha grabbed Brangara by the shoulder, "This is the legendary mineral every human cultivator desires to get their hands upon. Legends state that a human cultivator from the Brimgan Empire managed to figure out a way to integrate Sumatra Gold into his Human Avatar. Even though it was a tiny sum, it allowed him to become the strongest human cultivator to date, possessing power surpassing a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast."

"This is that valuable, huh?" Brangara nodded, making a funny expression, unable to figure out whether to laugh or cry.

"Why are you making that face?" Yarsha seemed angry, "Are you mocking Sumatra Gold?"

"Do you know how it forms?" Brangara asked.

"I don't," Yarsha shook her head like it was obvious, "If I knew, I would have found it by now."

"Sumatra Gold is a tumour that grows in a Mystic Grade Pranic Beast's Spirit Container." Brangara said, "I don't know the cause or reason, but it steadily accumulates in our Spirit Containers. When its size reaches a certain point, it causes us pain. So, we generally extract them."

"It's a tumour?" Yarsha stared at the Sumatra Gold in a daze.

"The Mystic Tentacles tried to research upon Sumatra Gold generation after generation, but they failed to find an answer." Brangara continued, "They are as mysterious as Parute Trees."

He then asked, "Are you able to build your Human Avatar using it?"

"As a mineral, it qualifies. This is the best there exists. But," Yarsha sighed, "I need to devise a suitable cultivation technique first. I need to find a mineral that's compatible with Sumatra Gold and derive a cultivation technique that merges them seamlessly. Only then can I start building my Human Avatar."

"Why do you need to integrate it with another mineral?" Brangara frowned, "Isn't it better to primarily fuse with the best mineral?"

"Well, that's obvious." Yarsha nodded, "But where will I find that much Sumatra Gold? It's impossible to get enough for a single Human Avatar, not to mention the rest I'll have to build at the Life Stage."

"You needn't worry about that," Saying so, Brangara took out a small bag filled with Sumatra Gold, "This is my stash alone. Give me some time and I'll find the stash of the Mystic Tentacles."

"They have been becoming Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts for hundreds of generations. They all must have stashed Sumatra Gold somewhere." He said, "Sumatra Gold is useless for Pranic Beasts anyway. So, they'll remain untouched to date. Give me some time and I'll bring you as much as you need to reach the peak of cultivation."

"Wow! You're the best!" Yarsha cheered, "I'll start creating a suitable cultivation technique then."

"Here, take this. They'll serve as a valuable reference for you." Saying so, Brangara took out two slabs of granite and infused a cultivation technique in each. This granite slab was the Bone Slip equivalent of the Zahara Kingdom.

Brangara had obviously been there before and had learnt their cultivation techniques too.

Holding the two granite slabs, Yarsha frowned upon seeing the level of detail present in the cultivation techniques within, "What the heck are these? Are you telling me such an intricate cultivation technique exists?"

"Of course, they are Mystic Grade Cultivation Techniques, after all." Brangara nodded, "They are the two pinnacle cultivation techniques of Sumatra."

The Mammoth Clan's Mystic Bone Art!

The Cooter Clan's Mystic Mist Art!

Both were the highest grade of cultivation arts that could exist. Brangara had stolen them both after devouring a bunch of Empyrean Tusks and Empyrean Snappers. And now, he gave them to Yarsha, "Using these two as the base, you can create a Mystic Grade cultivation technique suitable for yourself. Our children too will learn it."

"I'll help you perfect it using my vast knowledge." He concluded. It was the start of the rise of the third power in Sumatra Continent, following the Cooter Clan and Mammoth Clan.

The Wean Clan!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 158 Transcendent Eater
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At the same time when the Wean Clan was established, the herd of 104 Empyrean Tusks exited the Dieng Canyon, proceeding about in their new route.

In Sumatra Chronicles, the focus was only on the smaller herd of 43 Empyrean Tusks. But now, after the merger, they reached the three digits. The moment they did so, the herd began to unleash a formless pressure onto its surroundings, causing any approaching Pranic Beasts to weaken in response.

While the herd left the Dieng Canyon, a figure jumped from the head of the 1st Empyrean Tusk, carrying a boy in his arms.

Mammoth Clan Chief—Raaha!

In his hold was Blola. Raaha landed on the mountain at the Dieng Canyon's edge. His arrival caused the Zingers there to flee in fear, for they were merely Zinger Scouts, the weakest of their kind even among scouts.

On the empty mountain peak, Raaha threw Blola and observed the latter, "Have you stabilised completely?"

"Yes," Blola closed his eyes and sensed his Spirit Container, "I have just finished comprehending my powers. I'm fully in control now."

"What is it called?" Raaha asked next, "What is its grade?"

"Gold Grade," Blola said, "But that's simply after it assimilated into me. In truth, it's a far scarier existence."

Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Transcendent Eater!

This wasn't a creature that was supposed to exist in Sumatra Continent. Rather, it was an existence feared by the Transcendents in the worlds hovering high up in the sky.

A Transcendent Eater devoured even Transcendents, a terrifying existence unlike others, hence its name.

"It isn't a native creature. Rather, it came from the cosmos and one of the Transcendent Worlds assimilated it into itself, resulting in the birth of the Transcendent Eater." Blola explained, "When a Parute Tree remains untouched for a million years, it creates a Parute Seed. It would then germinate into the Parute Tree King. If even that is left untouched for a million years, it evolves once again."

"But this time, it's able to move and hunt around, becoming the Transcendent Eater." Blola said, "Had a Transcendent Eater appeared in Sumatra Continent, all life would have been devoured overnight. It's that powerful since even Transcendents flee on sight."

"You mean to say you've fused with such an entity?" Raaha felt it hard to believe, "Is that even possible?"

"I'm not an actual Transcendent Eater," Blola shook his head, "Mine has regressed to a Pranic Beast version. Therefore, it's well within the power norms of Sumatra Continent. Its current power is only equal to a Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast."

"Alright, show it to me," Raaha said and stepped back a little. "What exactly is a Transcendent Eater's power?"

Primary Nature—Memory Revival!

A Transcendent Eater was able to revive all the Transcendents it had consumed. And once revived, these Transcendents became its servants, following its will. That was why a Transcendent Eater was feared.

After all, the longer it lived and consumed, the stronger it became, capable of growing virtually without limits. There have been Transcendent Worlds that were fully taken over by a Transcendent Eater.

The Gold Grade Pranic Beast version Blola had was a watered-down nerfed version of a Transcendent Eater. It could only revive two people. And the revival slot was his Natures.

Since his Secondary and Tertiary Natures were empty, he could revive two cultivators. Moreover, unlike the other Mammoth Clan cultivators at the Body Stage that needed to consume Empyrean Tusk bone powder to build their bodies, Blola's was automatic.

Once Raaha backed away, Blola activated his transformation. In response, all the Prana in his Spirit Container was consumed, causing tiny tendrils to jut out of his feet and dig into the ground. These tendrils resembled his hair at the start.

They behaved like roots and began to voraciously suck in the soil's nutrients, thickening up in response. Just as how a tree grew from a sapling stage, Blola's body began to transform, slowly, but surely.

Raaha patiently waited in response. The Empyrean Tusk herd had already vanished from the horizon, proceeding in its route. He commanded them to not stop, for that would cause problems with their resource accumulation.

Now that the herd had crossed a hundred in number, no region could singlehandedly facilitate their need for resources. If they remained in one place for more than a month, they would suck up the region dry.

Hence, it was mandatory to keep moving. It was why Raaha made them leave while he stayed behind with Blola.

He had already reached the peak of cultivation. Hence, he had no need for resources other than food. His Ten-Storey Storage Lantern had more than enough food for his consumption.

With his strength, he had nothing to worry about. Even alone, he could destroy a Kingdom casually, being one of the strongest cultivators at Sumatra Continent presently.

Besides, he kept Blola's changes a secret, hence why they were alone. As days passed in such a fashion, Raaha kept note of Blola's growth.

Two months later, Blola's body finished growing. A tree reaching twenty metres in height, sporting a dozen flowers shaped like a pitcher plant's pitcher. Its insides were jagged while vines akin to tentacles squirmed around inside, behaving as tongues.

Parute Fruits began to grow on its branches, gradually ripening. They were dense, with each fruit capable of granting a unit of Prana. The roots behaved like the legs of a millipede, too numerous to count, squirming incessantly while they dug into the ground and consumed the soil.

"Blola," Raaha uttered once he judged Blola's growth was complete, "How's your cultivation?"

"Chief, I'm at the peak of the Body Stage." Blola said, "Though, it seems I cannot build a second body for some reason. I can't figure out the reason but I feel it's something related to the mind."

Raaha stretched his hand and tugged casually, causing a Zinger from far away to fly into his grasp. He threw it before Blola, "Consume it and revive it. Let's experiment and see how effective your ability is."

"I'm afraid, I cannot, Chief." Blola apologised, "Currently, I can consume two beings and fill their data in the slots of my Secondary and Tertiary Natures. But somehow, these two slots are already filled."

"Filled with who?" Raaha asked, feeling mildly irritated.

"Orakha and Yennda," Blola said, "Two of the seven Death Row students from the previous 44th Settlement."

Seeing Raaha's confusion, Blola stated, sighing in response, "I can now understand why this happened, Chief."

"The one that caused this is Renduldu."

"Renduldu?" Raaha's eyes widened in surprise, "You mean the previous Mystic Tentacle and our Clan's staunch ally, that Renduldu?"

"Yes," Blola nodded, "He was behind everything. This is his last show of support to our Clan. The Transcendent Eater's power is his final contingency measure against the Boar King."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 159 Orakha Returns
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The reason no life could exist on Ennoudu Plains was thanks to the actions of the Mystic Tentacles. It was unknown for how long they existed. Some clues state that they have been there since the birth of Sumatra Continent.

And since the start, they had unlocked the path to Mystic Grade. Every era on Sumatra Continent birthed a Mystic Tentacle.

After a few eras, the then Mystic Tentacle intended to create a new power for its race. In research towards that, it turned towards the power of a Parute Tree.

Even though it was rare, once a cultivator reached the peak of cultivation, they could communicate with their ancestors in the Transcendent World. Through it, the Mystic Tentacles of every era were able to know what was happening in the Transcendent World.

Upon understanding the problems that their race had been facing in the Transcendent World, one fine Mystic Tentacle researched the Parute Tree, knowing very well they were dregs produced from a Transcendent Eater.

Therefore, the Mystic Tentacle created the Ennoudu Plains and caused a Parute Tree to grow in the region, situated at the end of a long tunnel-like cave.

The goal was to birth a Transcendent Eater on Sumatra Continent and steal its power, thereby creating a new race of Mystic Tentacles that possess the abilities of a Transcendent Eater.

Of course, it wasn't a feat that could be completed within its lifespan. Even though Mystic Grade Pranic Beasts have a long lifespan, that was only 10,000 years.

For a Parute Tree to create a Parute Seed, it needed a million years. Therefore, the task was taken up by generation after generation of Mystic Tentacles.

All Parute Trees had an owner. It was because both Humans and Pranic Beasts were able to instinctively sense a lone Parute Tree. That was why the Mystic Tentacles went through great pains to refine the Ennoudu Plains era after era to ensure no life was supported on it.

They used the grey sand from the Sandy-Grey Void to further terraform the region. Things proceeded as planned. The power of a Mystic Tentacle allowed it to perceive the truth of nature. Hence, any plans they create would withstand the test of time.

Finally, it was Renduldu's turn. Upon observing the wilting Parute Tree, he determined it would complete the process only two millennia after his ascension. Therefore, their plan would have to be completed by his successor.

Unfortunately, when Renduldu used his ability to glean details about when his successor would appear, he drew a blank. That meant the next era didn't belong to the Mystic Tentacles but some other race.

It was only for an era though as Renduldu could perceive the reappearance of Mystic Tentacles after that one era.

But that missing era was the most important among them all, for it was when the Parute Seed would appear. The appearance of the Parute Seed meant half the process was done. But, it was futile if there wasn't a Mystic Tentacle to oversee it.

If another Mystic Grade Pranic Beast were to appear, it would eventually sense the Parute seed's presence. There was a stronger possibility of it consuming the Parute Seed to further its own ambitions.

Renduldu took a gamble upon seeing Gannala. He felt the Parute Seed would be helpful for her and eventually assist his race's goals. Hence, he made preparations accordingly.

Once he left for the Transcendent World and returned after two millennia, Renduldu observed the Parute Seed. When he brought the souls of the six reincarnates to Earth, he coded their data in the Parute Seed, knowing through Resha's memories that he would consume the Parute Seed in the future.

Since he planned to make the six reincarnates know the existence of the Parute Seed through Sumatra Chronicles, he knew with assurance that one of them would consume the seed.

Hence, he used his power to ensure the Parute Seed would hatch prematurely once consumed by either Resha or one of the reincarnates. Had it hatched after another million years, it would be a proper Transcendent Eater that was capable of devouring Transcendents without limits.

But since the Parute Seed hatched prematurely, it only became a Pranic Beast equivalent. Blola's Spirit Container was that of an Empyrean Tusk, a Gold Grade Pranic Beast. After consuming it, the Transcendent Eater evolved into a Gold Grade Pranic Beast variant.

And based on the order of their deaths, the reincarnates took up the slots, since their information was already coded into the Transcendent Eater.

In Blola's Secondary Nature was Orakha, the first death among the reincarnates. In the Tertiary Nature was Yennda. Thankfully, only two of them had died.

Had a third one died, there would have been no way to revive him, since Blola only had two slots. The way Memory Revival worked was through some mysterious cause and effect that Blola couldn't make sense of.

But the individual he revives would possess the same strength he had moments before death. It was basically a checkpoint for Resha and the reincarnates.

As long as Blola was alive, two of them could revive without issues and constantly target the Boar King. Incessant waves would eventually topple the tallest of mountains. That was Renduldu's actual scheme to ensure the Mammoth Clan had a future.

Blola didn't know all these details. All he was aware of was the fact that Renduldu was the reason Orakha and Yennda occupied his two revival slots.

He then focused on them, appearing in a void to stare at two fruits. The size of the fruits would vary depending on the individual's potential and accumulation, also a direct representation of their path.

"What the hell! Why is the size difference so much?" Blola was stunned as he stared at the two fruits before him. The fruit representing Yennda was human size, but the fruit representing Orakha was ten times bigger.

He couldn't understand the reason, only knowing that Orakha's potential for greatness vastly outclassed Yennda. He then relayed the thoughts to Raaha, asking who to revive first, "Chief, it'll take some time to revive them."

"Start with Orakha," Raaha said.

"Alright," Blola focused on the fruit representing Orakha in his mind space. In reality, a fruit began to grow from one of the Transcendent Eater branches, gradually growing in size.

Twenty days later, the fruit fell on the ground and hatched like an egg, revealing a naked Orakha in the same pose as a human baby in its mother's womb.

"Gah…Khahh!" Orakha coughed violently as he grabbed his jaw, confused upon realising that it was intact. He then observed his limbs, seeing that they were attached, "I'm…not dead?"

"Was that a dream…" He muttered before a piece of information surfaced in his mind, fed to him by the Transcendent Eater moments before he hatched, "I died to the Mud Vipers, huh?"

He glanced at the carnivorous tree beside him, inhaled a deep breath, and bellowed in anger, "Reeshaaaa!"

"You damn bastar…!" His overexertion shattered his ribs. As one of them pierced his heart, Orakha coughed out blood and collapsed to the ground, dead.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 160 Raaha Investigates
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Huff…puff…" Orakha gasped for breath after he was revived a second time. He stared at the figure of Raaha standing before him and bowed in response, "I greet the Mammoth Clan Chief!"

"You know me?" It was Raaha's turn to be surprised, "I don't think we encountered each other before."

"Yes, that's true." Orakha subtly eyed the carnivorous tree beside him and motioned to talk farther away. As the carnivorous tree was in the process of developing a second fruit, Blola couldn't hear their exchange.

Raaha brought Orakha far away and erected an energy barrier around them, preventing details of their conversation from leaking out. He then stared at Orakha and motioned for the latter to speak, "Tell me what you know."

"Blola's Transcendent Eater isn't entirely on our side." Orakha said, "While I was being revived, I could access the information stored in the Transcendent Eater. The Mystic Tentacle, Renduldu couldn't entirely erase the Transcendent Eater's will. Therefore, the longer Blola remains transformed, the greater its growth. Eventually, it'll erase his mind and take over his body."

"Where's the proof of your claim?" Raaha asked.

"Please allow me to revive a couple dozen times." Orakha said, "By then, you'll be able to observe changes in Blola's mentality."

"Alright, go ahead." Saying so, Raaha extended his hand and pointed at Orakha, vaporising the latter instantly.

He then approached the Gold Grade Transcendent Eater and spoke, "Continue reviving Orakha."

"Alright," A reply came once the fruit belonging to Yennda finished forming. Soon, it hatched, revealing a confused Yennda.

"I…failed," Yennda muttered, disappointed, "Why did I even think otherwise?"

"Are you Yennda?" Raaha stared at the latter, observing him with a hint of disappointment, 'I felt interested in Orakha's presence. He's strong by mind to the extent I want to see what he's up to. But this Yennda guy is…lacklustre.'

During the merger, Raaha noticed a few things. First of all, was the Boar King's declaration towards Resha. Second, were the strange existences that resembled an Empyrean Tusk more than a Mammoth Clansman, despite being a Clansmen themselves.

The point of note here was the seven Death Row students from Gannala's Settlement. Having reached the pinnacle of cultivation as a Mammoth Clansman and having accessed the final segment of the Mystic Bone Art, belonging to the Transcendent Stage, Raaha was capable of conversing with all Empyrean Tusks.

Hence, when he discussed with them, he realised that the herd of 44 Empyrean Tusks was singlehandedly created by Gannala. That seemed impossible.

An Empyrean Tusk, throughout its life, was at most capable of giving birth twice. And this was only for the strongest among Empyrean Tusks. The weaker ones could only succeed once.

But Gannala gave birth to 43 Empyrean Tusks? Even though he wished to claim that it was a lie, the truth lay before him. Empyrean Tusks never lied. And since they all claimed the same story, he had no other choice but to believe it, concluding that Gannala was different from the rest.

And she was explicitly showing support to seven of her children, those with the Fragment Disease. Upon knowing that, Raaha became curious and began observing them.

It was then he saw the figure of Virala stealthily walking deeper into the Dieng Canyon while Resha followed him from behind. Just as he was curious about what they intended to do, he was surprised to see Resha trying to kill Virala.

'I can't have that.' Since he had yet to figure out the truth, he stopped Resha. Originally, had any other Mammoth Clansman done the same, he would have punished them severely.

But his curiosity took priority here, especially since the presence he felt from Resha and Virala was unlike anything he ever witnessed.

Resha exerted the presence of an Empyrean Tusk more than the Empyrean Tusks. Similarly, Virala exerted the presence of a Mammoth Clansman more than all the Mammoth Clansmen.

Grehha had the capability of nurturing an Empyrean Tusk baby, raising the success rate close to the maximum. This meant that any Mammoth Clansman with the Fragment Disease could birth an Empyrean Tusk successfully.

With his presence around, the success rate was a hundred percent.

Raaha didn't know much about Inala. However, the previous incident he observed caused him to have a stronger opinion of Inala.

Right as the merger started, baby Gannala's voice resounded amidst the herd, alerting all Empyrean Tusks. But the distance was too far to reach in a short time.

Despite that, they wished to move. After all, the herd was now strong enough to protect their newborn. But as they took action, they noticed the Boar King racing towards the source first.

Even if they wished to stop him, they couldn't, due to the vast distance between the two. And the Boar King's speed was superior to them.

From time to time, they heard baby Gannala's voice, one of pain. But suddenly, four days later, they realised what was up once the Boar King arrived before the voice.

The voice was a fake. The Empyrean Tusks were smarter than a human. They quickly figured out that Inala had set a trap for the Boar King and the latter had fallen prey to it.

It was the first time one of them played the Boar King like that, causing the Empyrean Tusk herd to break into a fit of laughter. Of course, the frequency of the sound produced by their laughter couldn't be felt by the Mammoth Clan.

Only Raaha could hear it, understanding that Inala too was something worth keeping an eye on. It made him curious about the rest of the Death Row students.

Moreover, at his level, he could see through all Mammoth Clansmen. If he wanted, he could access all information in their bodies as he did through a Bone Slip, for that was what a cultivator that had mastered the Mystic Bone Art could do.

It was also why Undrakha was able to extract all information out of Brangara back in the day—because Brangara was using the Mystic Bone Art.

When Blola approached Raaha in terror, even though he didn't exhibit it, Raaha was fuming, because he clearly sensed the presence of an Empyrean Tusk in Blola, not similar to the one he felt from Resha and Virala, but one gained from killing an Empyrean Tusk.

Blola gained the power of an Empyrean Tusk by killing it. And that Empyrean Tusk was the baby that was stolen from his herd.

But he had to control his anger, for none of the Empyrean Tusks did anything, even though they all could feel it too. It was why Raaha controlled himself and took on the task of observing Blola, and in response, Orakha and Yennda too, now that they had been revived.

'I haven't felt Inala's presence, so I cannot judge him. But from what I sensed, Orakha has the second strongest presence, right after Resha.' He then stared at the carnivorous tree and the saddened figure of Yennda near it, 'And these two have the weakest presence. They seem barely special and only thanks to whatever Gannala had done.'

As he thought, his expression subtly turned cold as he stared at the carnivorous tree, 'But no matter what, killing an Empyrean Tusk signs your death sentence. I'll be watching you, Blola.'

'You become even the slightest bit useless to the Clan, and I'll be the first to dispose you.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 161 Iron Empyrean Tentacle’s Power
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What do you wish to do, Yennda?" Orakha asked once he was revived for the third time.

"I…don't know." Yennda said, drooping in sadness, "Whatever I planned for has failed. Now, I'm simply Blola's slave. I have no future."

"I see," Muttering as such, Orakha walked away. Arriving behind a large boulder, he watched an energy barrier erect around themselves and spoke, "Chief, as long as his body absorbs enough blood of an Empyrean Tusk, he'll become one too."

"Does that apply to everyone with the Fragment Disease?" Raaha asked.

"No," Orakha shook his head, "Based on what I absorbed this time, it seems only us seven are eligible for that."

"Alright, go find out more." Saying so, Raaha vaporised Orakha.

Coded within the Transcendent Eater was information about all seven Death Row students. And this information was being updated in real-time through Renduldu's power infused within it.

Blola's Spirit Container was the baby Empyrean Tusk he had killed and absorbed the heart of. The Transcendent Eater had used that as its pot to take root and grow within, gradually filling up the container.

Therefore, present within the container was the essence of both an Empyrean Tusk and Transcendent Eater. While Orakha's body was being constructed, his Fragment Disease harnessed the Empyrean Tusk essence naturally.

And while it flowed into his body, it also tugged part of the Transcendent Eater essence into him. Present in the Transcendent Eater essence was the coded data. As Orakha absorbed it, he gained information gathered by Resha and the reincarnates.

Yennda couldn't do so since his Fragment Disease was at its weakest. He had given birth to a baby Empyrean Tusk after all. Therefore, the path Gannala established in him had already been transferred to baby Harrala.

As a result, Yennda caused no reaction in the Empyrean Tusk essence.

Originally, Yennda's situation was supposed to be the case for everyone. Despite the danger involved, all reincarnates knew better to survive and accumulate strength strategically. Even if they died, it would only be after they had attained the Body Stage at the very least.

By then, they all would have a child or two and the paths in them would have moved into their children. Even Renduldu assumed that to be the case.

But as a regressor, Resha's actions could no longer be predicted. And when he killed Orakha, things went out of plan right then and there.

And now, Orakha was at the Spirit Stage. His Fragment Disease was at its full power, not to mention the path in him being the second strongest among the seven. As a result, his presence instinctively called forth the Empyrean Tusk essence within the Transcendent Eater.

Most of all, he died on the first day, the day when the souls of all reincarnates had surfaced as a result of Renduldu's power.

Therefore, when he was being revived, Orakha's body was being built in the same state as his death. That state also included Renduldu's power which affected him at the time.

As a result, every time he revived, Orakha absorbed the essence of the powers dominant in the Transcendent Eater—Empyrean Tusk, Renduldu, and Transcendent Eater.

Upon activating his Mystic Bone Art, the absorbed essences fused into his body, gradually causing his Prana levels to increase. By his twentieth revival, Orakha reached the peak of the Spirit Stage and fused his 100 Spirit Containers into a singular whole.

Raaha killed him right after.

The Transcendent Eater began to revive him immediately. This time, he was being built at a cultivation level that had just entered the Body Stage, but with an empty Spirit Container.

To truly enter the Body Stage, he would have to fuse with a Pranic Beast egg. Orakha wished to experiment and see if it was possible.

After all, Resha gained the cure in that state within Gannala's heart by absorbing her essence nonstop. Even without fusing with a Pranic Beast egg, he gained an Empyrean Tusk's power.

A baby was birthed in a woman. It was a result of the condensation of genetics, lifeforce, and resources. For a Pranic Beast or cultivator, Prana too was condensed in the womb.

When Resha was absorbing Gannala's essence, his empty Spirit Container acted as that womb. Eventually, as enough of her lifeforce, Prana, genetics, and resources condensed in it, a life was formed. And this life fused directly with the Spirit Container it formed within.

Orakha was attempting the same this time. And, he planned to die and revive until a life begins to grow in his empty Spirit Container and end up fusing with it. That was the smartest way to obtain a strong power.

After all, within the Transcendent Eater were the powers of an Empyrean Tusk, a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle, and a Transcendent Eater—Gold Grade, Mystic Grade, and Transcendence respectively.

Blola was too stupid to even understand the wealth in his possession, and neither did he have the means to take advantage of it. Hence, through Raaha, Orakha took them upon himself, treating Blola simply as his revival device.

Technically, Orakha couldn't harm Blola. Just because of this one reason, Blola didn't care about whatever Orakha did, blindly listening to whatever Raaha ordered him to do.

When he revived the 21st time, Orakha smiled, having obtained a Nature. By remaining in an extreme situation—doing nothing but die, absorbing information while being revived, and reviving in a loop—for more than a year, Orakha finally obtained a Nature.

Secondary Nature—Daily Checkpoint!

It took him twenty days to revive. And it was currently his 21st revival. Therefore, he had spent more than enough duration in the same situation to end up obtaining a Nature.

Daily Checkpoint was the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's Primary Nature. The power currently was in the Boar King's possession.

Renduldu was originally an Iron Empyrean Tentacle before he evolved into a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle. Therefore, by absorbing enough of his essence, Orakha had obtained this power.

But, there was one absolute law to be noted here. In Sumatra Continent, the Empyrean Tentacle was its blessed race. And the powers of the Empyrean Tentacle could only exist as a single copy.

Raaha had fused with a Gold Empyrean Tentacle, gaining its power of Thought Condensation. Yahard Tusk fused with a Silver Empyrean Tentacle, gaining its power of Prana Solidification. And finally, to prevent the arrival of a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle, the Boar King swallowed an Iron Empyrean Tentacle soon after becoming the Boar King.

Rather, it was his first priority, hence preventing the birth of his strongest competitor. As long as he held onto its power, an Iron Empyrean Tentacle wouldn't be born on Sumatra. As a result, a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle will never appear.

But now that Orakha gained the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's power, there was a clash. In Sumatra's rules, there could only be one of it. As a result, when the rules took effect, they observed the source through which Orakha and the Boar King gained the power.

The Boar King devoured an Iron Empyrean Tentacle while Orakha gained it from Renduldu's essence. Since a Transcendent was involved, Sumatra Continent's cause and effect contacted Renduldu in a Transcendent World, since he was part of its blessed race.

An instant later, the Boar King's howls echoed throughout Varahan Enclave as he lost the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's power.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 162 Compound Human Avatar
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"How…what just happened?" The Boar King was in a state of fluster upon seeing the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's Nature disappear from his Astral Chart. 'Is it about to revive?'

"Did something happen?" Yarsha Zahara asked in concern.

"I lost the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's power." The Boar King explained the details, "I was saving it to prevent the Mystic Empyrean Tentacle's birth. But somehow, it disappeared from my Astral Chart."

While the concerned duo were butting heads about the cause, Orakha was jubilant, 'It's a success!'

Daily Checkpoint was a power that had an effect for a day. Orakha could select a location and place a checkpoint there. After that, as long as he's killed within the next 24 hours, he would revive at the checkpoint.

And while reviving, he could pick any state of being he was at during the 24 hours to revive. Maybe if he consumed a valuable Elixir, he could kill himself while fleeing and revive in a state of being where he had just consumed the Elixir.

Even though the effects lasted only for 24 hours, it was a valuable ability. Moreover, once the duration ends, Orakha could activate it once again.

It was also this ability that Renduldu fused with Prana Solidification and Thought Condensation to derive his future sight ability upon becoming a Mystic Empyrean Tentacle.

Orakha approached the location behind the boulder and spoke to Raaha, "Chief, I obtained the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's power as my Secondary Nature."

"You did?" Raaha's eyes lit up before he roared in laughter, "That's great! It's worth the time spent here!"

He knew about Sumatra Continent's bias towards the Empyrean Tentacles. The fact that Orakha obtained the Iron Empyrean Tentacle's power meant the Boar King lost it.

This also meant that currently, the Mammoth Clan held all three powers of the Empyrean Tentacle Race.

'As long as we take caution, we can pass on the powers of the Empyrean Tentacle through the Mammoth Clan generation after generation.' Raaha thought. He didn't just blindly believe it to be the case.

Rather, the Mammoth Clan possessed records left behind by Renduldu detailing the workings of the Empyrean Tentacle race. Through it, Raaha could take measures to ensure the Mammoth Clan would possess the powers of all three Empyrean Tentacles.

And if the need arises, they could work on the birth of a Mystic Tentacle. The initiative lay with them from henceforth.

He patted Orakha on the shoulder and disintegrated him, "Continue whatever you're doing."

While Orakha continued to die and revive, Yennda was sent to the Ennoudu Plains to live on a diet of Spirit Moss alone. He was accompanied by a team of talented Mammoth Clansmen, all of whom were evaluated to have enough potential to become masters in the future.

The goal of them all was to gain the Secondary Nature of Spirit Moss Cultivator. Since Raaha knew the value of that Nature, he had no plans to leave it be. Hence, he had already set things in motion.

Besides that, a panel had been established to research the environmental conditions in various regions along their route that could nurture a Nature in them, planning to use them to strengthen the Mammoth Clan by a whole other level.

Yennda was simply made to accompany the team already en route to Ennoudu Plains. Besides, if the team were to encounter any mishaps, Blola could revive Yennda. They'll be able to figure out the cause through him then.

Yes, that was Yennda's purpose. Since he lost his value, Raaha planned to use Yennda as a tester, the first one to be sacrificed to figure out the danger level of any place.

In his 45th Revival, Orakha sat cross-legged on the ground as he felt the changes in his body. Slowly, his eyes shot open as he smiled. He had officially entered the Body Stage.

Tertiary Nature—Mystic Eater!

Primary Nature—Human Avatar!

Mystic Eater was a derivative of a Transcendent Eater, limited to devouring resources, specifically the minerals necessary to build a Human Avatar.

Mystic Eater wasn't just limited to devouring resources. Rather, the moment Orakha devours a mineral resource through it, he'll instantly obtain the cultivation technique necessary to build the mineral into his Human Avatar. And this change would be done to his Mystic Bone Art.

Yes, Orakha was taking a Free Human's cultivation route while remaining a Mammoth Clansman. That was achieved through his Primary Nature of Human Avatar.

While he continued to die and revive, the various essences were absorbed in his body. Eventually, they condensed in his Spirit Container to birth another him, basically a mutated Pranic Beast version of himself that mimicked a Free Human.

But for a Free Human, the Primary Nature they obtained was based on the mineral used to build their Human Avatar. Orakha's was a bit different.

Through Mystic Eater, Orakha could consume any resource of his desire and incorporate it into his Human Avatar. His Mystic Bone Art would be modified accordingly.

And since his Primary Nature was the Human Avatar, he could rebuild his Human Avatar as he pleased, in conjunction with his Mystic Eater.

Suppose he chances upon a valuable mineral in the future, but by then, he's already at the 4-Life Stage. Then through Mystic Eater, he would devour the mineral. Following that, Mystic Eater would modify his Mystic Bone Art accordingly to integrate the mineral into his Human Avatar.

Thereby, he would split the mineral into four parts and integrate them into his four Human Avatars respectively. Moreover, if he chances upon more of the mineral in the future, he could modify his Human Avatar further.

And if he feels the current version is weaker, he could remove some minerals, make the necessary modifications, and change his power. For other Free Humans, this wasn't possible.

It took them a lifetime just to create a cultivation technique and generations upon generations to refine and increase its efficiency, eventually raising its Grade.

They'll have to carefully build their Human Avatar according to the cultivation technique, keeping the mineral pure. If their cultivation technique doesn't allow other minerals, having a purity of less than 100 percent could cause their Human Avatar to collapse. It was risky.

Thanks to his Primary and Tertiary Natures, Orakha would become the first in Sumatra to build a compound Human Avatar, able to optimise the effect according to his wishes until the power he could unleash surpasses what the strongest of pure mineral Human Avatars could unleash.

Since he succeeded, Orakha approached Raaha and bowed in response, "Chief, I have hit the limit to the information I can obtain from the Transcendent Eater. If I try to gain any more, the Transcendent Eater's will would start growing."

"Record everything in this." Saying so, Raaha pointed at a massive Bone Slip.

Nodding in response, Orakha recorded everything he wished to convey to Raaha, withholding sensitive information that only Resha and the reincarnates ought to know.

Raaha accessed the information in the Bone Slip and frowned in response, "The Boar King's planning to create his Clansmen?"

"That's worrying."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 163 Orakha Leaves for Brimgan Empire
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Who came to know this information?" Raaha asked.

"Inala," Orakha said, "He's currently living in a region blocked from the rest of Sumatra by a Mudropper's powers."

"A Mudropper?" Raaha was stunned, "There's still a Mudropper in Sumatra?"

"Yes," Orakha nodded, "In the region it created, there exist four other Silver Grade Pranic Beasts: Rockatrice, Carcass Snail, Rooted Clam, and a Boutique Lizard. There's also an offshoot of the Brimgan Empire living there. They call themselves the Ganrimb Kingdom."

"Currently, all five Silver Grade Pranic Beasts are in the process of creating a Ravaged Tribe. Seeing their actions was what inspired the Boar King to create his Clansmen." Orakha sighed.

Honestly, he wished to know more about Inala upon knowing the influence he had on the Boar King. But there was a limit to what he could find out from the database. All core information regarding Resha and the reincarnates was heavily protected.

Had he tried to access them, the Transcendent Eater's will would have surfaced, putting an end to his plans. Hence, he didn't disturb them and only absorbed the information he could obtain without consequences.

Even that was a lot, allowing him to know what the Resha and the reincarnates were up to. After explaining everything he wanted, Orakha said, "Chief, there's a problem with Blola."

"I know," Raaha said, "I have been observing him all along. So, I have an idea already."

The Transcendent Eater's revival wasn't without limits. The stronger the revival target, the greater the strain it endured. There's a strong chance of it wilting after reviving the current Resha once.

In terms of Grade, Resha was at the Expert Gold Grade while the Transcendent Eater was at the Beginner Gold Grade. In terms of cultivation, Blola was currently at the peak of the Body Stage while Resha was only around eighty percent into the Body Stage.

But the moment Resha's cultivation reaches equal to Blola or surpasses him, reviving him wouldn't be possible. This was the first limitation.

The second limitation stemmed from Blola himself. As the months passed, his mind was gradually being assimilated by the Transcendent Eater.

As long as it had taken root, the Transcendent Eater was capable of growing on its own. If it was allowed to develop freely, it would breeze through the cultivation ranks at the Life Stage.

The stronger it got, the faster it would devour Blola's mind. Hence, Renduldu added a restriction, stopping its growth at the peak of the Body Stage.

Only when Blola's mind develops enough to suppress and overcome it would he be able to cultivate into the 2-Life Stage. But the current Blola showed no signs of that. He was already losing to the Transcendent Eater.

Therefore, at this pace, forget cultivating to higher stages, Blola would continue weakening until the Transcendent Eater devours his mind. Once it becomes free, it would take root and blaze through the cultivation ranks and reach the 10-Life Stage.

It will then reach the Transcendence Stage and leave Sumatra Continent. And before that, it would wreak havoc through the Mammoth Clan.

If they don't do something, this is bound to happen. Hence, Blola needs to be trained enough so that he picks up the slack and wins the battle of the mind.

"It's impossible to erase the Transcendent Eater's will. I tried and failed." Raaha said, "A mysterious power is preventing it from being erased. This feels similar to how Sumatra Continent guards the power of the Mystic Empyrean Tentacles. So, the only option we have left is to train Blola."

"Yes, Chief." Orakha nodded, "At this pace, Blola will become useless once the six of us reach the Life Stage. He would become incapable of reviving us. I don't know the full story, but from what I found out, Gannala created us seven with two goals in mind."

"First is to complete the route to the Mystic Grade. And second is to kill the Boar King." He continued, "And the only one who knows the entire truth regarding both plans is Inala. It seems he inherited that information from Gannala. Moreover, his daughter is Gannala's successor. So, it's mandatory to meet with them as soon as possible."

"Hmm…Ganrimb Kingdom…" Raaha muttered, "It's not anywhere close to our new route. And even if we were to send a team, Inala might be gone by the time they reach the Ganrimb Kingdom. Our paths coincide at the Brimgan Empire, so it's best to wait until then."

"I wish to go there early, Chief." Orakha bowed, "My cultivation requires mineral resources, which isn't found in our Settlement. By heading to the Brimgan Empire, I can gain the various resources in their possession to create the strongest Human Avatar. Moreover, with my abilities, I can serve as a communication point between us."

Once he heads to the Brimgan Empire and meets Inala, Orakha could commit suicide when the situation deemed necessary and be revived by Blola, communicating with the Mammoth Clan. Moreover, if Blola were to improve by then and improve his cultivation to the Life Stage, he might be able to revive Orakha within a day.

As long as that was possible, Orakha could place a checkpoint at the Brimgan Empire, die, get revived by Blola, communicate with the Mammoth Clan, die, and revive at the Checkpoint. It would allow the Mammoth Clan to keep tabs on the Brimgan Empire from far away.

That was a solid proposition, since the Brimgan Empire was one of the strongest human civilisations in Sumatra.

Moreover, with his Human Avatar, as long as Orakha keeps it active, his presence would be that of a Free Human and not a Mammoth Clansman, the perfect disguise to remain active in a place like the Brimgan Empire filled with powerhouses.

"Chief, I promise to accumulate a large wealth for the Clan by the time the herd reaches the Brimgan Empire." Seeing that Raaha wasn't fully convinced, Orakha said in a hurry.

"How much are we talking?" Raaha raised an eyebrow, his interest piqued.

"The Mammoth Clan's annual budget," Orakha said.

"If you are boasting without substance…" Raaha turned mildly serious. Orakha didn't promise to accumulate a year's worth of his Settlement's budget, but the entire Mammoth Clan's. That implied he would amass a wealth worth the annual budget of the entire Mammoth Clan, stretching across 104 Settlements. That was an exorbitant sum. And he promised to accumulate that within 17 years, for that was when the Empyrean Tusk herd would reach the Brimgan Empire.

"I'm confident," Orakha patted his chest, "With my current abilities, I'm not boasting. And, if I were to fail, I'd commit suicide and return to the Clan and find another way to contribute."

"Alright, don't waste the chance," Raaha said and brought Orakha and Blola to the herd. He then bestowed a Storage Lantern to Orakha and sent him away to the Brimgan Empire.

'Alright!' Once he was far away from the herd, Orakha posed in victory, 'I'll create a strong force in the Brimgan Empire. Once it's time to fight for the Attribute, I'll use my power to get it first.'

Currently, he was the most free unit in Sumatra. Despite being a Mammoth Clansman, he could survive without any reliance on an Empyrean Tusk. With his abilities, he could wander the Sumatra Continent, collect resources as he pleased, and build his strength, facing no limitations whatsoever.

Whether the Mammoth Clan was annihilated by the Boar King or not wasn't his concern. Either way, he could freely mingle around as a Free Human. The reason he didn't cut off his connection to the Mammoth Clan was because it was profitable.

On Earth, he was a merchant. Hence, he knew it best to take advantage of a complex situation. Besides, now that he could revive, both through his Secondary Nature and through Blola, he didn't fear death, allowing him to enact the most daring of plans.

"I'll be the one to get all four Major Treasures!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 164 Theatre Owner Inala
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ellora Trade City!

The street adjacent to the main road, renamed the Theatre Street was bustling with activity, a sharp contrast from three years ago when it was a narrow street with hardly any human activity.

Luxurious carriages arrived on the Theatre Street as poshly dressed men and women got down one after another. There was a queue of uniformed youths, the staff of the place. They offered valet services, bringing the carriages to a parking lot.

When the place was originally a shopping street, the road was narrow. The buildings too were arranged in a haphazard manner. But now, all of them had been demolished. And standing in their place was a ten-storey building, with each floor serving as a theatre.

On the ground floor were artists of small, but decently recognised troupes. They performed to smaller audiences. The higher the floor, the greater the troupe's renown, and so were the customers visiting to watch their plays.

There was an open ground on the end of Theatre Street where people performed unofficially to entertain crowds with little to no money. If anyone gains renown from there, they would eventually be asked to perform on the ground floor of the Theatre.

The Theatre didn't have any name, for it was the first of its kind. The owner even purchased sole rights of ownership for the name and form of establishment.

The nobility all made their way to the topmost floor which was gargantuan in size, for the entire floor was a single theatre room.

The cheapest ticket here cost 40,000 Pella. In other words, 1000 Parute Fruits. Despite that, it was a house full, for the event happened only once a month.

Drinks were offered to the seated guests as the curtains were drawn on the stage. The highlights focused on the figure of Inala who bowed at the audience and exclaimed, "It fills my heart with joy to have all the seats filled. Without further ado, I present you today's tale,"

"The Soul Society Arc!"

The claps resounded in full swing as a row of puppets came on the stage. They began to speak, appearing almost real. Sounds accompanied their actions, enhanced by a bunch of puppets who shouted the related sound at regular intervals.

It had been rehearsed plenty of times for the past month, hence the result was perfect. Each puppet was controlled by a Body Stage cultivator, repeating the actions as practiced perfectly. There also existed puppets to unleash the effects of the attacks unleashed by the characters on stage.

Standing backstage and observing the play proceed successfully, Inala smirked, 'I'll be making a lot of money today too.'

Today's play was a perfect rip-off of the anime, Bleach. One of its best arcs, the Soul Society Arc was being enacted today. Of course, Inala had to make a lot of changes to the original story to make it perfect for theatre.

The play would span a total of six hours, with an hour's break in the middle. Therefore, it was more concise. Hearing the cheers, bouts of shock, and surprise from the crowd, Inala felt proud. It had taken him three years to reach this point.

After making Maharell sign that unfavourable contract, Inala opened his Comedy Troupe, advertising it to the customers of Maharell Wares and Services. While the latter hesitated to take action, Inala procured a decent crowd.

It was soon a big hit as more and more customers came, oftentimes beyond their seating capacity. At that time, the shop owners of the narrow street joined hands with Inala to create a larger venue.

Moreover, Inala vowed to help them all accordingly, promising them cultivation resources. But, the shop owners refused and instead asked him to take care of their relatives who were struggling to make a living in different parts of the Kingdom.

Only their direct family that was part of the gang was annihilated. They still had family relations outside. Of course, Inala was happy to get the extra hands, since that would free up his schedule too.

Once they arrived, Inala selected the talented ones among them and fed them a Low-Grade Elixir each, bringing them to the Body Stage. And the mineral he selected for them to fuse with was the Kirenal.

It was a material that upon fusing with the Spirit Container improved the cultivator's strength and control of their psychokinesis. That was its only function. It didn't increase one's lifespan. It was simply a material equivalent to a Beginner Iron Grade Pranic Beast.

Moreover, upon reaching the peak of the Body Stage, a cultivator that created a Human Avatar out of Kirenal would only have 160 Prana. It wasn't valuable at all. Anyone worth their salt chose some other mineral to have a future.

Which was exactly why Inala picked it. The reason was simple. Control over psychokinesis was exactly what he needed here, since he wanted them to control puppets.

Following that, Inala modified the Iron Kinesis Art, the cultivation technique practiced by those who intended to make a Human Avatar out of Kirenal. This cultivation technique was the weakest of them all and seldom used, hence dirt cheap to procure.

Through the Mystic Skill Creator, Inala used his inspirations from the Puppetry Skill to modify the Iron Kinesis Art, making it more geared to controlling Spirit Weapons, especially puppets.

He then created a watered-down version of his Puppetry Skill, one that could be activated through the Iron Kinesis Art, teaching both to the people who served him.

Following that, Inala created more Skills to be used for the Iron Kinesis Art, with each geared towards a certain character.

For example, he created a Naruto Puppet Skill. The one that trains this Skill would be able to control a puppet looking just like Naruto and make it talk, behave, run, and fight like Naruto—Skills exclusively for characters.

Depending on the popularity of the characters, the puppet skills of the respective characters were priced accordingly. Once Inala publicised the modified Iron Kinesis Art, the lowest rungs of society that wanted to gain fame but were unable to do so jumped at the offer.

Inala trained another batch of people who were focused on building puppets. The ones that wished to have a troupe and perform at a theatre learnt the Iron Kinesis Art, purchased a Character Puppet Skill, and bought the respective Puppet.

They then performed it in the open ground at the end of Theatre Street. And those that gained fame moved into the Theatre to perform, creating a market of talent.

Eventually, Inala could simply pick the cream of the crop to perform at his theatre, earning money without lifting a finger. He had become a Theatre Owner.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 165 Three Reasons to Succeed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It wasn't easy to reach this point. But, there were three primary reasons for Inala's success.

The first reason was his field of business. It was in Theatre, a brand-new field that had cropped up. Since Inala possessed the sole ownership of this type of trade, nothing could be done about it. This trade didn't conflict with the merchants that had shops on the main road.

Moreover, since there existed only one Theatre throughout the Ganrimb Kingdom, people from all over the region came to watch the plays, raising the tourism sector of Ellora City. All the major merchants directly profited from this.

And as they say, 'A merchant would love you as long as you make him money.'

Through Inala, their profit margin had increased a lot. So, they couldn't make any complaints. No matter his character, a merchant was honest in his desire for money.

This also directly resulted in the second reason.

After making Maharell sign the unfavourable contract, Inala didn't stop at that. Since he had beaten Maharell with the stick, it was time to dangle the carrot before him.

As the Theater's fame increased, so did the demand for theatre-related merchandise, as Inala had extensively promoted them by integrating them into his plays. Plushies, lockets, posters, etc. Inala signed a deal with Maharell.

Maharell Wares and Services would sell the merch. And by paying a lumpsum, Maharell purchased exclusive rights to sell all merch related to Inala's first major theatre production, Tom and Jerry.

As a result, his customer traffic ballooned in response. The greater the play's fame, the stronger the people's desire to buy the related merch. Maharell was minting so much money that despite losing a couple decades' worth of lifespan to Inala, he had forgotten about it altogether, having been smiling all day, every day.

Seeing Maharell's success caused the other big merchants to go green with envy. Originally, they planned to group up and deal with Inala to curb his business. But now, upon seeing the business opportunity, they rushed to him, fighting amongst themselves to purchase exclusive merchandise rights for other plays.

That became Inala's chip to control the big merchants, hence accumulating both funds and logistics to accumulate a lot of influence. He also had a thirty percent stake in the factory that made the merchandise.

Basically, he was minting money for free from it. Through his political actions, Inala secured both a source of money and brought the big merchants to his side. Moreover, he was so intrinsic to their massive profits that the big merchants did everything in their power to ensure no external force ever interfered with his plans.

The thirty percent stake might seem like a loss to him at first glance, since it was his intellectual property. But in the eyes of the big merchants, they had a seventy percent stake in the factories. Meaning, they would have to do everything to ensure the business remained profitable.

Hence, they protected their interests, which in turn resulted in Inala's protection. Inala had a thirty percent stake in all merchandise factories, so the revenue he raked in every month was around a quarter million Parute Fruits.

In three years, he became one of the most noteworthy individuals at Ellora Trade City. Moreover, his actions caused the wealth of Ellora City itself to increase, raising the city's standards as compared to other cities.

And the reason he didn't fall prey to someone was the third reason—his mysterious strength. Inala had only fought a few times. But in all instances, he subdued opponents in the Life Stage almost instantly, terrifying the latter.

Losing their senses, Prana, Lifespan, etc. were all terrifying. Therefore, no one dared to touch him, including the truly strong ones, as by the time they learnt of his existence, Inala had already become an untouchable existence. The self-interests of too many big shots became intertwined with him.

"There's two minutes left for the intermission." Inala observed and spoke to a youth at the side, "Ruggu, alert the servants to remain ready. Right as the intermission starts, they are to serve refreshments to the guests. The rest of the staff should be ready to guide the guests to the washroom and recreation area."

The cheapest ticket at the topmost floor cost 1000 Parute. There were six VIP suites reserved for the rich amongst the rich, with each VIP suite costing 40,000 Parute. Even he wondered if such a price was worth it. But every month, all six suites were filled, surprising him, 'I guess in every place, there's the filthy rich with more money than what they know to do with.'

"Yes, Master." Ruggu bowed in response and went ahead to proceed with the plans. He addressed Inala as 'Master,' and was the grandson of Erwahllu's younger sister. Ruggu was the first to join the Theatre and personally received Inala's teachings.

Thanks to Inala's guidance, he reached the 2-Life Stage. Of course, since his Human Avatar was forged using Kirenal, his strength wasn't anything worth commenting about. But, he was rather talented in controlling puppets, currently the most experienced apart from Inala and Asaeya.

He was also the one controlling Ichigo's puppet in the Soul Society Arc play. Soon, half the play was over and it was time for the intermission.

The audience got up and entered a ballroom beside them. It was an open balcony that surrounded the theatre, overlooking the city. The view was pleasant as measures had been taken by the big merchants to decorate the surroundings as much as possible to be aesthetically pleasing.

'It's time to meet them.' Thinking as such, Inala inspected himself, staring at the bracelets on both his hands. The bracelet was an inconspicuous piece of wood embedded with miniature Prana Bombs encased by a layer of wood.

Faint engravings had been added to them to make them look presentable. There was a bracelet on his two hands and similarly designed anklets on his two legs. Strung around his neck like a choker was another similar item.

Their function was simple. It was to absorb any and all traces of Prana he exuded. After all, the moment he does so, any Free Human at the Life Stage would recognise him as a Mammoth Clansman.

Hence, these Prana Bombs would work in fully masking his presence. Inala had perfected them by creating a Skill that assisted their function through the Mystic Skill Creator. It was how he was able to perfectly hide his existence.

When he fought Maharell at the start, Asaeya snuffed out the senses of both Maharell and the head of his guard team that was at the Life Stage. Hence, they were unable to sense his presence as a Mammoth Clansman.

Even now, if he were to control a Spirit Weapon, it would be easy for them to detect his origin, despite the bracelets. They only worked on emissions from his body by absorbing it. To control a Spirit Weapon, he would have to emit Prana past them, which countered their function.

Asaeya and baby Gannala too were equipped with the same.

Despite the bracelets proving their perfect capability every single time, Inala still exercised caution. A single mistake and everything he created would come crashing down, 'Especially since I'm close to finishing my preparations to head to the Brimgan Empire.'

"Master Inala, it's a pleasure to meet you." A couple approached him with wide smiles, making him nervous instinctively, "It's hard to get a hold of a busy man such as you."

"Please, you only need to send word and I would have arrived at your doorstep." Inala flashed an expression of flattery and bowed politely, staring at the faces of the City Lord and his wife. His back was drenched in cold sweat, because, unlike everyone he faced until now, they were true powerhouses, related to the Kingdom's royalty.

In terms of strength, they rivalled a Mammoth Clansmen, especially the City Lord as Inala felt the latter's strength.

8-Life Stage!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 166 Empyrean Zinger Information Network
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Haddlyok, the mineral used by the Ganrimb Kingdom Royalty to forge their avatars. The mineral behaves similarly to ice and can encase everything that comes into contact with it.

Haddlyok is a crystal and has the properties of one. Not only is it tough and hard, but depending on the cultivator's wishes, they could use it to create the mightiest of structures almost instantly or turn it brittle and crumble existing ones.

It can also grow in size by absorbing shock and due to its porous nature, can also act as a selectively permeable membrane depending on the cultivator's wishes. It was versatile in nature with strengths that lay in fighting and kingdom building, the perfect material for the Ganrimb Royalty.

At the peak of the Body Stage, a Ganrimb Royalty would possess 3600 Prana, the peak of the Silver Grade. The lifespan they gained was also the peak of the Silver Grade—600 years.

This was the most powerful mineral in the region, which was what the Ganrimb Kingdom founder decided to use for his descendants. He was the sole exception, cultivating a Human Avatar using a Gold Grade mineral that was used by the Brimgan Empire. He only brought enough for his cultivation.

Ellora City Lord, named Gudora, was part of Ganrimb Kingdom's Royalty. Since he built his Human Avatar using Haddlyok, his battle strength was on par with Mammoth Clan Settlement Leaders.

And considering Inala's infamy in terms of strength, there was a good chance Gudora would ask him to demonstrate his strength. After all, Inala suddenly appeared three years ago and took Ellora City by storm.

Therefore, when Gudora investigated Inala, nothing concrete turned up in the report. It was why Inala was nervous in their interaction.

"Hahaha! You're too humble, Master Inala." Gudora laughed and casually pat Inala on the back, "I'm enjoying the play. I never knew I needed something like this in my life, but now that I experienced it, I cannot go back."

"I will take pride in your compliment," Inala replied, all while trying his best to observe the body language of both the City Lord and his wife. He would die the moment his identity was revealed. Therefore, he had to exercise the utmost caution.

"I'll not take too much of your time." Gudora linked hands with his wife and walked away, "We'll socialise a bit and then return to our seats."

"If you need anything, I'll be right within earshot. Please summon me." Inala said and watched the duo walk away.

"Master Inala, the performance was incredible. I'm looking forward to the second half." A noble approached Inala next to offer praise.

"I'm grateful that you're enjoying it," Inala said.

"I noticed something," The noble said after a round of dialogue, "Sometimes, the effects were too colourful. It became a bit hard to see the characters through that."

"I'll take note of it and correct them, sir," Inala responded like clockwork. Some suggestions were genuine while the rest were nonsense, said for no other reason than to nitpick on something. He was careful in filtering through the responses.

The break ended quickly as the audience returned to their seats. Inala arrived at his spot backstage and continued to observe the play, ready to take the reins the moment any mishap happened. Thankfully, the play concluded successfully.

Inala stood at the exit and greeted the leaving customers while receiving their reviews of the play.

"I loved it."

"I want to watch it again."

"We'll host it again four months later. Please look forward to it." Inala responded politely.

"It was enjoyable, Master Inala." Gudora was the last to leave, saying as he handed over a letter, "I'll be hosting a secret meeting for the city's higher officials two days from now. I'm expecting your presence there."

"I'll be there on time, City Lord." Inala nodded, sighing in relief once everyone left. He slumped on one of the seats and waved his hand weakly at the staff, "Good work folks."

"It's all thanks to your guidance, Master!" The staff replied in joy. Since the play was a success, they'll be receiving part of the profits apart from their salaries, a joyous occasion for them indeed.

Inala closed his eyes, looking like he was resting due to the day's exhaustion. In truth, he was listening silently, having extended his Prana through the floor. Seated there was an Empyrean Zinger Scout in its miniature form.

It was present in a node of tunnels that stretched throughout the Theatre. Faint cries echoed through the tunnel network as this Empyrean Zinger Scout received them.

Inala read its memories, using that to learn everything that was happening at the Theatre to have a solid grasp on things. At present, this network stretched across the entire Theare Street, allowing Inala to react immediately in response to any situation.

[Focus on Gudora and his wife.]

The words appeared in a Bone Slip that the Empyrean Zinger Scout carried on itself, knowing Inala's thoughts by accessing it. It then let out a chirp and transmitted the information throughout the network.

Soon, the conversation shared between Gudora and his wife, Hanya reached Inala. There were tiny holes present throughout the Theatre, all pin-sized. Affixing their ears in these holes were the Empyrean Zinger Scouts in their miniature forms.

Since they weren't using any abilities, they didn't emit any Prana, keeping their existence hidden. Sensory means in Sumatra were weak. Only when the target emitted something, whether it be Prana, killing intent or presence would a person sense their existence. It wasn't possible otherwise.

The usual way one kept note of their surroundings was to disperse their Prana around themselves in a small radius. This way, the moment any foreign entity entered the region, their Prana would react accordingly. They would feel a prickling sensation on their skin in response.

The location and intensity of the prickle determined the position and power of the target that had intruded upon this range.

As the Theatre wasn't a battlefield, all the customers refrained from releasing their Prana, which made it easy to spy on their activity. Otherwise, the moment they released their Prana, they might detect the existence of the Empyrean Zinger Scouts throughout the Theatre.

It was why Inala took special caution to ensure everything functioned seamlessly to avoid agitating the customers. And finally, his efforts paid off, for he was invited by the City Lord for a secret meeting.

But to ensure his identity wasn't leaked and to know beforehand the details of the meeting, Inala spied upon Gudora and Hanya.

Walking through the hallway, their arms interlinked were the concerned duo. Staring at scenic poses of popular plays inscribed throughout the hallway to make it into a gallery of fame, Gudora commented, "Looks great."

"Yes, but," Hanya frowned, "I have been observing him from the start. Despite his contribution and the positive impact he has on our City, even after hearing the praises sung by his people,"

"I have yet to find a single reason that proves his trustworthiness."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 167 A Failed Scouting Mission
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Not here, Hanya." Gudora calmly eyed the people around them, "We'll discuss it once we return home."

"Okay," Hanya nodded and remained silent for the rest of the journey.

Seated in the theatre room, Inala's eyes shot up in disappointment, 'They didn't say much.'

'Do I do it, or not?' After a moment of hesitation, he decided to take the risk, 'If it's a trap, I'll be inviting myself to death in two days. I can't avoid the risk this time.'

Thinking as such, he gave a command to the Empyrean Zinger Scout which relayed the message with a short screech through the tunnel network.

At the terrace of the Theatre was an open pipe. Two Empyrean Zinger Scouts crawled out and leaped like a pair of leeches, covering long distances with every jump by harnessing their Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity.

They stopped at the edge of the roof and observed the figures of Gudora and Hanya entering their carriage. Once the carriage started to move, the two scouts jumped down from the edge of the roof and spread their wings to glide around.

They flew in their miniature forms, not emitting any Prana as all they did was glide around using their physical prowess. They circled in the air to keep pace with the slow-moving carriage, creating distance between each other.

The goal was to sneak into the City Lord's house and inspect the layout beforehand so that Inala could prepare. While the two scouts tailed the City Lord's carriage, a dozen more scouts exited the pipe.

They glided over the city at a high altitude and quickly dropped onto the terrace of the houses at farther locations, one per each. They were creating a line of communication for message transfer.

After all, there was a solid chance the scouts tailing the City Lord would only have one opportunity. Therefore, their mission was to find out everything they could and transmit all the information through a shout.

This communication line formed by the Empyrean Zinger Scouts would relay the message to Inala.

While the carriage continued to move slowly, the scouts had already established their line of communication, reaching the entrance of the City Lord's estate.

The two scouts continued to circle around on either side of the carriage, keeping their distance. But when the carriage made a turn, the scout on the left came between the carriage and the sun.

As a result, its shadow was cast on the carriage window. It was only a small dot, due to diffraction of light, but Gudora noticed it, as the shadow was cast from an unnatural angle—from a height beyond the buildings on the street.

'Is it an attack?' In reflex, he pointed his palm out of the carriage window and unleashed a glitter mist that slammed into the Empyrean Zinger Scout like a ray, encasing it in a layer of crystal. The scout was trapped, unable to move as it began to fall to the ground.

If it tried to break free, the commotion would cause its Prana to billow out, revealing its identity. Even though it was a scout, it was still a Silver Grade Pranic Beast, one that had been growing for more than a year.

Its strength wasn't insignificant. Knowing that revealing its existence would offset all of Inala's plans, the Empyrean Zinger Scout collapsed its Internal Inertial Gravity, causing a controlled singularity.

The gravitational flux pulled its body towards the centre while not affecting the crystal around it. In an instant, the Empyrean Zinger Scout's body shrunk into a speck of dirt too small to be visible to the naked eye, erasing all traces of its existence, for it was now dead.

The carriage arrived at a halt as Gudora jumped out and stared at the crystal that fell onto the roof of a nearby building. Followed by a leap, he arrived at the terrace and picked up the crystal, one that was almost spherical in shape.

Originally, it formed the Empyrean Zinger Scout's shape, for it had layered the scout's body. But once the scout's body shrunk into a dot, the absolute loss in pressure deformed the crystal's shape, for everything happened before it had fully solidified.

As a result, it was almost spherical. Gudora frowned as he observed it, 'Why is there nothing inside?'

He bent down to pick it up, surprised to grunt in response, "Why is it so heavy?"

Since the effect of Internal Inertial Gravity vanished, the resultant speck that the Empyrean Zinger Scout had become held its entire body weight. That was a significant amount, puzzling Gudora.

He observed the crystal from all angles and failed to notice anything inside. But the strangeness of its intense weight puzzled him, "This needs to be looked into."

He gazed around, failing to notice anything else that was amiss…

Thud!

There was a loud sound, akin to a meteor slamming into the ground. The roof of the house nearby collapsed in response, followed by screams from within.

Gudora leaped into the house and noticed a crater on the floor, one that was almost a metre wide and a dozen centimetres deep. He stared inside and failed to see anything, 'There's nothing inside.'

He then observed the people in the house, asking, "Is anyone hurt?"

"N-No, City Lord." The man of the household shook his head. "The ceiling caved in suddenly and frightened us."

"Did you see anything?" Gudora asked next.

"No," The man expressed his confusion, "It felt like something heavy slammed into the ground. But I didn't see anything."

"Hmm…" Gudora placed his hand in the crater and felt around, still unable to make out anything of notice. He got up and erected a dome around the crater, addressing the people at the house, "No one is to touch this, alright?"

"I'll send someone to look into this later."

"Yes, City Lord." The people in the house accepted without any complaints.

"This is very strange," Muttering as such, Gudora returned to his carriage and prompted the coachman to resume the drive. He stared at the heavy crystal in his possession and commented, "There's some sort of secret in this."

"Do we forward it to the King? He's the one most knowledgeable about everything." Hanya asked.

"Not yet," Gudora said, "We need to conduct an investigation first. Only after getting some clues will it be okay to ask for assistance in the matter."

"I feel uneasy for some reason." Hanya said, "I feel strange ever since we visited the Theatre. I don't have proof, but I have a hunch that something isn't right."

"Are you sure Inala could be trusted?"

"I never said that." Gudora continued to stare at the spherical crystal in his hand, "There's no account of his existence three years ago, no matter where I asked in the Kingdom. It's a sure say that he's from the outside."

"But, that doesn't mean I can suspect him for everything."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 168 Baby Gannala’s Tantrums
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"It failed, huh?" Inala muttered as he got up and stretched a little. Honestly, he didn't have much confidence in the scouting plan succeeding, since the City Lord was a fearsome character.

Two Empyrean Zinger Scouts prowled on the houses closest to the City Lord's estate, but couldn't go anywhere near it. After all, there were waves of Prana unleashed by the guards posted throughout the estate.

It would be easy to discover them. Since the scouts weren't stealth type, this was their limit.

After thinking a bit, Inala dispersed a few more scouts, posting them to strategic locations throughout the city, at the rooftop of the tallest buildings. This gave them a bird's eye view of everyone.

Since they couldn't hear the contents of the City Lord's discussion, the next best plan was to at least keep an eye on everything of importance that happened in Ellora City.

That way, as long as he was aware of who the people attending the secret meeting in two days were, he could at least make preparations accordingly.

Once it was evening, the top floors of the Theatre closed one after another. Their primary customers were the nobility who had to return to their duties during the night, keeping watch over the walls that were attacked by the Slump Lizards.

Hence, only the lower floors of the Theatre functioned late into the night, closing up at midnight. Inala retired for the night, leaving the rest to his trusty subordinates.

He entered the courtyard situated behind the Theatre and gazed at a small mansion that had been built. It was his home, 'I never thought I would amass such a level of wealth so quickly when I arrived at Sumatra.'

'It's all thanks to my Mystic Skill Creator.' Inala felt glad to have obtained such a valuable Skill. This allowed him to adapt and make the most out of any situation. It was how he was able to create and run a successful theatre business.

Thud! Crack!

Hearing a loud sound, Inala became alert, rushing into the house in a hurry, 'What happened?'

He burst through the door and observed two people in the living room. One was a lady with a large build while the other was a three-year-old kid. They were Asaeya and baby Gannala.

"I hate you!" Baby Gannala shouted as she held Asaeya's arm, exerting more strength as she overpowered the latter. Strength surged through her hands as baby Gannala gripped tighter, resulting in cracking sounds from Asaeya's arms. Her bones were cracking. "Don't touch me! You're giving me a rash, you rash woman!"

"Shut up!" Asaeya shouted upon noticing Inala, using him to activate her ability and snuff out all of baby Gannala's senses. Once baby Gannala became weak, she used a rope to tie her up.

"Untie me, woman!" Baby Gannala screeched once all her senses returned, unable to move as her joints were knotted down by the rope. She then noticed Inala's arrival, shouting in hope, "Dada! Save me!"

"Ugh," Inala felt a headache as he stared at Asaeya, "What happened?"

"She refuses to eat." Asaeya grumbled as Prana surged in her arms and mended the fracture, "When I forced her to have food, she broke my arm."

"You know you should eat well to grow up healthy, right?" Inala stared at baby Gannala and slowly untied her.

Once her bindings came undone, baby Gannala leaped into his embrace, ignoring his grunts as she screamed, "I hate your Life Bombs. I'm bored of it! They taste like Slump Lizards."

"Don't be a spoiled brat," Inala activated his Internal Inertial Gravity at full strength to withstand baby Gannala's weight, relieved once his bones stopped making creaking sounds, "If you don't eat, then I won't talk to you."

"That's not fair!" Baby Gannala complained, pouting in sadness, "You think it's a pain to raise me! I can read your thoughts!"

"Congratulations! You've chosen the correct answer!" Inala laughed and pinched her cheeks, "So, be a good girl and eat lots…"

"Uwaaa!" Baby Gannala broke into a crying fit. Her voice ruptured the air, creating powerful sonic booms.

Inala hurriedly encased them in a large Prana Bomb, grunting as he prevented the sound waves from going out. But, that also meant the waves were reflected inside, causing a trail of blood to drip from his ears.

For the next three hours, he had to endure the sonic booms unleashed by a crying baby Gannala. Though three years old, she was an Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast. Her mental faculties were already on par with a twelve-year-old human girl and continued to develop in an accelerated fashion.

In terms of Prana, she already had more than 500, an exorbitant sum for a three-year-old. As a result, despite being in a human form, she was already exhibiting more and more traces of an Empyrean Tusk.

More than half her organs had become biomes at present. As a result, she had a voracious appetite. If she doesn't eat, it would only hinder her development, which in turn weakens the Mammoth Clan that expectantly awaits her return.

'In terms of intelligence, she should almost be on par with Asaeya. She's only acting like a three-year-old to mess with us.' Inala sighed mentally as he tried to console baby Gannala.

However, the moment he had the thought, baby Gannala stopped crying, stared at him, and spoke in a saddened tone, "I hate you, dada!"

"Yeah, yeah." Inala nodded and patted her back. Since she stopped crying, he shattered the large Prana Bomb and walked out, "I'm hungry. Let's eat."

"Okay…" Baby Gannala spoke sullenly while dangling from Inala's neck, "Dada! Can't you make some Life Bombs from the Rockatrice?"

"You mad or what?" Inala grumbled, "It's one of the strongest Silver Grade Pranic Beasts in terms of combat. Your useless dad will swiftly become its breakfast."

"Don't lie!" Baby Gannala argued as she used her powers to vary her centre of gravity and swing around him, using his neck as a pole, "I read your memories. You have methods to defeat it."

"Your dad is a dumbass. Don't believe whatever he thinks. He's delusional." Inala ignored her ramblings and brought her to the dining room and placed her before a pile of Prana Bombs and Life Bombs, "Eat them all without wasting anything!"

Baby Gannala was Gannala's successor. Therefore, Inala was considered part of her immune system, allowing her to access all his thoughts and memories.

As a result, he considered her to be annoying, especially since she was pretty demanding in nature. All Empyrean Tusks were demanding in nature, but the difference between them and baby Gannala was the existence of the Mammoth Clan serving her.

Her only Mammoth Clansmen in the area was Inala who was her old man; he didn't behave like her servant, like all Mammoth Clansmen part of her settlement would do. Moreover, he didn't pay her much attention, causing her to well up with complaints.

"Dada! At least bring me some highly fertile soil. I want to eat something different for a change." She pouted.

"We have fertile soil at home." Inala said and pointed at their garden, "It's all yours."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 169 Empyrean Zinger Logistics
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"That's ruuude!" Baby Gannala complained, "The soil at home is bland. I need something delicious and nutrient-rich. Bring me some from outside this region."

"The outside is scary." Inala condensed Prana into his palm and remained ready, "Your old man won't be able to return in one piece."

"Wahhh!" Baby Gannala burst into tears as Inala swiftly erected a Prana Bomb around them, preventing any third party from hearing her cries. "Dada! You're mean!"

"Why did you even birth me if you can't pamper me?" She cried profusely for two seconds before recalling a piece of memory she observed in Inala's mind, "Ah…"

Baby Gannala was depressed, "Right, you wanted to kill me."

"I'm an unplanned baby. Right…" She turned sullen, slumping in response. She lost her appetite. Getting up, she punched the Prana Bomb, grunting in pain. But by activating her Internal Inertial Gravity at full strength, she unleashed a powerful punch.

Thump!

The Prana Bomb didn't even sport a crack, as its density too increased proportionally, thanks to the effects of Inala's Internal Inertial Gravity.

"I can't head outside now, but I'll bring some tasty soil for you tomorrow." Inala relented in the end, for every time baby Gannala punched the Prana Bomb, he lost twenty Prana. That was how much he expended to raise the Prana Bomb's density and ensure it withstood her punches.

This was an unnecessary expenditure of Prana. Hence, he gave in, patting an agitated baby Gannala, "Shouldn't you understand our situation?"

"But I'm hungry," Baby Gannala was sullen, "I'm craving all sorts of things to eat, but my diet only consists of the Prana Bombs and Life Bombs. I'm getting all the necessary nutrition, but my craving isn't satisfied."

She complained, "All Empyrean Tusks innately wish to roam and eat up all sorts of trees, soil, etc."

She was indeed speaking the truth. Empyrean Tusks had a voracious appetite, but they also craved a variety of nutrients. It was why they roamed throughout Sumatra Continent, tasting stuff from all the regions.

Being confined to one place was taxing on baby Gannala's mind. Rather, it wasn't just her.

"Argh, why are you so annoying?" Asaeya raged, "Can't you see that Inala is busy with a lot of things?"

"Why do you care?" Baby Gannala snapped back at her, "You're part of Harrala's immune system. We have no relation. So, stop talking to me."

Empyrean Tusks relied on Mammoth Clansmen for all its needs. The Mammoth Clan acted as its immune system. But it was also a fact that the Mammoth Clan was innately reliant on the Empyrean Tusk for all sorts of needs, from physical to spiritual.

It was similar to placing a freshwater fish in the sea. Asaeya hated living on the ground. She wished to return to her settlement and feel the presence of her Deity daily. The lack of such a thing was slowly but surely eating away at her sanity.

It made her prone to emotional outbursts. She wished for nothing other than to return home. But baby Gannala's existence prevented her from doing so. She had a mission to do, given to her by her Deity.

It was to protect baby Gannala. Besides, it was impossible to traverse through the wilderness of Sumatra Continent and reach the herd. It was hard to calculate their travel pace and hence, they might miss each other.

The only guarantee was the fact that the herd would make a stop at the Brimgan Empire to trade. They were long-standing trading partners, hence stopping there was a necessity.

Based on what she knew, there were still seventeen years before the herd would arrive at the Brimgan Empire. Which meant, she had to live for seventeen excruciating years away from her Deity. It was frustratingly difficult for her. Hence, she took her anger out on baby Gannala, causing both to butt heads all the time.

"Alright, stop fighting." Inala mediated in the end, sighing as he dragged them both to the dining room, "Let's eat first."

It was a grumpy dinner. After swallowing a Prana Bomb's contents, Asaeya returned to her room and began cultivating.

"I'll listen to stories from grandma." After swallowing a bunch of Prana Bombs, baby Gannala ran into a room adjacent to the living room. It was where Erwahllu lived.

"Don't pester her too much, alright?" Inala said, "I'll return in two hours. I should see you sleeping when I return, okay?"

"Fine…" Baby Gannala pouted for a moment before happily entering Erwahllu's room.

Inala entered his room and grabbed his Four Storey Storage Lantern, expanding it to its full size. He picked out Sumatra Zinger—his gun—from it and inspected it, 'The organs are functioning without issues.'

The only way his organs worked after being extracted was by being fed Lifeforce through a Life Bomb. That lifeforce enriched the cells forming the organs, revitalising the pathways to keep everything alive.

He had to feed it a Life Bomb once a week. As the Lifeforce in the Life Bomb was sourced from the Slump Lizards, it was of the lowest quality. If he fed Sumatra Zinger a Life Bomb that contained a Rockatrice's Lifeforce, he wouldn't have to feed it another for months.

Carrying the Sumatra Zinger, Inala reached the Theatre's terrace. In response to a command from him, an Empyrean Zinger Scout in its miniature form exited the open pipe beside him.

Inala opened his mouth and unleashed a short screech, informing everything he needed the scout to know. He then encased it in a Prana Bomb and loaded it into the Sumatra Zinger.

Ten minutes later, once the lungs within Sumatra Zinger were full of pressurised air, Inala pointed the gun in the direction of the Rooster Tribe's settlement and launched it. Followed by a muffled sound, the Prana Bomb blasted forth into the night sky and sped in the direction of the Rooster Tribe settlement.

Once the Prana Bomb lost all its momentum, it cracked and shattered, revealing the Empyrean Zinger Scout that unfurled its wings and began to glide. It quickly expanded to its maximum size and continued to glide until it came within eyeshot distance of the settlement.

Opening its mouth, the Empyrean Zinger Scout unleashed a shriek, communicating with the horde of Empyrean Zingers there.

The walls surrounding the Rooster Tribe settlement had now become home to the Empyrean Zingers, let by an Empyrean Zinger Queen and two Empyrean Zinger Kings. They were Mutated Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beasts, too powerful in the region now that they have grown a bit.

All the Empyrean Zingers birthed by the Empyrean Zinger Queen were only scouts and not the mutated kind. But despite that, they were all Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beasts.

Therefore, even after the Rockatrice detected their existence, it could do nothing by pray they don't gang up on it. As a result, the Empyrean Zingers got a comfortable home, using the height—600 metres—of the walls to glide around for their purpose.

And the moment they heard the message relayed by the scout, the horde stirred. Immediately, one of the Empyrean Zinger Kings brought a troop of scouts and left the area, carrying a large bag of Prana Bombs.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 170 Throw and Catch
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Empyrean Zinger King leaped with all its strength, taking flight while carrying the massive load of Prana Bombs. After reaching its maximum altitude, it unfurled its wings and glided.

It was accompanied by twenty Empyrean Zinger Scouts, all carrying their respective load of Prana Bombs. All these scouts were created by Inala. Hence, they too possessed the Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity, allowing them to carry such weights and glide fast.

These Prana Bombs were filled with Prana, accumulated over time from the Slump Lizards every night. This was the excess in their reserve. Each Prana Bomb contained 100 Prana.

Now, they were being transported to Ellora City. After all, Inala couldn't freely hunt around anymore for fear of leaking his identity. Hence, he had to be sneaky with the Prana Bomb accumulation.

He needed them for baby Gannala. Otherwise, it was impossible to handle her voracious appetite. She was consuming so many Prana Bombs that the number of Slump Lizards attacking the cities was reducing slowly but surely.

The reduction wasn't at a noticeable level yet. But in a few years, anyone would be able to observe the difference. The Empyrean Zingers were hunting the Slump Lizards for Prana, both to accumulate Prana Bombs and for the Empyrean Zinger Queen to birth more of her kind through Life Bombs.

An hour's travel later, the Empyrean Zinger King arrived at a location three kilometres away from Ellora City walls. There was a secluded spot with a high vantage point here.

Once they arrived, the Empyrean Zinger Scouts formed a perimeter and hunted the Slump Lizards in the vicinity. In the meantime, the Empyrean Zinger King gathered all the Prana Bombs.

It stood on the elevated platform and waited, letting out a series of high-pitched screeches at a frequency inaudible to the human ear. A few seconds later, a screech arrived at the same frequency.

The Empyrean Zinger King adjusted its body accordingly, facing a certain direction towards Ellora City. It grabbed a Prana Bomb and took on a throwing position, calm, collected, and focused on the target.

"Skeree!" Followed by a shout, it hurled the Prana Bomb with all its strength, watching it bolt away at tremendous speeds. The projectile arched through the air and flew deeper into Ellora City's airspace.

Standing at the Theatre's terrace was Inala, bracing himself for impact upon hearing the Empyrean Zinger King's screech. Four Prana Hands floated around him, controlled through his psychokinesis.

Mystic Bone Art—Puppetry!

Currently, his Spirit Weapon's optimal range was 100 metres. Therefore, in a radius of a hundred metres around him was the target area.

As he waited, the Prana Bomb came hurling in. A Prana Hand shot forward in response and grabbed the Prana Bomb. It was pushed back dozens of metres in response before the momentum behind the Prana Bomb was expended.

Successfully catching the Prana Bomb, the Life Hand arrived before the open pipe and dropped the Prana Bomb into it.

The Prana Bomb rolled through the tunnel network as the Empyrean Zinger Scouts within it navigated it, eventually pushing it into a storage room deep underground. The Prana Bomb landed atop a pile of Prana Bombs.

It was the reserve that Inala was steadily accumulating over the past three years, prepared for all events. Upon knowing his reserves was why baby Gannala claimed he could hunt down the Rockatrice.

The Prana Hand had just dropped the Prana Bomb into the tunnel network when another Prana Bomb flew towards the Theatre, slightly off the mark. But it was still within his catching range as Inala sent his second Prana Hand to grab it.

Soon, his four Prana Hands were working in full swing, grabbing the thrown Prana Bombs continuously. In the meantime, Inala assumed female form and created a Life Bomb, losing a decade's lifespan in the process, since it was a Life Bomb that could birth a queen.

Loading it in the Sumatra Zinger, he fired it in the general vicinity of the Empyrean Zinger King, taking measures to not result in friendly fire.

The Life Bomb slammed into a Slump Lizard and pulverised it, absorbing all its Lifeforce. Upon seeing its arrival, an Empyrean Zinger Scout approached it and smacked it with a wood branch, sending it flying like a golf ball and into the face of a Slump Lizard.

Once all its Lifeforce was absorbed, the Empyrean Zinger Scout continued to hit it with a wood branch and make it land on the bodies of Slump Lizards until it was brimming with Lifeforce, unable to absorb any more.

Once it was full, the scout presented the Life Bomb to the Empyrean Zinger King who threw it back to Inala.

After an hour, Inala told them to rest a little, since the Empyrean Zinger King's arm ought to have been hurting like mad. He commanded it to drink the Lifeforce in the Prana Bomb they had just begun to fill up.

While it was recuperating, Inala returned home to check whether or not baby Gannala was asleep. But upon seeing that she was wide awake, doodling on a wooden slab, he scolded her, "Go, sleep!"

"Dada!" Baby Gannala happily leaped into his embrace. And upon coming into contact, she read his memories, knowing what he was up to, asking, "Can I also come and see?"

"No!" Inala stated grumpily.

"Please, I won't make trouble." Baby Gannala pleaded, "I'll remain quiet and will just watch. I cannot sleep anyway."

"Alright," Inala carried her as he leaped from one floor to another on the Theatre and reached the terrace, "But if you disturb me even the slightest, I'm not bringing you here ever again."

"I promise!" Baby Gannala said and placed a finger before her mouth, expressing that she would be obedient.

A minute later, Inala resumed the process. Every ten minutes, a Life Bomb would return. He poked a hole in one and drank its contents from time to time, ensuring he maintained his current age of 27 years.

His actual age was 17, but to interact freely, he masqueraded as an adult who was a decade older. While he was catching the Prana Bombs and the occasional Life Bombs, ten Empyrean Zinger Scouts arrived at a forest patch with a lot of flora remains. Just the hydrocarbons formed a layer twenty centimetres thick on the soil, created by years of leaves, grass, and tree parts decomposing.

The scouts took out broken shells of their Prana Bombs, activating the Mystic Bone Art to refine it, creating a shovel. They began to dig the soil rich with nutrients, piling them up in a corner.

After digging enough, an Empyrean Zinger Scout created a container resembling a Prana Bomb, filling it up with this soil. Once it was full, the entrance was sealed.

They stopped digging after filling up thirty such containers, feeling that it was sufficient for the night, and transported them to the Empyrean Zinger King who hurled them towards Inala.

The process concluded two hours before dawn as the Empyrean Zingers made their way to the Rooster Tribe settlement, intending to rest.

Inala finished collecting a large reserve, smiling in satisfaction. Since there existed no enemies that could fly in Sumatra, no soldier or citizen had a habit of keeping watch over the skies. The soldiers were busy fending off against the Slump Lizards from the walls.

It was why no one knew such a large transaction between a human and Pranic Beast had taken place. It was Inala's exclusive secret.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 171 Precursor to a Minor Crisis
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was soon dawn as Inala returned home and slumped on his bed, resting. He had been constantly busy with a lot of things, oftentimes to the extent he had to forgo sleep.

'I just want to cultivate and roam Sumatra in peace.' He thought and closed his eyes, falling asleep immediately. Unfortunately for him, an Empyrean Zinger Scout arrived beside his bed in its miniature form, exiting from a tunnel entrance nearby.

It opened its mouth and let out a short screech. Inala's eyes shot open in response, slightly red. "Is that true?"

"Keek!" The Empyrean Zinger Scout said in response and retreated into the tunnel, closing the entrance behind it.

Inala sat up straight, frowning in thought, "Something's about to happen."

The Empyrean Zinger Scouts had been dispatched throughout Ellora City, located in crowded places where people refrained from using their Prana. It was the best place to remain hidden while spying around.

And after the night's ordeal, he sent hundreds of them outside, keeping them perched on the trees in their miniature forms. It was a contingency measure.

In the likelihood of Gudora, the Ellora City Lord figuring out his identity and going in for the kill, these Empyrean Zingers would swarm the city. As they were all Silver Grade Pranic Beasts, the city would enter a state of full alert.

That would ensure Gudora would have to focus on thwarting the crisis first. He might resort to jailing Inala after breaking his limbs to prevent him from escaping.

As long as that happened, Inala would survive. He could easily recover from such an injury and wait for Asaeya to rescue him.

Moreover, these dispersed scouts would also serve as his information network, casting a wide net over the region. He had just returned after casting the net when a concerning piece of news was discovered.

The water level of the river flowing through the Ganrimb Kingdom was steadily declining. It had already declined by a couple of metres overnight and was only accelerating in pace.

That was already a cause for concern, as reported by people who exited the city at dawn to travel around. The Empyrean Zinger Scouts tailed after a few informed people who were sons and daughters of the city's powerhouses.

Through the information gained from them, Inala realised that this wasn't an ordinary event. And the meeting he was invited to was related to it.

'Is it a Minor Crisis for the Ganrimb Kingdom?' Inala thought. Upon coming to this conclusion, he couldn't sleep. A Minor Crisis was too dangerous to take lightly.

He survived the First Minor Crisis only because of his location. His settlement lost half its population as a result. This wasn't a normal group of people but Mammoth Clansmen, twenty thousand of them.

Moreover, they were situated atop an Empyrean Tusk, fighting in favourable conditions. Also, once the 44th Empyrean Tusk moved far enough away from the Mud Viper nest, the First Minor Crisis ended prematurely.

It was because the Mud Vipers disliked being far away from their home.

But things would be different on flat ground. The invading party would be arriving in full force and wouldn't disperse until every last one was killed.

The strength of the people here was vastly inferior to the Mammoth Clan. Moreover, there were too many people.

The Mammoth Clan's strength in the 44th Settlement was concentrated in the forty-plus thousand Clansmen. Everyone could fight, including the students, since they were primarily trained for that.

But Ganrimb Kingdom wasn't like that. There were too many people belonging to non-combat professions. Therefore, when disaster strikes, the combative personnel would be dispersed throughout the large Kingdom, spread too thin while protecting the largely helpless population.

As a result, something on the level of a Minor Crisis would be ten times more dangerous here. It was why Inala became restless, 'Why now? Two years later, my preparations would have been perfectly complete. I would have left after that.'

He got up, dressed flashily, slung his Storage Lantern to his hip, and exited Ellora City through its front gates. Once he was away from view, he changed into his Mammoth Clan clothes that were comfortable to move around and fight in.

Armed with his two Prana Hands and two Life Hands, Inala rushed in the direction of the river. A couple of the Empyrean Zinger Scouts in the vicinity landed on his head and hid between his hair.

He went through their memories and gained further understanding of the situation at hand. He arrived at the river and indeed was able to notice its drop in level. But that wasn't all. He could see some Slump Lizards swimming deeper in the waters, agitated for some reason.

He observed their reaction as his expression turned solemn, 'They're afraid. What is the enemy to induce such a strong reaction in them?'

"Kieek!" He suddenly heard a sound and rushed in the respective direction, arriving before a massive cactus. There was a tiny hole in it, one created by an Empyrean Zinger Scout three years ago.

The scouts entered through it and spied upon the Mollusc Tribe living within. In regular intervals of a week, one of the scouts would exit and transmit the information to the Empyrean Zinger King making its way to Ellora City.

The Empyrean Zinger King would then inform Inala through a Bone Slip it chucks at him like it did with the Prana Bombs.

But now, the scout brought forth disturbing news.

Raising his body weight through his Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity, Inala kicked the cactus and slammed open its entrance, sensing a thick stench of blood immediately. He rushed down the flight of stairs and arrived at the large dome, "What the…fuck is this?"

Everyone part of the Mollusc Tribe was lying down on the ground as corpses in their transformed states. Their transformations seemed to have been activated for extended durations, causing their mutations to go wonky, leading to multiple organ failures.

Adding to that were their bodies that were made to forcefully collide with each other, in a method similar to controlling Spirit Weapons. It was apparent that the Carcass Snail had taken action to get rid of its Ravaged Tribe.

Inala stared down at the Carcass Snail that was gradually shifting its massive body into the dome. Originally, half of its body peeked into the river. But now, it was planning to hole up in the dome, secreting a mucous that upon mixing with its Shell Moss created a chitin armour to patch up the hole.

Inala observed the Carcass Snail, noticing that safely tucked in its body were two Mollusc Tribesmen, a boy, and a girl, barely adults by this world's standards. They were being protected by the Carcass Snail.

After all, their transformation as Mollusc Tribesmen was the most advanced in the Tribe. Hence, the Carcass Snail prioritised protecting only them, with the intention that as long as they were alive, it could repopulate the Tribe. They'll be better than the current Mollusc Tribe.

It was gorging on as much of the river bed as possible, preparing to hibernate for a long time. The fact that even an Advance Silver Grade Pranic Beast was taking such drastic measures to hide could only mean the approaching danger was that much horrifying.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 172 Everyone Flees
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Managing a large population was easier said than done, especially in terms of food. If they were to seek refuge, the food requirements would be astronomical. No matter how much was saved up, the reserves would be drained through rapidly.

Upon arriving at that conclusion, the Carcass Snail gave the order to its Mollusc Tribe, causing the Tribesmen to commit suicide by killing each other. It only spared the most evolved boy and girl, for they were the fruits of its efforts.

As long as they were alive, it could recreate the Mollusc Tribe to full strength in a couple of decades. They'll be superior to the existing Mollusc Tribe, so the Carcass Snail wasn't even concerned by their deaths.

The sole intention behind its actions was to conserve resources. Feeding two Tribesmen was nothing in comparison.

The Carcass Snail intended to hole itself within the dome, having created it for such a use in the first place. But it wasn't a mobile creature and hence could only move slowly. And while it did so, it began to close up the entrance, masking it to resemble the surroundings, concealing its location perfectly.

By now, the Carcass Snail had noticed Inala's presence, since he wasn't exactly subtle about it. But it didn't attack him and only stared at him warily upon sensing his strength.

The Carcass Snail had reached maturity, so it was terrifyingly strong. In comparison, Inala was still in the initial phase of the Body Stage. But, he possessed three Natures. That elevated the sense of danger he exuded to terrifying levels, which was what made it nervous.

Even though it had the confidence to kill him, it would lose too much in response. Injuries, depletion of Prana, traces of battle, and worst of all, destruction of its hiding place. If it left too many traces, then its location would be discovered by whatever it wishes to hide from.

Hence, the Carcass Snail didn't dare make a move, only hoping for Inala to take his leave.

"The three of you stay here." Inala allocated three Empyrean Zinger Scouts to keep watch over the place and returned to the surface, now even more nervous.

If the Carcass Snail could move like a normal Pranic Beast, it would have vacated the place already. Its body language was screaming that intention.

He had a bad feeling as Inala quickly made his way to the Rockatrice's location, observing the same situation there too. All Rooster Tribesmen except two had been killed. These two were brought to the lake at the top of the tallest mountain and placed inside a cave.

After closing the entrance with a boulder, the Rockatrice retreated deeper into the lake, erasing all traces of its existence.

Moreover, even the formless pressure exerted by the walls forming its settlement vanished. The Rockatrice retracted its power, causing the walls around its settlement to simply resemble a natural mountain range.

Its actions caused the Empyrean Zingers to be in a state of fluster. Upon his arrival, the Empyrean Zinger Queen landed on his head in her miniature form, allowing him to access her memories and understand everything the Rockatrice had done.

"Get ready to leave this place." Inala informed the Empyrean Zinger Queen, "Collate all your accumulations and pack up. We're leaving tonight."

He then headed to the Pearl Tribe which was controlled by the Rooted Clam and the Guardian Tribe controlled by the Boutique Lizard. The situation was the same in both places.

The Boutique Lizard was an Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast, the strongest of the five.

Primary Nature—Pranic Beast Registry!

Through this power, the Boutique Lizard was capable of birthing other races, as long as it held their genetic data. Even though its powers were limited to Iron Grade Pranic Beasts, unable to control the Pranic Beasts it birthed, it was in the Mammoth Clan's list of the most sought-after Pranic Beast egg.

But as it was an incredibly rare Pranic Beast, the Mammoth Clan had yet to find one. It was why Inala intended to originally leave after two years. By his calculations, all five Silver Grade Pranic Beasts in the region would have laid their eggs by then.

He would steal them and make his way to the Brimgan Empire. Moreover, the Empyrean Zinger Queen would have matured enough by then to create her own Ravaged Tribe. With his help, the success rate would have been higher.

All Slump Lizard eggs were created by the Boutique Lizard. It was the driving force behind this region's power balance, creating the external threat necessary for the five Ravaged Tribes to grow.

But now, even it was hiding itself, having stopped the creation of Slump Lizard eggs. It dumped whatever it created into the river and retreated deep into a volcanic mountain to find its Tribe.

However, unlike the rest, it didn't stop with sparing only two of its Tribesmen. Rather, it carried a couple dozen of them on its back and sprinted towards the Sandy-Grey Void. The rest of the Tribe were simply abandoned in their home, not informed of anything.

Unaware, they continued about with their daily lives, only wondering where the Boutique Lizard was heading with a small group of Tribesmen.

The Boutique Lizard was only incapable of moving while laying its eggs. Otherwise, it was a decently agile creature.

Inala trailed after it by turning his body lighter, making long leaps to easily keep up with its sprint. He hid behind a boulder upon arriving close to the Sandy-Grey Void, watching the Boutique Lizard make faint purrs at the border.

Slowly, an opening appeared in the Sandy-Grey Void, revealing an island patch that spanned a hundred metres in area. It was a normal-looking piece of land, created exclusively for the Boutique Lizard that landed there and slumped, closing its eyes to begin its hibernation.

A large shell revealed itself from the grey sand. It was the Mudropper. It opened its mouth and sucked in the Guardian Tribesmen. It then stared at the Boutique Lizard as the two seemed to trust each other a lot, conversing primitively.

The Mudropper retreated into the grey sand and reached a depth of hundred metres, leading into an underground dome where its Ropper Tribe lived. It allowed the Guardian Tribesmen to seek refuge there.

No Pranic Beast would dare enter the Sandy-Grey Void. Therefore, the Mudropper was the only Pranic Beast that wasn't in a state of fluster. It even provided refuge for the Boutique Lizard and its most promising Guardian Tribesmen.

Encased by a Prana Bomb, Inala sent four Empyrean Zinger Scouts to this shelter, intending to keep watch over their actions. This was the first time he saw the Mudropper, for it was always elusive in nature.

Now that he had seen the actions of all five Silver Grade Pranic Beasts that have been scheming in this region, he decided. Since all of them unanimously decided to flee, he had more than enough confirmation. Based on the sense of urgency they displayed, he predicted the Minor Crisis to strike within a week.

'It's best to flee. Or in the worst-case scenario, I can take refuge within the Sandy-Grey Void like before.' Thinking as such, Inala tasked the Empyrean Zingers to make the construct while he returned to Ellora City, intending to inform Asaeya.

But the moment he entered the city, a scout alerted him, causing his complexion to ashen. He hurried home and entered it, staring at the figure of Asaeya seated in the living room. Sitting before her was Gudora, having made an appearance as if he instinctively felt Inala's desire to flee.

"You're here, Master Inala," Gudora spoke, his eyes no longer carefree like before. Now, they expressed his resolve, to see through things decisively.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 173 There’s a Reason I’m Arrogant
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You're here, Master Inala." Gudora lifted his head and calmly stared at Inala, "Where were you all along?"

"I have been waiting here since morning."

"I…" Inala shot a glance at Asaeya, quickly noticing that one of the Prana Bombs embedded in her bracelet was missing. That wasn't supposed to happen, but through his attention to detail, he noticed a small, almost invisible to the naked eye wood splinter next to her feet.

Based on the location, it was apparent that it was a result of the Prana Bomb being forcibly yanked out from her bracelet. And despite her trying to hide it, Inala had been with her for three years. He had a great understanding of this disciple of his.

Asaeya was being forced to act nonchalantly. And she was being threatened to do so. There was only one thing that she could be threatened with.

Since Gudora wasn't emitting his Prana, Inala could take action. He extended a stream of Prana from his feet and seeped it into the ground, making contact with a node in the tunnel network situated twenty metres deep.

He made contact with the Empyrean Zinger Scout seated there, using it to understand all information that was being exchanged in the tunnel network. From there, he obtained a scene of Hanya seated in the adjacent room, calmly eyeing Erwahllu. But anyone could understand that she was keeping an eye on baby Gannala who was in Erwahllu's embrace.

'They have threatened Asaeya with baby Gannala. That's why she's unable to do anything.' Technically, she could use her Prana to steal all the senses of Gudora and Hanya. Through that, she could retaliate and make her escape.

But she hadn't done that, for she wasn't privy to the entire picture. Hence, she didn't wish to act hasty and wait for Inala. Moreover, even if she stole their senses, things would go wrong if either Gudora or Hanya were to split their bodies. And in the fraction of a second it'll take her to steal the senses of all the new bodies that appeared, Hanya's attack would reach baby Gannala.

Hanya was strong enough that her attacks could one-shot baby Gannala. Empyrean Tusk she might be, but baby Gannala had no combat experience. She also hadn't tapped into the combat experience archives part of her inheritance.

She was merely three years old. And if she were to sustain an injury that wounded her potential, then everything they sacrificed for would go up in flames. The Mammoth Clansmen of the 44th Settlement that were waiting for baby Gannala would despair when after two decades of patience, all they received was a wounded Empyrean Tusk that couldn't even perform its usual functions.

If a battle were to erupt, they had too much to lose. Hence, Asaeya dared not act.

In two seconds, Inala had the full picture. He bowed during that duration, using his respectful actions to comprehend the situation, speaking, "I had gone out for a bit."

"And your reason being?" Gudora asked, his words lacking the respect he showed the previous day.

'He knows, huh?' It would be a mockery of his intelligence if Inala hadn't figured it out yet. Gudora had discovered their identity of being Mammoth Clansmen. 'Then, I need to change the way I approach the situation. It seems a fight is inevitable. That means my approach should be in regards to exerting dominance.'

"I heard some rumours," Inala said and made eye contact with Gudora, not displaying the slightest hint of weakness. This wasn't the time to remain humble, "About tomorrow's meeting, I mean."

"So, I went out to check."

"You heard some rumours?" Gudora neither affirmed nor denied. Instead, he calmly took out a spherical crystal from his pocket and placed it on the table, "Through this, I mean?"

"What is that?" Inala asked. But in truth, he knew, 'It seems my slipup alarmed him.'

It wouldn't be a lie to say Inala didn't get slightly cocky after the three years. After all, he had a lot of means to do the things he pleased and wielded enough power to make his dreams a reality. Hence, even though he was cautious, he made a mistake.

No matter the level of caution he exercised, sending Empyrean Zinger Scouts after an 8-Life Stage cultivator was too risky. And the spherical crystal before him contained the body of one of the scouts that had committed suicide, despite being invisible to the naked eye.

Gudora had no idea of what it was or what had actually happened. His goal was to probe here. Staring at Inala, he raised an eyebrow, "It seems you don't have a full grasp of the situation…"

"Oh, I do." Inala cut off Gudora mid-sentence, stating, "Your wife is holding my daughter hostage. So, let me ask you this."

He stepped closer to Gudora and sported a bright smile while his eyes were unreasonably calm, "It seems you don't have a full grasp of the situation."

"Are all Mammoth Clansmen this arrogant?" Gudora's expression turned chilly, "You are forgetting something."

"Your Clan isn't here." He raised his index finger and tapped once, turning the chair he was seated upon into crystal dust, "In my territory, I alone can act arrogant."

"Not you."

"You can either state your objective for coming here despite knowing my identity," Since the opponent expressed his hostility, Inala didn't hold back any longer, "Or I can prove the reason for my arrogance."

"You dare?" Gudora grunted, unleashing torrential waves of Prana that billowed out of his body like a volcanic eruption. His energy burst was a signal for Hanya to take action as she clenched her hand into a fist and punched forth, aiming for baby Gannala.

But suddenly, dozens of Prana Bombs appeared between the two, acting like a shield. The Prana Bombs shattered from the impact, but not before absorbing a good amount of her Prana.

The liquid that flowed out of the broken Prana Bombs was filled with the Prana stolen from her. Baby Gannala opened her mouth and sucked in the fluid, burping in satisfaction, "Now that's some quality meal."

Swoosh! Swo-Swo-Swoosh!

Dozens of Empyrean Zingers in miniature forms revolved around baby Gannala in a protective embrace. Each held a Prana Bomb, ready to retaliate. If so many were to slam into Hanya, she would be drained of all Prana.

Bang!

A loud thunderclap resounded in the living room as the walls shattered. Gudora held his hands in a cross before his chest, having transformed them into crystals. There was a small dent on one of them as a Prana Bomb spun rapidly.

The impact had sent Gudora reeling back for a dozen metres, causing him to break through the walls in the living room and the rooms past it.

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Blood!

The Prana Bomb's rotation speed was deadly as even though Gudora's power intended to crystallise it, as the Prana Bomb rapidly absorbed all the Prana within the power, it wasn't getting crystallised yet.

Before he arrived, Inala prepared a little, since he was alerted by the scouts in advance of the situation. He took out the Sumatra Zinger and slung it around his hip, making the nozzle pointed forward.

Since such a weapon didn't exist in Sumatra, Gudora didn't seem bothered by it. That was why he couldn't react on time when the Sumatra Zinger shot the Prana Bomb at him, causing him to be sent reeling away.

Arriving at a stop, he grunted, causing the Prana Bomb to crystallise before it shattered into dust. The Prana Bomb had absorbed sixty Prana in that short interval. And since he had destroyed it, that all went to waste.

Inala's goal with the shot was only to buy time to prepare. Empyrean Zingers flew out of the vents in his house in large numbers, surrounding Inala who glared at Gudora, "You see now?"

"There's a reason I'm arrogant."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 174 You’re a Mammoth Clansman
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The previous night, once Gudora and Hanya arrived at the City Lord Estate, an investigation had been conducted upon Hanya's urging.

In a matter of hours, a long scroll was brought to Gudora. It contained Inala's purchase history, not limited to him alone but anyone and everyone related to him.

Upon staring at it, Gudora was surprised, "Why does a Theatre owner require all this?"

Medicines, Elixirs, Cultivation Techniques, large volumes of food, and most of all, frequent commissions to cartographers and explorers. Pretty much every single map in the market, whether legit or fake had been procured by Inala through a variety of channels.

He also bribed higher officials with large sums of money and valuable resources to purchase whatever maps were in their possession. This started around thirty months ago and the scale of activity was increasing every month.

It was exorbitant in the past month when Inala met the Ellora City Counsellor at the latter's home in what seemed to be a casual get-together. But strangely, the Counsellor's lacking son became a genius overnight.

He suddenly seemed to possess a bunch of Skills to excel in any situation. The City Counsellor did his best to hide that and make his son gradually reveal his talents bit by bit. But Gudora had an iron grip on the city's information network, having been developing it generation after generation.

He had plants in the houses of every single noble. And through them, he got hold of this information, muttering in realisation, "Whoever this guy is, he's not simple."

"He has large ambitions. And his actions seem as if he's preparing an army."

"That's why I couldn't bring myself to trust him." Hanya commented, "Externally, he seemed too perfect. And whatever background he had is pretty much forged. There's no evidence to back it, but for some reason, all the related institutions claim his background to be valid. That's only possible if they have been bribed significantly."

"Hah, I didn't want to suspect him." Gudora sighed, "I don't have any evidence. Moreover, he's too powerful. Too many people worship him like he's their hero."

"He singlehandedly turned around and made prosperous the lives of thousands." Hanya analysed, "The moment we take any legal action, these people would stand in his defence and would even give up their lives for his cause. After all, to date, he has only done good for them."

"That's the issue," Gudora frowned, "There's not a single blemish in his records. We don't have the justification to make an enemy out of him. If I do, even the City Councillor will move against me. Inala is the sole reason his useless son became a genius with a bright future."

"If there isn't a reason, we'll make one." Hanya said, her eyes turning cold, "He's a smart guy. As long as we reveal the mildest of inclinations to harm his precious daughter, he'll figure it out and retaliate in response. But in the eyes of others, we wouldn't have done anything."

"Is this the right thing?" Gudora stated in worry.

"We have no other choice," Hanya muttered, "The water is depleting from our river at a rate dozens of times faster than our records. What we're facing will be a disaster unlike any in the past. Based on the prediction from our scholars before, the upcoming disaster shouldn't have been this dangerous. But in the past three years, there was an accelerated activity. And this date perfectly coincides with Inala's arrival."

"I fear he's the one that has accelerated the disaster to an unprecedented level of danger."

"Moreover, there are no records of him using the large quantities of food and medicines that he had purchased." Hanya said, "What if he's a Tribesman acting under the orders of the Centingers? Have we confirmed if he's a Free Human yet?"

"Isn't he always mingling around Life-Stage cultivators? We would have noticed it by now if he used his Prana…" Gudora stopped, muttering in realisation, "He has never used his Prana before us."

"No one knows what his Human Avatar is made out of."

"There's no guarantee he has one either," Hanya said, her expression solemn. The duo discussed throughout the night, and once dawn approached, one of their soldiers informed them of Inala leaving the city.

"Let's go," Hanya said, "If he's a Tribesman, his daughter too would be one. She looks too similar to him to not be his child."

Half an hour later, a luxurious carriage stopped before Inala's house. Gudora and Hanya got out, observing the servants open the door as they entered the living room.

Gudora released a tinge of his Prana and observed the servants, whispering, "They are all Free Humans."

A minute later, Asaeya rushed into the living room, bowing in apology, "Please be seated. I apologise for not greeting you beforehand."

"That's fine with me." Gudora said and smiled politely, "I had something urgent to discuss with Master Inala. Hence, I had to come here unannounced. Please forgive me."

"No, no, you needn't apologise, City Lord." Asaeya waved her hands in a hurry, "I'm not sure when my husband would return. He went out of the city."

"Oh, he went alone?" Gudora expressed shock, "Isn't he only at the Body Stage? Aren't you worried something will happen to him?"

"There's only Slump Lizards outside. And they don't emerge during the day." Asaeya didn't seem to mind the question, "So, there's no trouble in strolling outside."

"I wonder…" Gudora trailed off. At his signal, Hanya got up and entered the nearby room, staring at the figure of baby Gannala sleeping next to Erwahllu.

"Oh, let me show you around the house…" Asaeya got up, masking her worry as she intended to guide Hanya around. She argued and fought with baby Gannala all the time. But at the end of the day, she was a Mammoth Clansman and baby Gannala was an Empyrean Tusk.

A Mammoth Clansman's primary concern was always an Empyrean Tusk, especially against an external party such as Hanya. Asaeya felt something was amiss and hence intended to intervene, unwilling to allow Hanya to come into contact with baby Gannala.

"It's fine…" Saying so, Hanya's figure flashed as she swerved around Asaeya and grabbed baby Gannala, intending to seep her Prana in her and observe whether or not she was a Free Human. But a moment later, she was stunned, exclaiming, "She doesn't budge."

Her voice was soft, but Gudora heard it. If even Hanya felt perplexed, then baby Gannala must weigh beyond what a human ought to. His hand flashed forward and grabbed Asaeya by her wrist, speaking curtly, exerting pressure on her, "Sit down."

"W-What is happening?" Asaeya expressed fluster externally, but internally, she was ready to unleash her strongest attack.

Crack!

Her intent to attack was interrupted by a cracking sound. When Gudora grabbed her wrist, his grip damaged her bracelet, causing one of the bulges on it to break off, revealing a miniature Prana Bomb inside.

Gudora flicked a tinge of Prana towards Asaeya. The Prana barely dug skin deep into her before his expression turned solemn, "You…"

"You're a Mammoth Clansman!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 175 Free Humans Vs Mammoth Clansmen (Part 1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The moment Hanya entered the room, Erwahllu froze up in response. Immediately, memories of the past flickered past her mind. She recalled the faces of her son and daughter-in-law who were killed by soldiers under Hanya's orders.

Upon seeing Hanya grab baby Gannala, Erwahllu seethed in anger. After her son died, she simply lived like a corpse, waiting for the day her death approached.

But for the past two and a half years, she had an enjoyable life, watching baby Gannala's growth. She recalled the day baby Gannala turned two years old and suddenly began speaking a string of words without rest, expressing a level of intelligence vastly superior to her age.

"Inala," Erwahllu approached Inala later that night, after baby Gannala and Asaeya had fallen asleep.

Seated in the living room, Inala had been observing a map that he had just purchased. When she called him, he rolled up the map and motioned for her to take a seat.

"Grandma, do you want some tea?" He got up and entered the kitchen, preparing some.

"Thank you," Erwahllu sat in a comfortable cushion, staring at the mansion that now stood in the place of her dingy home. Inala had rebuilt and renovated the place luxuriously. His Theatre too had kicked up a notch, bringing him a lot of revenue, making him a busy person.

That meant he only had limited time to be at home, causing baby Gannala to spend most of her time with Erwahllu. As a result, both developed a close bond.

Sipping the tea that Inala brought, Erwahllu pieced through her thoughts and asked, "Tell me the truth."

"Who exactly is she?" She asked, "Is she really your daughter?"

"Isn't she starting to resemble me?" Inala tilted his head in confusion, "Why are you wondering about that, grandma."

"I'm not talking about her appearance. She indeed looks like you. But that's not what I'm getting at," She stared at Inala in all seriousness, "Tell me the truth."

"Is Gannala even human?"

"Are you sure you want to learn the truth?" Inala asked, "Grandma, please know that I won't be revealing it to you without the associated consequences."

"That's fine with me." Erwahllu nodded, "I will die any day now. So, I'm not concerned about that. I just wish to know the truth. Who exactly is Gannala? And in extension,"

She stared at Inala, "Who are you really?"

"We are Mammoth Clansmen." Inala said, "And Gannala is a Mammoth Clan Princess."

"I see…" Erwahllu nodded, satisfied, "Are all Mammoth Clansmen as smart as her?"

"If that was possible, we would be controlling all of Sumatra," Inala laughed, "Only a Mammoth Clan Princess is special."

He stared at her, "Are you repulsed because we aren't Free Humans?"

"Maybe I would have cared when I was younger." Erwahllu snorted, "But at my age, I can't bring myself to feel such attachments. Besides, I'm simply staying as a guest in your home until the day I die. So, I don't care."

"Gannala is a sweet child. Slightly selfish, but pure by heart." Erwahllu got up slowly, "I treat her as my granddaughter. And do you know, Inala?"

She grinned, "She calls me grandma with all her heart. It warms me to see her grow."

Staring at Inala's trembling hands, she spoke softly, "So, you needn't look at me like that. I won't do anything that'll sabotage your existence. Unless of course, you plan to destroy us."

"I'm not a psychopath," Inala muttered, "I'll be leaving this place in a couple of years. We have simply stopped here to prepare for our journey to Brimgan Empire."

"I wish you success then," Erwahllu yawned and returned to her room, staring at the figure of a sleeping baby Gannala, "I'll raise her well."

"Haah…" Inala sighed, retracting the Prana in his hands. If Erwahllu displayed the slightest intent to sabotage his plans, he intended to kill her. Thankfully, nothing happened like that, 'It would have weighed on my mind had I killed her.'

Returning to the present, Erwahllu stared as dozens of Empyrean Zingers revolved around baby Gannala in a protective formation. Asaeya rushed to her rescue, unleashing sounds that stole Hanya's senses.

But suddenly, Hanya's body flickered as she swapped her body with another. Only the senses of the previous body had been stolen. The new one was in its pristine state.

She activated her Human Avatar in full swing, transforming into a swamp-like humanoid with acidic properties. Prana Bombs slammed into her body but melted in a matter of seconds. The swampy fluids simply dispersed the momentum behind the impacts as Hanya closed in on baby Gannala.

"Don't you dare touch her!" Erwahllu shouted as she took out a dagger that had been passed down through her family for generations. Followed by a roar, she stabbed it into Hanya, causing the contact area to turn into ice.

"That's a decent weapon you got there," Hanya muttered as a tendril shot out of her body and spilled onto Erwahllu's forehead, melting through the latter. In an instant, Erwahllu turned into a puddle.

With barely any Prana, she was too weak and outclassed here, hence one-shotted by the 4-Life Stage cultivator, Hanya.

Thankfully, Erwahllu's sacrifice bought enough time for Asaeya to arrive between Hanya and baby Gannala. Six Spirit Weapons floated around her and attacked Hanya while she used her powers to rob the senses of both Hanya and Gudora.

But she couldn't do anything beyond that. The moment her Spirit Weapons came into contact with Hanya, they melted, rendering them useless. It was a bad matchup.

"Grandma! No!" Baby Gannala screamed in sadness as tears streamed out of her eyes. She glared at Hanya, inhaled a deep breath, and puffed through her mouth, unleashing a sonic boom as Hanya was sent flying away.

"What the heck was that?" Forming a pair of deep trenches in the floor as she dragged her feet to a halt, Hanya was surprised to see the level of power exhibited by baby Gannala, "How is a three-year-old this strong?"

Hanya slammed her palms together and expanded them to create a sludge film, tanking the Prana Bomb projectiles. After melting through them, she created a sludge whip and lashed at Asaeya, intending to incapacitate her.

Her goal was to capture Asaeya and baby Gannala to use them as a bargaining chip against Inala. Just before her attack landed on Asaeya, Hanya lost her sense of sight, hearing, smell, and touch.

Using that chance, Inala appeared behind her, carrying a bone paddle that was bigger than her body. He swatted her with force, having activated his Secondary Nature, sending her reeling into Gudora as her Human Avatar melted through his.

"Hanya! It's me!" Gudora grunted, watching the layer of crystals covering him melt in response. But Hanya was unable to hear his shouts, continuing to damage him. If he were to retaliate, she would suffer worse. Hence, Gudora was in a predicament.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 176 Free Humans Vs Mammoth Clansmen (Part 2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leaving behind one body to suppress Hanya, Gudora rushed out, retaining the power of his remaining seven bodies. With a flash of his hand, the region transformed into a crystal castle, giving him a terrain advantage.

Inala's legs began to be covered by a layer of crystal that was slowly creeping its way up. And the longer he remained in this terrain, the faster this crystal grew over his body.

Secondary Nature—Internal Inertial Gravity!

Inala flexed his toes, creating enough power to shatter the crystal layer covering him. His sudden display of overwhelming power shocked Gudora.

Staring at the cracks that formed on the crystal-covered ground as Inala walked, he realised how heavy Inala was, asking, "Are you really a Mammoth Clansman?"

"Are you seriously asking it now?" Inala snorted, "You shouldn't have attacked me in the first place."

"That so?" Gudora created a crystal hammer and slammed into Inala, grunting upon seeing the latter defend it without flinching, 'I'm using the strength by stacking seven bodies. He's withstanding it without trouble?'

There was a qualitative difference between the Natures of Pranic Beasts at different Grades. Inala's Internal Inertial Gravity was a Gold Grade Pranic Beast's Primary Nature. It was the strongest power under the Mystic Grade.

It was why the moment Inala activated it, he could go against Gudora. After all, the latter's Primary Nature was only Silver Grade.

Of course, this was only in terms of physical might. In terms of sheer ability, Gudora vastly outclassed Inala, since he was currently stacking seven bodies of himself into one. Meaning, his Primary Nature's effectiveness was reinforced seven times.

'I should change my attack.' Thinking as such, Gudora unleashed a mist, causing everything touched by it to transform into a crystal.

Inala created two Prana Bombs and activated his Mystic Bone Art, combining them into one before transforming them into a large fan. Through his Secondary Nature, he raised its density, allowing him to unleash a lot of force through it.

As he waved the fan, a fierce gust of wind was generated, sending the mist flying back at Gudora, preventing it from approaching anywhere close to him. Moreover, he directed the mist at Hanya, causing a layer of crystal to form on her body, immobilising her.

Gudora hurriedly retracted his power to ensure no harm was done to her.

Honestly, if he were facing Inala alone, he would have subdued the latter by now. But every time he attacked, his senses were stolen, preventing him from controlling his attacks to target Inala accurately.

And to escape from the ability, he had to switch bodies, which took a moment. And when he does so, he couldn't attack, allowing Inala to counterattack. This was all because of Asaeya.

Besides, even after changing his body, Gudora would still fall victim to her power, as she only had to activate it once again to steal his senses.

With Hanya no longer keeping her engaged, Asaeya had more than enough leeway to accurately target them.

Hanya was repeatedly switching her bodies in an effort to free herself from the loss of her senses. But Asaeya accurately timed her attacks, placing Hanya under the effects right after she switched a body. It was why Hanya was incapacitated and couldn't rejoin the battle.

"Surrender, Gudora." Inala said, using three Prana Bombs to create a hammer, "The next attack wouldn't be pretty."

By now, the Empyrean Zingers had taken position, ready to bombard Gudora with a rain of Prana Bombs. They unleashed their presence simultaneously, stacking everything into a singular whole, pressuring even Gudora, causing him to grunt in response.

"We have no reason to be enemies. So, why don't we stop this farce?" Inala asked.

"Farce?" Gudora snorted, "There has been a disturbance in the Red-Draft River since the day you appeared in my Kingdom. As a result, the disaster we face once a century suddenly grew many times stronger."

"Red-Draft River?" Inala blurted in shock, "What the fuck are you talking about?"

"Isn't the river in this region called the Angan River?" Inala was confused. Based on all the information he had obtained till now, he confirmed that the river passing through the Ganrimb Kingdom was called the Angan River.

He had never heard about it before, but considering how Sumatra Chronicles only recounted the places in a small region of the Sumatra Continent, he didn't consider something to be amiss.

"It was originally called the Red-Draft River before we renamed it the Angan River." Gudora said, expressing confusion, "Only the royalty ought to know its previous name. So, the fact that you recognise the name means you're involved."

'They renamed it?' Inala's face paled in response. All the gears in his brain whirred in a hurry, recalling everything he knew about Sumatra Chronicles. 'A disaster that strikes once a century, rapid depletion of the water before its arrival, and this happens in the Red-Draft River.'

"The Millinger Catastrophe…" Inala now understood what was happening, 'It's not that the Ganrimb Kingdom remained secluded and managed to not be detected by the Empyrean Tusk herd in Sumatra Chronicles. Red-Draft River comes within the herd's route. The fact that the Ganrimb Kingdom never appeared despite that is apparent enough.'

He stared at Gudora, 'They're annihilated in the upcoming days.'

"Kieek!"

"Kuaak!"

Suddenly, incessant shrieks resounded from the Empyrean Zingers placed throughout Ellora City. 'Damn! This is the worst timing.'

"Die!" Inala growled and combusted half his Prana reserves, condensing them all in his right leg as its density increased to the extreme. He lifted his right leg and slammed into the crystal floor with force, causing an earthquake.

"You're mad!" Gudora shrieked in a fluster as he erected multiple pillars throughout the region, propping up the falling ceilings of the nearby houses. Screams resounded as many people were alarmed by the collapsing houses.

The earthquake travelled for more than a hundred metres, causing all the walls there to collapse in response. If not for Gudora's prompt response in erecting pillars to prop up the ceilings, many people would have been squished.

Dust billowed throughout Inala's house as he lifted his leg and stared at the tunnel entrance that was revealed at its bottom. This led straight to the store room where he had stored all his Prana Bombs and excess Life Bombs.

Stage 1—Jaw!

Transforming his jaw into an Empyrean Zinger's, Inala opened his mouth wide, watching miniature Empyrean Zingers leap from the tunnel and throw miniature Prana Bombs into his mouth. They were rapidly emptying the store room, pouring everything into his stomach.

Inala consumed Prana voraciously and transformed his stomach into a biome, allowing for the storage of all the Prana Bombs.

In the meantime, controlling his Four Storey Storage Lantern and Sumatra Zinger like they were Spirit Weapons, Inala placed them in Asaeya's custody, informing her through his Bone Slip in her possession.

[Run! Now!]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 177 Free Humans Vs Mammoth Clansmen (Part 3)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

[What happened, Inala? Let's run together!]

Asaeya was stunned by his change in tone, hurriedly replying through her Bone Slip in his possession.

[This Kingdom's King will be here any moment now. He's too powerful! If we go together, he'll capture us all. I'll stay behind to buy time. Head to the Sandy-Grey Void and board the vehicle I made. The Empyrean Zinger Queen would be there shortly. She's capable of operating it. Don't stay in this region. Escape at full sprint until you reach the Guna Caves. Wait there for my arrival!]

Inala replied in a hurry and inscribed a map of the Guna Caves in the Bone Slip, pointing at the accurate spot where they would meet up later.

[Wait! What about you? If you stay behind, you'll be killed!]

Asaeya was in a state of fluster. As she said, if Inala were to stay behind, he would be killed. It was one-sided at present, but she was in love with him. Abandoning him was impossible for her.

[We don't have time! Just listen to me! Gannala's safety takes top priority. If she falls into the King's hands, he'll use her for his benefit. He's someone capable of that. So, run away!]

"Kuakk!" Inala unleashed a roar, informing the Empyrean Zingers of everything he needed to tell them. They'll take care of the rest, as there was enough of them to protect baby Gannala and Asaeya.

Inala threw a bunch of Prana Bombs that expanded to encase Asaeya and baby Gannala within. With a thought from him, the imprint in his Storage Lantern changed to Asaeya's Prana Signature. From now on, she'll be able to open and access its contents.

At present, it had the Empyrean Tusk bone powder, Elixirs, and Life Bombs—filled with Lifeforce. There was more than enough in them for Gannala's needs. Any more could be accumulated at a later date, since the Empyrean Zinger Queen would be accompanying them.

"Dada!" Baby Gannala screeched in protest, but a glare from Inala and she shut up, shedding tears in response, "Don't abandon meeee!"

The large Prana Bomb finished encasing them as the Sumatra Zinger stabbed into it, having finished absorbing enough air. With a thought from Inala, it unleashed the thrust, sending the large Prana Bomb flying in the air.

Over two hundred Empyrean Zingers in miniature form latched onto the large Prana Bomb, spreading their wings for an instant to give it the necessary lift, sending it flying high up in the air.

The remaining Empyrean Zingers used their Secondary Natures to leap into the sky, forming a cloud that covered the large Prana Bomb in its flight trajectory, stunning everyone in Ellora City who had arrived on the streets due to the commotion.

Suddenly, a group of the Empyrean Zingers unleashed a sharp cry. A menacing presence was rapidly approaching them.

Hearing the shout, Inala took out a Prana Bomb—filled with 100 Prana—and threw it lightly, making it cover a couple of metres in distance. Before it touched the ground, he rushed forth and kicked like it was a soccer ball after spiking his body's density to the maximum.

He transferred all the momentum into the Prana Bomb through the kick, causing it to blaze forth with a whistling sound. And while it flew, the 100 Prana in it was consumed, unleashing the effect of Internal Inertial Gravity to raise its density, making it weigh hundreds of kilograms.

It arched through the air and made a beeline towards the menacing presence that was rapidly closing in on the cloud of Empyrean Zingers. The Prana Bomb was like a flash of lightning as it slammed into the menacing presence and sent it reeling through dozens of buildings.

It shattered upon impact but had thwarted the enemy, gaining more than enough time for the cloud of Empyrean Zingers to leave Ellora City.

"You're not going after them, fucker!" Inala roared, having finished swallowing all the Prana Bombs he had stored underground. He also swallowed the remaining Empyrean Zingers that numbered close to eighty, storing them all in his biome.

At regular intervals, one of them would pop open a Prana Bomb and allow the biome to digest it, supplementing Inala's rapid Prana consumption.

The biome was tiny, a cramped space. Thankfully, all Empyrean Zingers remained in their miniature forms, hence taking up limited space in comparison to the Prana Bombs. Since the biome was tiny, his Prana consumption was within the limits that he could generate on time through Prana Bomb consumption.

'Now, I just need to endure torture for a short while.' Inala sighed for a moment before rushing towards Gudora to go on the offensive. His hammer slammed into the ground, causing another quake.

"Tch!" Gudora waved his hand, causing a hail to cover Inala and encase him in crystal. A second later, Inala broke free.

But since Asaeya was no longer at the scene, Inala was driven into a corner in a matter of seconds as both Gudora and Hanya ganged up on him.

Through the Mystic Bone Art, Inala covered himself with a layer of armour using his Prana Bombs, absorbing Hanya's and Gudora's Prana every time they attacked him. He fused his two Life Hands into his hand armour, ready to target at the right time.

"You're a freaking turtle!" Gudora grunted as he bombarded Inala with attacks. But the moment his crystal touched Inala, the Prana in them was absorbed, turning them brittle. And using the absorbed Prana, Inala mended the damage.

That was how he was able to hold on for so long. He truly was a tank with insane recovery speed. But that ended as suddenly, a giant with a golden crown landed behind him, reaching a height of eight metres.

It extended its hand and grabbed Inala, exerting pressure to shatter his armour instantly.

"Keuk!" Inala was prepared for this attack as he faced his palms covered by the Life Hands and touched the giant's palm, rapidly absorbing Lifeforce from the latter.

"Guh!" There was a grunt from the giant that let go of its hold. But a moment later, it swatted him into the ground like a bug, shattering his limbs. With that, the Life Hands crumbled, losing their power to absorb Lifeforce.

Like a rag doll, the giant lifted a bloodied Inala, muttering upon observing his limbs that were crushed into pulp, "That's better."

The giant vanished, and in its place stood a middle-aged man with an imposing presence. His bushy moustache dangled along the sides freely, reaching his shoulders. Every time he opened his mouth, it twitched like a serpent.

Ex-Prince of the Brimgan Empire, and founder of the Ganrimb Kingdom, the sole entity in the region to possess a Human Avatar made out of a Gold Grade mineral.

Ganrimb Kingdom's King—Fhoong Brimgan!

"Is this Mammoth Clansman the cause behind our worsening situation?" Staring at Gudora, Fhoong Brimgan asked with a commanding tone.

"We haven't confirmed it yet. But," Gudora said, "He's able to command a mysterious Pranic Beast race."

"Hmm…" Fhoong Brimgan stared at the unconscious Inala and slapped him awake, asking after a moment's observation, "What's your relationship with the Dieng Canyon Rulers?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 178 Free Humans Vs Mammoth Clansmen (Part 4)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What's your relationship with the Dieng Canyon Rulers?" Fhoong Brimgan asked as he observed Inala's broken body.

Pulpy limbs, cracked ribs, fractured skull, and ruptured organs. It was a wonder Inala was alive. Originally, Fhoong Brimgan intended to pummel Inala close to death's door. Following that, by treating him limitedly, he would wake Inala up and interrogate him.

But upon seeing that Inala's condition was a lot better than he had expected, Fhoong Brimgan had to change his plans and interrogate beforehand. He hadn't been to the Dieng Canyon, but he heard about the Zingers that ruled the region through some records at the Brimgan Empire he went through randomly.

And since they were protecting Inala, he assumed Inala had a relationship with the three Zinger Queens that controlled Dieng Canyon. That was how they dispatched a team of Zingers to protect him.

That was very far from the truth but information exchange was limited in Sumatra. And Fhoong Brimgan fled the Brimgan Empire. Hence, his education was lacking. After founding the Ganrimb Kingdom, he holed himself in the region to cultivate and develop the place.

Despite everything, he was the most knowledgeable out of everyone in the Ganrimb Kingdom. The fact that he recognised the Zingers itself was a wonder, something most Kingdoms didn't even know about.

The Dieng Canyon was very far from their location after all, without a proper path to travel towards it from their region.

"Why…do you care?" Inala wheezed but displayed no trace of fear, "Whatever I do is none of your business."

"It is if my Kingdom is involved in it," Fhoong Brimgan replied, subtly motioning Gudora to keep quiet in response to the disrespect Inala displayed. As long as Inala replied, Fhoong was confident in extracting the necessary information.

Limited clues were enough for him to piece together the whole picture.

"Let me be clear about one thing," While Inala spoke, an Empyrean Zinger shattered a Life Bomb in his stomach. He carefully circulated the lifeforce through the vital organs, healing them to the point his life wasn't in danger.

Earlier, when he was attacked, through Internal Inertial Gravity, he strengthened the most important parts and protected them, ensuring he would survive Fhoong's attack but still appear to be severely wounded to others.

"Whatever I did here was, is, and will never be a concern for your Kingdom." Inala expressed arrogantly, "If you think otherwise, the Mammoth Clan will explain it clearly in two years."

"Question them if you're confident enough."

"Are you threatening me?" Fhoong increased the strength in his palm, causing cracking sounds to resound from Inala's bones, "Do you think the Mammoth Clan will dare fight my Kingdom for a measly cultivator?"

"They might be strong enough to destroy my Kingdom, but the losses they'll face in the process will be devastating." Fhoong analysed calmly, acting as if he was merely a third party, "If they are wise, they wouldn't risk everything."

"Depends on the measly cultivator's status." Inala didn't even react at his bones developing more fractures, "And I can guarantee this."

"Kill me," He revealed a confident smirk, "And you'll all join me in the afterlife."

"Are you a Settlement Leader's son?" Fhoong snorted. But internally, he was nervous. Inala didn't even twitch at his bones getting crushed. His mind was way too strong for someone his age.

Fhoong was strong, but he didn't dare face the Mammoth Clan. Every single leader of Free Human civilizations knew very well the fact of the Mammoth Clan's tyranny. They had razed down many regions, whether human or Pranic Beast once offended.

Moreover, if the Empyrean Tusks were to personally take action, his Kingdom would be dust in a matter of hours. His strength didn't matter.

He could at most face three or four Settlement Leaders. But that was it. The various princes like Gudora could face a Settlement Leader each.

Even then, the Ganrimb Kingdom only had seven cities. Meaning, there were seven City Lords in total on Gudora's level.

In comparison, the Mammoth Clan had six times the number of powerhouses. Moreover, the average quality of Mammoth Clansmen was very high, capable of taking on at least three to four Free Humans at the same cultivation.

It wouldn't even be a fight. The Ganrimb Kingdom would be annihilated.

"I'm not a Settlement Leader's son," Inala said, smiling upon seeing the visible relief on Fhoong's face. His lips curved up wide as he uttered, sending waves of despair in the faces of Fhoong, Gudora, and Hanya, "I'm an Empyrean Tusk."

"So," He chuckled, "There you have it."

"E-Empyrean Tusk?" Fhoong's hands trembled as he let go of Inala subconsciously, staring at the man on the floor with pulpy limbs, "N-No, this isn't possible."

"An Empyrean Tusk cannot take on a human form…" He stopped speaking when Inala inhaled a deep breath of air, compressed it, and unleashed a powerful gale. He hadn't used his Prana externally to unleash that effect. But rather, it was a simple inhalation and exhalation that was unleashed with such power.

Only one existence could do that in Sumatra Continent. It was an entity worshipped as a Deity among many Free Human communities, the most feared and respected Pranic Beast.

Expert Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Tusk!

He wanted to refute it, but the power behind the Prana Bomb that slammed into him just before was vivid in his memory. Moreover, when he was rushing through Ellora City, he witnessed the intense quake personally.

Only Internal Inertial Gravity was capable of unleashing such a power.

"You're lying!" Hanya shrieked in fear, "You're not an Empyrean Tusk!"

"Sure, kill me then." Inala stated calmly, "You'll know the answer in two years."

"Two years…" Fhoong Brimgan thought of the last time he saw the herd at the Brimgan Empire. Since the century-long route of the Empyrean Tusk herd was famous, he calculated accordingly, 'There's seventeen years before they arrive at the Brimgan Empire. Based on that, they might pass through this region in two years. It's closer to the route they take alongside the Red-Draft River.'

"I will, then!" Hanya shouted and transformed her hand into acidic sludge, intending to kill Inala. But Gudora erected a wall of crystal between the two. Hanya glared at him, "Why are you stopping me?"

"This region is protected by the ring of Sandy-Grey Void. Empyrean Tusks won't approach this place." She argued.

"Wait a minute." Saying so, Gudora sprinted out and arrived on the city walls, waiting for a few minutes until he saw some soldiers return, "How's it? Did you capture them?"

"We apologise, City Lord!" The soldiers trembled in fear, "They entered the Sandy-Grey Void. B-But,"

"They were accompanied by flying monsters!"

"How many?" Gudora asked. His face paled as he heard the answer, recalling Inala's statement when he stated his reason for being arrogant.

3000 Empyrean Zingers!

That wasn't all. He saw a massive Pranic Beast perch upon a hill two kilometres away and stare his way like a hawk, oozing the strongest presence among the Empyrean Zingers he witnessed. It didn't do anything but simply stare. Slowly, it opened its mouth and uttered, "Chirp!"

It was loud, echoing throughout the city. In response, Inala's smile only widened, causing terror to churn within Fhoong's heart.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 179 Treasure Trove of Information
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At least if they had captured Asaeya and baby Gannala, the Ganrimb Kingdom could have acted ignorant about Inala's existence if the Mammoth Clan were to arrive in the future.

But they had escaped. It meant that the truth would eventually reach the Mammoth Clan. When that happens, they would be fucked, without given any chance to plead for forgiveness.

"Shit!" Gudora stomped in anger and returned to a region of rubble at the centre of which were Fhoong and Hanya. He subtly shook his head, signalling that they failed to capture Asaeya and baby Gannala.

"You needn't act secretive." Inala teased, "They've already left this region. It's impossible for you to cover the traces of my existence. So,"

"What will you do now?"

'Damn, this fucker is completely relaxed.' Gudora was nervous upon staring at Inala. But suddenly, he thought of something and asked, "If you're truly an Empyrean Tusk, then your actions make no sense."

"First of all, you created a business here." He said, feeling more confident the longer he spoke, "You amassed a lot of wealth, uncharacteristic of an Empyrean Tusk that has no materialistic need. Secondly, you were raising an army of Zingers."

"That makes no sense."

"Oh, you're finally using your brain," Inala eyed Hanya for a moment, "Unlike someone that acts based on gut feeling here."

"I'll let you figure it yourself." Grinning in response, Inala uttered, "Gather a team of experts with detection prowess. Head to the Rooster Tribe settlement and find a cracked region among the walls. Dig the ground at the foot of the wall and do your best to sense the lifeforce present there."

"Come here when you do so," Saying so, Inala closed his eyes and daringly fell asleep.

"Send a team immediately," Fhoong took a seat next to Inala, "I'll keep watch here."

"Make the trip personally."

"Yes," Nodding in response, Gudora gathered his best team of scouts and rushed to the Rooster Tribe Settlement. As Inala had said, there was a damaged portion among the settlement walls. Even though it had been mended, it looked too damaged as compared to the rest.

"Dig here," He said and pointed at the foot of the wall, watching his team do so immediately. Soon, when they reached a depth of forty metres, they noticed faint traces of a fluid that had mixed with the soil there, surprisingly maintained as such.

And the deeper they dug, the more the mysterious fluid appeared. The best scout among the team scooped out a millilitre of the fluid and activated his Human Avatar, sensing faint traces of Lifeforce within the fluid, exclaiming, "Such a rich Lifeforce!"

"Is this even possible?"

"Anything else?" Gudora asked, frowning at the result, 'Is high-quality Lifeforce meant to imply something?'

"Let me take over," A young scout who hailed from a prestigious family line of scouts grabbed the fluid and activated his power, "I'll try to manifest any innate traces remaining within it."

The scout's Prana surged and seeped into the fluid, causing the image of a Pranic Beast with wings to appear for an instant before collapsing. But a moment later, the projection of a ravenous boar head appeared, expressing bottomless avarice.

Goosebumps formed on the scout's limbs as he dropped the fluid, muttering like a broken record, "B-B-Bo-Bo-Boar…"

"BOAR KING!"

"Are you serious?" Gudora's expression turned solemn as he ordered the team, "Double-check it! Did the Boar King really come here?"

Back at Ellora City, after a short nap, Inala opened his eyes upon hearing a screech. "They have returned."

The majority of the Empyrean Zingers left the region with Asaeya and baby Gannala. But the Empyrean Zinger Queen was worried. Hence, she left behind an Empyrean Zinger King along with a dozen Empyrean Zinger Scouts.

Currently, they remained in the forest outskirts of Ellora City to inform Inala of whatever happened outside through their shrieks. Their blatantly obvious presence kept pressure on the people in Ellora City, preventing any drastic measures from being taken against Inala.

And it had worked wonders, for Inala had even safely taken a nap.

At his words, Fhoong Brimgan stared to the side and noticed Gudora arrive with a depressing expression, "What did you find out?"

"The Boar King visited this place three years ago." Gudora iterated his findings. "He spent a month here. We were unable to find out anything else."

"There you have it," Inala said, "I came here after learning of the Boar King's arrival."

"To do what?" Fhoong asked solemnly.

"The Boar King will return," Inala said with assurance, "The sole Mudropper of Sumatra exists here. In two years, it'll lay its eggs. The Boar King will return to consume it then. Hence, I've been raising an army of Zingers to trap him in the Sandy-Grey Void."

"That's pretty much it." He concluded, "I have no relation to the Centingers. Rather, the lot of you are foolish to live right in the centre of their mating bed."

"We know this is their mating bed." Fhoong snorted, "We were able to defend our Kingdom against the Centingers successfully until now. And we'll continue to do so."

"Good for you. It's not my concern." Inala shrugged and reverted to his male self, "Well, since my plans have been revealed, I'll ask it formally. You don't mind me doing my thing here, right?"

"Oh, absolutely, I do mind." Suddenly, Fhoong Brimgan revealed a grin and grabbed Inala, "The Mammoth Clan is terrifying, yes. The Empyrean Tusks are even more terrifying. That is even more obvious."

"But, if the Boar King will return in two years, I can't ask for better news myself." He commanded Gudora, "Imprison him."

"When the Boar King arrives, we'll bribe him with an Empyrean Tusk. He'll love it dearly." Fhoong spoke, seeing Inala's face turn ashen in response as he grinned, "The Mammoth Clan will not dare come anywhere near here after the Boar King's arrival. In the meantime,"

He stared at Hanya, "Interrogate this Empyrean Tusk for all its information. Each one is a treasure trove of information. We'll benefit tremendously through this and might even surpass the Brimgan Empire."

"Treasure Trove of Information," Gudora's eyes lit up as he stared at Inala, "I now understand how you turned the City Councillor's son into a genius. You used your vast seat of knowledge to equip him with Skills perfect for his cultivation technique."

"Everything's crystal clear now." Gudora saluted in excitement at Fhoong, "We'll extract everything, Father."

"Good," Fhoong nodded, "I'll send a team of experts to aid you in this. They'll record and analyse everything you find out."

He stared at the fear-struck expression of Inala, "This Empyrean Tusk came at the right time. Once we gain everything from it, we'll offer it up to the Boar King on a golden platter."

He left after leaving behind a statement, "I'll go speak to the Mudropper and tell it to widen the Sandy-Grey Void. As long as I supply it with enough resources, it can make the Sandy-Grey Void large and deep enough that even the Empyrean Tusks would refrain from entering it."

"You…you'll regret this!" Inala shouted.

"Oh, shut up!" Hanya slapped Inala, "We'll benefit a lot by selling you to the Boar King and also seek his protection. No one in Sumatra can go against him."

"So, give up!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 180 Torture and Information
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ellora City!

Arriving at the prison beneath the City Lord estate was Hanya, in tow with Inala. Arriving at a cell, she threw him inside with force, "This is your home from today onwards."

"You…you'll regret everything." Inala gasped for breath and muttered.

"No longer arrogant, are we?" Hanya grinned and gagged him, preventing him from speaking. His limbs were already mushy. Hence, she nailed them to the floor, making eye contact with Inala to utter softly, "Be patient, alright?"

"We'll be spending a lot of time together from now onwards." Saying so, she erected a sludgy dome around Inala. No third party would be able to enter it, ensuring Inala wouldn't be able to escape too.

She then returned to the living room of the City Lord estate, staring at Gudora to speak, "Inala has been secured now."

"Good work," Gudora retired for the day, taking a nap, "Wake me up in a few hours. I need to prepare for tomorrow's meeting."

"Alright," Hanya nodded and returned to the prison, taking seat on a comfortable cushion as she downed some medicine and circulated her Prana, recovering from her injuries.

From time to time, she observed Inala, smiling upon seeing him remain put in place, 'Good, he's not creating a racket.'

Evening that day, she opened her eyes, having finished her recovery. She entered the cell and stopped before Inala, seeing that he had lost a mild amount of muscle mass, "Empyrean Tusks have a voracious appetite. How does going hungry for a change feel?"

"…" Inala stared at her in silence, not expressing anything.

"You don't need to talk. I have methods to strip information from your mind. But before they arrive," She brought a woman in her twenties who had drowned herself in debt.

"W-What should I do, Lady Hanya?" The woman asked, trembling.

"Bear his child…" Hanya hadn't even finished her sentence when a gust of wind slammed into them, knocking them to the end of the corridor where they slammed hard into the wall.

"You bastard!" Hanya shook her head, experiencing a mild concussion. She hurriedly circulated her Prana to heal the damage and swerved her head to the side, her eyes widening to see the woman was knocked unconscious, bleeding from multiple areas.

"Let's see how much you can resist." Snorting in response, Hanya snapped her finger, causing a couple of guards to escort the woman out. She brought another woman and entered the cell, being sent flying in response once again.

But this time, she observed that the strength behind the wind was a tad weaker, 'Your strength is depleting quickly. It's just a matter of time.'

Her plan was simple. She intended to have a woman bear Inala's seed. If it succeeded, they'll obtain an Empyrean Tusk's progeny. As long as they enslaved the progeny properly, they could use it to farm valuable resources.

An Empyrean Tusk's tusk was renowned across Sumatra as the hardest material. Moreover, it was the vital component necessary to make Storage Lanterns, the primary item sold by the Mammoth Clan.

The Ganrimb Kingdom would be able to develop at a stronger pace as a result.

Hanya didn't mind being sent flying, which was the other aspect of her plan. By showing her intention to make a woman bear Inala's seed, she was making him defend himself. As long as he continued to do so, his strength would be deprived eventually.

That would make it easy for her Intelligence Team to pry open Inala's mind and extract information out of him. They were carefully nurtured with Human Avatars to become experts in the field of the mind.

They regularly used it on the captured Slump Lizards to understand everything that was happening in the region. That was how Ganrimb Kingdom continued to prosper and remained at the top of things.

The Intelligence Team was already waiting at the City Lord estate. But they had zero combat power. Hence, even the gentlest of attacks would be critical towards them. It was why Hanya was making Inala use up all his power.

"Grr!" Inala raged, unable to speak while gagged. He inhaled a large volume of air and exhaled it sharply, sending another woman flying. But this time, the gust of wind only sent the woman flying halfway into the corridor.

It wasn't strong enough to slam her into the wall like the first time. Of course, the woman had barely ten Prana. So, she couldn't endure the impact, falling unconscious in response.

Hanya didn't mind that, since she had more women lying in wait. All of them were unable to pay their debts, having lost everything in gambling houses. Their fate was to be subjected to relentless labour at the mines.

Hence, Hanya could do whatever she pleased with them, promising them a future if they managed to bear Inala's child. It was why those women were desperate.

"Heh," Hanya chuckled upon seeing the gusts of wind weaken after every successive use. 'It's only a matter of time.'

She stared at Inala grunting nonstop, seemingly harnessing all the latent power in him, grinning sadistically, 'Futile struggles.'

Of course, she couldn't be farther away from truth. Inala was simply exercising his acting skills.

In the biome that his stomach had transformed into, an Empyrean Zinger cracked open a Prana Bomb, pouring it onto the stomach muscles. With Inala's activation of Mystic Bone Art, the fluid in the Prana Bomb was digested little by little, causing his Prana to recover.

He was steadily accumulating power but instead showed as if he was desperately holding on. There were plenty of Life Bombs in his biome, enough to make a full recovery and still have excess.

His goal was simply to buy a week's worth of time. By then, the Ganrimb Kingdom would be no more. 'The Millinger Catastrophe would begin shortly.'

The moment he knew what was about to happen, Inala planned accordingly to make Gudora and the rest mistake him to be an Empyrean Tusk. As they couldn't take responsibility for killing an Empyrean Tusk, upon getting clues that the Boar King would return, they would be happy to offer him to the Boar King and receive some benefits in return.

Inala led them on perfectly, making Fhoong Brimgan assume it was his idea when in actually, that idea was simply planted in his mind through the manner in which Inala machined the sequence of events and information delivery.

And as Inala expected, he was imprisoned. Now, he only needed to endure for a week to break free. Hence, he was acting to buy some time, making Hanya thing he was steadily expending all his strength.

Besides, he was curious about the Intelligence Team, 'I never knew of their existence before this. I want to see how good they are.'

Through his Mystic Skill Creator, Inala intended to derive a Skill that allowed him to gain information from his opponents, similar to his Prime Skill of Empyrean Slip but more forceful in nature. It was necessary for his future plans and since the best opportunity presence itself, he took action.

Fhoosh!

A woman was sent flying a few metres, only managing to startle her in response. Upon seeing that, Hanya grinned, snapping her finger as the Intelligence Team entered the prison.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 181 Battle of the Mind
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Battalda was a 120-year-old cultivator at the 3-Life Stage, reaching the latter half of his lifespan. He had dedicated his life to gathering intelligence for Ellora City. Since young, he had looked into the minds of Slump Lizards, various Ravaged Tribesmen that had been captured, and dissidents of the city.

The mineral his Human Avatar was made from was called Brahasp and was very valuable. It was equivalent to Beginner Silver Grade, but in terms of rarity, it exceeded even Haddlyok, the mineral used by the Ganrimb Kingdom Royalty to forge their Human Avatars.

It was available only in discrete amounts and had to be mined judiciously. Hence, the number of cultivators part of the Intelligence Team barely numbered five, with the cultivation of everyone at the peak of the Body Stage.

Only he, the head of the Intelligence Team, holding the title of Intelligence Officer received enough Brahasp to reach the 3-Life Stage. And at his Lord, Hanya's orders, he entered Inala's cell. He was accompanied by two of his Intelligence Team members.

"Anything I need to know beforehand, My Lady?" Battalda asked Hanya as he stared at the crushed limbs of Inala.

"He's an Empyrean Tusk." Hanya said, "You need to extract all information from his mind within two years. It's fine even if his mind breaks, but his body shouldn't be harmed. We need him to birth more of his kind. But first, we'll wait for your information."

There were differences in mating strategies for every race. And if not done correctly, a progeny wouldn't be birthed. Besides, Hanya didn't even know if a human woman could bear Inala's child. Hence, it was best to wait until Battalda got the required information.

They could always make the decision accordingly.

"I got it," Battalda nodded and calmly took position behind Inala's head while his subordinates positioned themselves on either side of Inala's legs.

"This will hurt," He spoke to Inala and activated his Human Avatar, transforming his body into a glass-like humanoid, sporting his previous stature. Faint rings of information churned through his body, accumulating Prana as they condensed in his hands.

Battalda placed his hands on Inala's temples and asked, "How old are you?"

In response to his question, a ring in his hand seeped into Inala's head, causing the latter to grunt in pain once. A couple of seconds later, the ring returned to its original position in his hand.

Battalda opened his mouth and uttered, "Seventeen years old."

The moment he talked, the respective ring in his hand shattered, dissolving into his body. He expended one Prana to extract that information.

One of the Intelligence Team members took out a crystal and coded the information into it. This crystal was the Bone Slip equivalent for their cultivation technique.

The Mammoth Clan only used the Bone Slip for information exchange as the only cultivation technique they practiced was the Mystic Bone Art.

But in the Ganrimb Kingdom where people practiced dozens of cultivation techniques, the devices used to store information varied accordingly, too numerous. As a result, information exchange took time, done so through cultivators practicing the same cultivation technique.

If a third party wished to access that information, the respective device would have to be taken to an institution where the cultivator practicing the same cultivation technique could access it and manually record it into a book.

Following that, another cultivator would access the information in the book and encode it into a different device—which could be accessed by the third-party cultivator.

Every single time someone wanted that piece of information, a cultivator in that institution practicing the same cultivation technique would have to manually inscribe the book's contents into a Bone Slip equivalent for that cultivator.

As a result, information exchange took a lot of time in Ganrimb Kingdom. It was the same for the Intelligence Team too.

At present, they were recording all information in their Bone Slip equivalent, since that was instantaneous. After this, they would have to manually print the information on a book and store it in their database for public access.

By public, it was limited to the Royalty and people of power who gained permission from the Royalty.

Battalda stared at Hanya, "Is there any information I need to prioritise?"

"Find out what he knows about the changes in the Angan River," Hanya said.

"Okay," Nodding as such, Battalda seeped another ring into Inala's head, asking the latter, "What do you know about the changes in Angan River?"

His power worked by sending an energy packet into the target's mind. Following that, he would ask a question. Even if the target was unwilling to answer, his brain would think up an answer automatically, since thinking was what the brain did.

This energy packet captured all the thoughts generated by the brain in response to the question. Of course, there would be a lot of accompanying noise, since no human would have a streamlined thought process. There would be information jumbles, parallel thought processes, etc.

Battalda had gone through extensive training to filter out most of the noise and capture only the essence of the information he wanted. Experience played a crucial part in his abilities. As a result, the older someone was in the Information Team, the greater they were valued. And Battalda was valued across the entire Ganrimb Kingdom.

But now, that same person was experiencing a state of puzzlement. The energy packet he sent to Inala's head was destroyed for some reason. Even the Prana infused in the energy packet was absorbed by something, confusing him.

'That hurt, but it's good since I can understand its mechanism.' Inala thought, 'I want more experience regarding this, but not at the cost of leaking sensitive information that might fuck me up.'

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Domination!

This was the Skill he got from Granny Oyo as a bribe in advance of what she did later in the night. Forgetting that incident, the Skill of Prana Domination allowed Inala to exercise sovereign control over his Prana.

Prana was an energy created through the fusion of energies from the Body, Mind, and Soul. Therefore, Prana Domination allowed Inala to have complete control over his Prana, and in extension, his body, mind, and soul. No third party would be able to go against that, unless they knew the Skill and were vastly stronger than him.

Offensively, Prana Domination Skill could only be used on Mammoth Clansmen. When used, he could make the target's skeleton into his Spirit Weapon and also influence their Spirit Container.

Defensively, it prevented others from influencing his body, Prana, Spirit Container, etc.

The moment he used it, Inala realised that Battalda didn't have enough power to overcome the defences of his Prana Domination Skill. Upon arriving at the conclusion, he grinned, 'Now, I need to evolve this Skill to be effective on targets other than Mammoth Clansmen.'

Prana steadily surged through his body as Inala controlled his mental defences, only allowing Battalda to get what he wanted the latter to receive. As Battalda continued to obtain useless pieces of information from him, Inala recorded the process happening in his head, activating another ability.

Mystic Bone Art—Mystic Skill Creator.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 182 Centinger Mating Season
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"He has strong mental defences," Battalda muttered as he wiped his sweat, "The more valuable the information, the stronger it's guarded. It'll take me a while to obtain anything of importance."

"Well, it's only natural since he's an Empyrean Tusk. They wouldn't be a Gold Grade Pranic Beast if it was easy." Hanya said and placed a group of guards to protect Battalda, "I'll ask for more experts from the Capital's Intelligence Team."

"That will be helpful," Battalda nodded, "We'll be able to obtain information at a faster rate if my master were to come here."

"I'll ask the King about that." Hanya said, "I can't give any guarantees due to how sensitive of a time period this week is."

After the short exchange of dialogues, Battalda resumed his work while Hanya returned to her residence to rest.

After two hours, Battalda sighed and motioned at one of his subordinates, "You take charge now."

"Yes," The Intelligence Team member nodded and activated his Human Avatar, seeping an energy packet into Inala's head, "What's your relationship with the two Mammoth Clansmen that lived with you."

As expected, he received no information. The energy packet was consumed in Inala's head. The Intelligence Team member continued asking questions of varying difficulty. But in the end, he was unable to obtain even the simplest of information—like Inala's name.

"His mind's defences are too strong for me to breach." The team member sighed and returned to recording duty, leaving Battalda the only one with the capacity to extract anything worth of substance from Inala.

Of course, that wasn't the case actually. Inala was simply manipulating his mental defences through the Prana Domination Skill to make it seem as such.

This way, he only needed to guard against Battalda. That meant whenever Battalda rested, the others from the Intelligence Team wouldn't bother him, allowing him to catch a breather too.

It would be hard to protect himself if he were to fall asleep. Hence, by absorbing small portions of fluid from a Life Bomb, Inala was forcefully keeping himself awake. He was confident in being able to remain awake for a week.

Of course, he would have to pay the price later. But that wasn't an issue. His body was currently reeling from the side effects of using the Prana Blood Skill. So, he was taking time to mend the damage and gradually heal himself while ensuring to mask himself as still being injured.

Having used Mystic Skill Creator so many times, Inala was familiar with the process. This time, he was using the Prana Domination Skill and the Empyrean Slip Prime Skill as the base, allowing the gathered experience to simply modify them according to his desire.

Therefore, he could feel the rate at which it was being accomplished, 'One week is more than enough time.'

The stronger Battalda's efforts were, the greater the fuel for Inala's progress, causing him to be giddy internally, 'Come! Work harder!'

He was internally cheering for Battalda. If the latter were to ever realise this, he would bang his head on the wall and commit suicide. The worst thing for an Intelligence Officer was to lose a battle of intelligence and not even be aware of it.

The next day, at the City Lord mansion, a crowd had gathered in the meeting room. The meeting room was a mix between a study and a dining room, a unique style.

There was a rectangular table placed in the centre, vacant at the centre. The edges of the table were situated only two metres away from the walls. There were shelves placed at equal intervals around the table, each a metre in width, housing shelves filled with various reference materials.

Situated in the gaps were cushioned chairs, numbering forty in total. Currently, thirty-six of them were occupied, consisting everyone of power in Ellora Trade City.

Maharell too occupied a seat as one of the largest merchants in the city. Currently, his expression was a mixture of relief and pain.

He was relieved at the fact that Inala had been removed from the picture. The latter was growing too powerful at a rapid pace. It caused him to be uneasy all along.

He also felt pain because it was through Inala that he was making a large sum of profits. Now, in his absence, the Theatre lacked an owner. Inala's capture was also a hit to its prestige.

And without someone to take the reins as the leader, there was chaos in the Theatre. The various Troupe Leaders fought for the spot but none had the power to actually clinch ownership.

Externally, the big merchants too vied for the Theatre's ownership. As a result, things had become chaotic. The chaos resulted in a lack of interest in the commodity, as at the end of the day, the Theatre was a recreational place meant for entertainment.

It should sell drama but shouldn't become the source of one itself. With that, it lost some confidence among the patrons.

For the first time since it opened, the Theatre experienced a drop in viewership, an alarming cause of concern for the big merchants, for their profits were impacted severely as a result.

Their profits the previous day were only half as usual, and the trend seemed to only continue. Just before arriving at the meeting, Maharell tallied the day's profits, realising that it dipped further.

He intended to stop the chaos, but he couldn't. He wanted to own the Theatre and so did the other big merchants. As a result, they added to the chaos, despite wishing to stop it themselves.

'I hope we figure out a solution by the end of this meeting.' That was Maharell's goal. Hence, he came prepared.

Gudora entered the room and occupied one of the seats, motioning for the rest to remain seated as he began the meeting, "The reason I called everyone is to address the issue with the Crisis that occurs once every century."

"The mating season of the Centingers will begin in five days." He said, causing waves of shock to resound amongst everyone in the meeting room.

"I'm sure you must be shocked, as only half of those in this room have lived long enough to experience the previous Centinger's mating season." Gudora spoke after a few seconds of pause, "But for the rest, let me explain."

"The Centingers are marine creatures that travel through the Red-Draft River. But they remain at the depths and hardly surface. And since the part of the Red-Draft River that passes through our Kingdom, the Angan River is shallower, and filled by slump Lizards, the Centingers typically avoid this region and navigate through a parallel tributary flowing outside our Sandy-Grey Void ring." Gudora said, "But the exception is their mating season, during which they kill every single living being in their sight for game."

"And our Kingdom becomes their largest target."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 183 The Centinger Game
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Centinger!

It sported a body similar to a frog, but one that was covered by a turtle shell. Dangling from its lower body was a tail resembling a fish's, giving it rapid underwater movement capabilities. Its frog legs allowed it to leap long distances.

When threatened, the Centinger can retract into its hard shell, capable of tanking the strongest of attacks.

The most threatening aspect of it was its head which resembled a centipede's upper body, sporting hundreds of sharp claws that could grate through the toughest of Pranic Beast bodies. This centipede's upper body becomes its primary means of attacking.

The part would dangle like a whip sword to sever its target, act like a snake to coil around its prey and crush it into pulp, and worst of all, despite behaving like the head, it wasn't one.

The brain didn't exist in the head. Even the pair of eyes on it were simply visual nerve endings that extended from the actual pair of eyes situated deep inside the body, hidden by the turtle shell. The brain too existed in the body, protected by the shell.

Therefore, when the centipede upper half is destroyed, the Centinger simply casts out the part, and like a lizard growing its tail, it regrows another centipede upper body.

Through the traits it was born with, the Centinger could become a natural menace of the marine world, sporting terrifying combat capability. But contrastingly, Centingers were herbivores.

All they feasted upon were marine plant life and shells of crustacean-type Pranic Beasts. They were docile creatures that never harmed another life, unless one of their own was attacked.

But that all changes during their mating season which approaches once a century. The mating culture of the Centingers was strict and special. Only one male that was designated as the leader would mate with all the females.

The remaining males would only have to cry in a corner, for they wouldn't be allowed to pass on their genes. As a result, their docile nature vanishes during the mating season.

In the quest to become the leader, the Centingers host a competition, which is pretty simple in essence: Hunt the greatest threat.

The one that kills the greatest number of threats would be crowned their leader and would get the opportunity to mate with all the females. Hence, all Centingers would enter a state of frenzy and kill every living thing they chance upon.

This was why the five Silver Grade Pranic Beasts tried their best to erase all traces of their existence and go into hiding. Because, when discovered, they became perfect prey for the Centingers to prove themselves.

Death was guaranteed.

Every single Centinger was strong. Its base form alone was powerful, capable of killing weak Silver Grade Pranic Beasts. But add onto its ability, and it suddenly became an entity that was akin to a disaster.

Primary Nature—Bone-Melting Artillery!

The hundreds of sharp claws on its centipede upper half became artilleries that rained down hell upon the target region, decimating it akin to a hail of meteor strikes. Worst of all, they were corrosive in nature.

Upon coming into contact with an artillery, the target's bones would melt, as indicated by the Primary Nature's name. The power within the artillery was selectively permeable, capable of seeping through all objects to act upon only the intended target.

For a living being, the target was typically the bones. Of course, a Centinger's attack could melt through other surfaces too, albeit with a lowered efficiency, but it didn't bother with that.

Melting one's skeletal structure rendered the creature dead. But as the power behind the artillery didn't affect anything else, the target creature's body remained intact, at least like a sack of flesh.

This was because the Centingers would tally their game. Since only the bones melted, the target body would still contain some Prana, which was enough to indicate the level of strength it held.

Through this, the female Centingers would calculate—like a game—how much the male Centingers had killed and score them accordingly. The top scorer would become their leader.

Before their game started, they would drain the Red-Draft River into an underground channel, creating a large playground for their hunt. They had rules to follow, one of which was the area limit.

Only a certain distance from the river was considered part of the hunting grounds. Of course, this stretched for more than three hundred kilometres. So, it wasn't a concern for the Centingers.

For them, the fastest way to score a lot would be to attack populated regions among Pranic Beast territories. One such target area was the Ganrimb Kingdom which had grown strong.

"But usually," Duvara sighed, "Less than twenty Centingers come here. They are within what we can handle while minimising our losses. But this time, based on the rapid rate at which the river is being drained, more Centingers will be coming here."

It was unknown how many Centingers existed in Sumatra Continent, since they lived throughout the Red-Draft River that coursed through at least a quarter of the continent.

They lived among colonises, travelling in whatever route they pleased. Of course, as the Angan River—the part of the Red-Draft River flowing through the region within the Sandy-Grey Void ring—was shallower, not many Centingers approached the place.

And those that did so came from weaker colonies. Unfortunately for the Ganrimb Kingdom, the ones attracted toward it this time were from a stronger colony. It was merely a twist of fate, their bad luck.

"We can't merely classify it as fate," Duvara said, "There might be other reasons that resulted in a stronger colony being drawn towards our Kingdom. We're still investigating that. But at the end of the day, this threat is upon us."

He observed the ashen faces of everyone in the meeting room, "And I want everyone here to come up with plans to protect our city. In two days, I'll be passing out an order for our affiliated towns and villages to seek refuge here. I need ideas on plans following that."

"I'll open my warehouse for the soldiers to be equipped." Maharell was the first to step up, "Weapons, medicines, and even Elixirs, everything in my possession is up for grabs. Not for free though."

He continued, "I'll be making a list of their purchase and the soldiers will have to focus on repaying the amount after this Crisis. Of course, it'll be interest-free. And if any soldier were to die, I won't hold their families accountable."

"As the largest merchant in Ellora City, I should do at least this much." He concluded. It was apparent that many soldiers would die. It meant the losses he suffered would be disastrous. But he was a merchant.

His actions would earn him the respect of the people. Meaning, as long as the city's economy recovers in the future, they'll purchase his wares with priority, since during times of disaster, he handed out all his goods with the best interests of the people in mind.

For the short term, he'll be facing a massive loss. But in the long run, his prestige as a merchant company would only increase in the populace, cementing his prestige. And through the good faith he received, he could casually take over the Theatre business and no one would question him.

Rather, since he was trusted by the people, everyone would feel that he would manage the Theatre well. Moreover, the people were his customers. Having as many of them survive would eventually add to his wealth.

For Maharell, that was the best outcome.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 184 Uno Reverse
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Thank you, Maharell." Duvara stated in praise, "You truly bear the demeanour as the leader of the merchant group."

Until now, no one could be called the leader of the merchants. But as the Crisis this time was truly dangerous, Duvara let out such a statement, recognising Maharell's contribution to the city.

This forced the rest of the merchants to come forth with their wealth in a bid to not lose to Maharell. It was Politics 101. Everyone knew it but they had no other choice but to participate, as avoiding to do so would implicate their growth and status in Ellora Trade City.

"Now, let's come up with a defensive plan." Duvara continued the meeting as everyone proposed various manoeuvres to protect the city the best.

At the same time, the soldiers of Ellora City were patrolling the streets in a hurry, unleashing waves of Prana everywhere.

"There's one here!" One of them shouted and hurled his spear into a terrace decor that was shaped to resemble a Pranic Beast mouth. The spear slammed into it and broke it, causing a tiny creature from within to fly out and flash around.

Mutated Beginner Silver Grade Pranic Beast—Empyrean Zinger Scout!

It was one of the scouts Inala had dispersed throughout the city. After Duvara fought him and observed the miniature forms displayed by the Empyrean Zingers, he commanded the city's soldiers to sweep through the place and find every single Empyrean Zinger that was still in hiding.

And as he had expected, there were still many lying around, hidden amidst the smallest of creases, discretely watching every move made by the citizens.

"Kill it!" The soldiers shouted upon detecting the Empyrean Zinger, intending to destroy it. But against their wishes, the tiny cretin was fast, capable of using its Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity to vary its body weight and glide around while making sharp turns in the air to avoid every single attack.

Like a leech, it leaped from one building terrace to another, unfurling its wings to cover a large distance in the air. When speed was necessary, it jumped to a high enough altitude, increased its weight to the maximum, and dove down at tremendous speeds, breaking the sound barrier.

Just the resultant sonic booms threw off the soldiers, creating chaos. Once the Empyrean Zinger came close to the ground, it reduced its body weight to the minimum most, using the momentum to curve its body upward and generate lift once again.

Its flight path resembled a Damped Harmonic Motion wave, allowing it to remain in flight for extended durations.

More than thirty Empyrean Zinger Scouts were currently in Ellora City, causing chaos throughout the place as they all fled from one region of the city to another. They intended to do so for the next week until it was time to alert Inala.

"Kieek!"

"Chirp!"

"Kuaaak!" From time to time, they unleashed short cries that reverberated long distances. And whenever this cry originated closer to the City Lord estate, Inala could hear it, able to know everything that had transpired.

This meant that even while imprisoned, Inala was able to keep up with everything that was happening in the city.

'The water level in the river is dropping down even faster.' His eyes shot open as he stared at Battalda and unleashed a sharp cry in pain, 'Fuck! The pain's gotten worse!'

As he slowly healed his limbs, the pain receptors in the region became active once again, causing him to experience unimaginable pain, as a result weakening his mental defences.

Inala was using more energy than before to ensure he didn't leak anything that would come back to bite his ass later.

By the fourth day in the cell, he was exhausted to the limit, having not had a wink of sleep all along, subsisting solely through the Lifeforce in a Life Bomb. He was reaching the limit of endurance, feeling it hard to guard against Battalda's mental attacks.

Upon observing his increasing rate of success, Battalda worked harder, gradually able to obtain greater pieces of information. On the sixth day, he finally broke through, obtaining an answer when he asked, "What do you know about the changes in the Angan River?"

The energy packet he sent into Inala's mind returned with valuable information, consuming more than ten Prana in response. But the moment he absorbed the information, Battalda trembled in fear as his face paled in response, "T-T-The Millinger Catastrophe?"

"It reached this point, huh?" Suddenly, Inala spoke. The moment he flexed his jaw, the gag snapped, allowing him to speak.

Stage 1—Jaw!

His jaws transformed into an Empyrean Zinger's as Inala opened them wide, causing three Empyrean Zingers to fly out and target the three Information Team members.

A Prana Bomb slammed into their jaws and accurately knocked them unconscious.

One of the Empyrean Zingers expanded in size. It condensed a Prana Bomb and controlled it like a Spirit Weapon, making it revolve rapidly as it slammed into the sludgy dome Hanya had erected, consuming the latter in a matter of seconds.

Once the Prana within it was consumed, the sludge vanished. Following that, the Empyrean Zinger casually yanked out the nails that hammered Inala's limbs to the floor.

"I feel free now." Inala got up as Lifeforce surged through his limbs, healing them rapidly. And the moment he activated his Secondary Nature of Internal Inertial Gravity, his mashed-up limbs ballooned to their original size, keeping them structurally propped up.

The Lifeforce then surged through them and mended the damages. Since the broken bones were arranged in the corrected order by Internal Inertial Gravity, all this Lifeforce had to do was mesh the pieces into a singular whole.

As a result, his recovery time shortened drastically.

While his limbs were healing, Inala stared at the unconscious figure of Battalda, grinning as he touched the latter's forehead, seeping Prana into it, "From today onwards, you're mine."

Mystic Bone Art—Prana Domination!

He had evolved it to be effective against all humans. Of course, it was still a ways off before he could apply it to the Pranic Beasts. But that was a large project.

His accumulations were only enough to evolve it to apply to all humans. And in this situation, that was more than enough.

The three Empyrean Zingers returned to the biome in his stomach as Inala continued to lie down on the floor in his initial position. He broke off the nails in half and stuck the head on his limbs to make it seem as if he was still hammered down to the floor.

He waited patiently as his Prana surged in the bodies of Battalda and his two subordinates, gradually permeating his influence on their Bones and Spirit Containers. It took some time before the process ended, allowing him to smirk and casually lie down on the prison floor.

Battalda woke up soon after, trembling in fear upon feeling a foreign imprint on his bones and Spirit Container. He opened his mouth, intending to call for help when he realised he couldn't do so, forcefully kept shut by Inala.

His body too positioned itself behind Inala while his hands touched the latter's forehead, the same position he used to extract information from Inala.

The two Information Team members were also in their original positions, maintained there forcefully by Inala. When a couple of guards passed by on patrol, they observed the situation to be the same as before.

"They are very hardworking. We should learn from their example."

"I can understand why they're so valued. Maybe if we work as much as them, we'll also rise through the ranks." The two guards chatted casually and passed by the prison cell, unaware of what was actually happening.

Hearing their remarks, Inala's smile only widened.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 185 Empyrean Extraction
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inala forced Battalda to resume his work, continuing to accumulate the experience necessary for the completion of the new Skills he was creating.

In the meantime, the Angan River's water level fully receded into the ground, revealing the river bed that was packed to the brim with Slump Lizards that didn't have anywhere else to flee.

After all, on both ends of the Angan River were enemies. Hence, the moment the Slump Lizards sensed the presence of the Centingers, they bolted from the place, spreading across the entire region within the Sandy-Grey Void ring.

It was a sign of the incoming Crisis.

Slowly, from one end of the Angan River entered a Pranic Beast that reached a height of sixty metres, resembling a menacing fortress on its own.

The moment it arrived, the sand forming the Angan River's riverbed vibrated due to the rhythmic noises originating from the centipede legs. The centipede upper body alone stretched for a length of sixty metres.

It slithered through the riverbed and made scuttling noises, casually consuming some plant life to satiate its hunger. This Centinger reached maturity and hence possessed 3288 Prana, the maximum of its race.

Capable of living up to 590 years, it was a Pranic Beast with a long lifespan. Originally docile in nature, as it walked on the riverbed and sensed the fleeing Slump Lizards, an animalistic sense of slaughter settled in its mind, causing the centipede legs to make sonorous clattering sounds.

"Screeuuawwaaa!" It unleashed a sharp screech and broke into a sprint. Its centipede upper body flashed around, affecting hundreds of Slump Lizards whose bodies simply dropped on the ground like blobs as their skeletons had melted.

All these Slump Lizards radiated with the distinct signature of its Prana, making it easy to identify the cause. Grinning excitedly, the Centinger rushed deeper into the land, signalling the start of the hunt.

"Screewuaa!"

"Scraaaweweweee!" Centingers one after another rushed into the Angan Riverbed, engaging in their hunt. One…two…ten…twenty…eighty…two hundred sixty.

Two hundred sixty Expert Silver Grade Pranic Beasts marched into the region enclosed by the Sandy-Grey Void ring, an overwhelming amount.

This was merely the number of male Centingers. The Females entered an hour later, casually as their job was only to tally the scores. They numbered close to three hundred, beginning to munch on some shells from the riverbed.

It seemed one of the largest colonies of the Red-Draft River had entered the region this time, signalling the place's doom. But that wasn't the end.

Calmly entering the Angan Riverbed after a while, like royalty, were twelve Pranic Beasts, four male and eight females, possessing strength on a whole other level.

Mutated Beginner Gold Grade Pranic Beast—Millinger!

When a Centinger mutates, it evolves into its Gold Grade variant, the Millinger. Every single Gold Grade Pranic Beast was a force of nature, possessing potently powerful Natures. The Millingers were no exception.

Primary Nature—Bone-Melting Artillery!

Secondary Nature—Inhibition Dome!

Bone-Melting Artillery was the same as what its Silver Grade variant, the Centinger possessed. But the Millinger's Primary Nature was more potent.

The power that truly set it a class apart was its Secondary Nature.

Inhibition Dome erects a dome in a region, akin to a fortress. All emission-based Natures employing Prana would lose their effect and almost be nullified. The efficiency of the abilities drops drastically, expending more Prana for the same effect.

The Inhibition Dome's effects are selectively applied. Meaning, it only applies to the enemies and not itself and anyone the Millinger recognises as its ally. Therefore, within the Inhibition Dome, the Millingers were pretty much unrivalled.

Only Natures on the likes of Internal Inertial Gravity functioned within the Inhibition Dome. But it'll be hard for even Inala to move around with Bone-Melting Artillery raining down from the skies. Therefore, the best option was to flee in such a scenario.

At least, if only one Millinger was there, measures could be taken to kill it. After all, Ganrimb Kingdom's king, Fhoong Brimgan was a cultivator on the level of a Gold Grade Pranic Beast.

But there were twelve Millingers. Ganrimb Kingdom's doom was guaranteed. Or rather, the entire region within the Sandy-Grey Void ring would be wiped clean of all living traces.

Later, the Empyrean Tusk herd would pass through the region along the banks of the Red-Draft River and encounter them.

In Sumatra Chronicles, this event was termed the Millinger Catastrophe and became the Fifth Minor Crisis. As the exoskeleton of the Empyrean Tusks is made out of bone, the Centingers were a bad matchup.

The Millinger Catastrophe was one of the strongest Minor Crises faced by the Mammoth Clan in Sumatra Chronicles. As it was clearly depicted in Sumatra Chronicles, Inala knew the destruction the region would face.

Perched far away from the Angan River was an Empyrean Zinger Scout. Upon seeing the Centingers arrive, it craned strength into its legs and shot high up into the sky, remaining in its miniature form as it trailed over the Centinger colony, scouting them.

Once it finished gathering all the details, it unleashed a sharp screech before a spike pierced its body, killing it. The culprit was a Centinger that heard its shriek.

As the Empyrean Zinger Scout was barely a month old, it wasn't strong enough to defend against the artillery attack, killed in one hit. But anyway, it completed its mission, transmitting all the information through one shriek, the speciality of the Zingers.

Multiple shrieks resounded as the information was transmitted to the Empyrean Zinger King who inhaled deeply and unleashed a powerful shriek, alerting Inala.

"Time to hunt," Saying so, Inala got up and flexed his muscles, now fully recovered. He stretched his hand and grabbed Battalda by the neck, uttering, "Thank you for your service. You are a valuable resource. Since you'll be dying a few hours from now, allow me to do the deed in advance, for my benefit."

Prime Skill—Empyrean Extraction!

"Koff!" Blood spurted out of Battalda as his brain collapsed. His Spirit Container shattered as all the resultant Prana surged into his head, passing through the brain cells repeatedly before they slammed into his skull, absorbed by the latter.

In a matter of minutes, all the Prana in Battalda's body was used up. Brain matter oozed out of his orifices like water, having been melted for some reason, sizzling hot to the touch.

Inala opened his mouth and allowed an Empyrean Zinger to fly out. He closed his eyes and covered his ears. A minute later, the Empyrean Zinger placed Battalda's skull in his hand, fully cleaned. His corpse vanished, settling in the Empyrean Zinger's stomach.

Mysterious ring patterns covered Battalda's skull. Even though it was eerie to the touch, causing his revulsion to well up, Inala calmed himself and activated another ability, using it on the source through whom he derived it.

Prime Skill—Mind Slip!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 186 Tax Collector Inala
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Prime Skill of Empyrean Extraction caused the target's Spirit Container to shatter, making their Prana surge into their head and result in the brain's collapse. The Prana would then seep through each brain cell, absorbing the data stored in all.

Like a storm, this Prana would slam into the skull, embedding the information into it, similar to how a Mammoth Clansman inscribed information into a Bone Slip using the Bone Slip Skill. The result was the creation of a special Bone Slip that contained all the target's information, the majority of which were unknown to even the target.

Any genetic defects they possessed, potential illness, subconscious bias, habits, emotional tendencies, the weight of every single organ, its genetic makeup, etc. Pretty much everything the target possessed, down to their genetic data was encoded into this special Bone Slip.

But it couldn't be accessed normally. If Inala were to access it like he did with a Bone Slip, his brain would explode. After all, when a Mammoth Clansman used the Bone Slip Skill, all the information in the Bone Slip was instantly inscribed onto their mind.

Using the same on this special Bone Slip would cause so much information to be inscribed onto his mind that it would collapse instantly. It was impossible to handle the entirety of data that belonged to someone.

Hence, Inala derived a second Skill by basing it on the Empyrean Slip Prime Skill and parts of the Imprint Acceptance Skill. The result was a Bone Slip Skill with a filter.

Prime Skill—Mind Slip!

Similar to when Inala used the Empyrean Slip Prime Skill on the previous Gannala and entered her mind space, capable of seeing the troves of information she had accumulated, the Mind Slip Skill allowed the information within the skull to be displayed similar to a mind space.

Inala would enter this mind space where all the information would be present in clusters, with each cluster pertaining to a specific data. He would only access the necessary clusters and avoid the rest.

This protected his mind. Moreover, he could use these skulls as data banks for future reference. That would allow him to work on greater projects in the future.

Battalda was an Information Officer. Therefore, the level of information available with him would trump everyone else in Ellora City, except for probably Gudora.

Closing his eyes, Inala accessed Battalda's skull, arriving at the respective mindspace to observe large heaps of information clusters. They weren't as ginormous as the previous Gannala, but were still significant enough.

'I need a detailed map of this region, from Ganrimb Kingdom to Brimgan Empire.' He thought, watching his figure within the mindspace move towards a certain cluster. Once he touched it, the information cluster was absorbed into his body.

A second later, it was inscribed into his mind. Inala took some time to go through them, smiling in response at the detailed map he had obtained, 'This makes travelling to the Brimgan Empire a lot easier.'

He used Empyrean Extraction Prime Skill on the other two Information Team members and obtained their Skulls too. "This isn't enough."

After enduring a week's torture, Inala was bloodthirsty, despite his inhibitions towards such an act. His logical side told him to use Empyrean Extraction on everyone of importance in the Ganrimb Kingdom using the opportunity when they were getting hunted by the Centingers.

His humane side though, opposed it, preventing him from treading such a demonic path. Originally, his humane side was stronger, as when push came to shove, he ended up listening to it.

When baby Gannala was born, he could have simply launched her somewhere else and made the Boar King chase after her. By the time he catches up to her and devours her, the herd would have escaped to another location. He would remain in safety.

But his humane side won, which was why he placed himself in danger in order to lure the Boar King his way and also took it upon himself to raise baby Gannala, despite the hardships.

His humane side was also why he didn't try to take advantage of people like Ruvva. With his smarts and cunning, he could have done a better job in wringing Ruvva dry for all her worth.

There were others too in the 44th Settlement, facing their respective challenges. He could have led them on with his knowledge from Sumatra Chronicles and used them for his benefit. He had the capability to do so.

But he didn't, because that wasn't humane. Inala's goal wasn't to become an unrivalled existence and remain at the top of the food chain, but alone. No, a mere six years of a shut-in life on Earth was exhausting enough. He didn't enjoy living like that.

He wanted to be with others, share fun times together, etc. He wanted a social life and not remain alone with cultivation being the only thing he did. His goal in Sumatra was to explore the continent one day, freely. Experience new sights daily, fight new Pranic Beasts from time to time, record his observations through elaborate paintings, etc.

Adventure!

He craved that. If he were to give in to the demonic way, the adventuring option would no longer be available. Because, everywhere he goes, he would only be focusing on ways to take advantage of the region, the Pranic Beasts, etc. to strengthen himself further.

That life would exhaust him quickly. It was why, despite there being easier paths to take, Inala chose ones that he was comfortable with.

Normally, that was the case. But whenever his emotions were pushed to the extreme, his humane self would take a back seat. It happened the first time when he came to understand what Granny Oyo had done.

In anger, he shattered her skull. It was only because she had forced herself on him.

During the night of the incident, had she flirted with him a bit and made a move openly, he would have been happy to oblige, for he was straight up simping for her. Sex would have been perfect. But Granny Oyo chose rape instead. As a result, pushing Inala to the extreme.

And now, was the second time. He hadn't slept for a week, having had to constantly keep his Prana Domination Skill active and endure intense migraines every time Battalda used his ability.

Inala intended to leave Ellora City before the Millinger Catastrophe started but was instead hindered by Gudora's attack. As a result, he had to send Asaeya and baby Gannala into the wilds alone.

Even though they were accompanied by Empyrean Zingers, nothing could be said with guarantee. If a Gold Grade Pranic Beast were to attack them, they would be wiped out, rendering all his sacrifices a waste.

He had contributed significantly to Ellora City's development. He raised many people from poverty, brought business to the city, helped many cultivators reach the Body Stage, and even turned cultivators from important families, like the City Councillor's son into a genius by imparting him valuable Skills.

He did all that and what was the result? A wrench in his plans, endangering everything he sacrificed to maintain, and a week's worth of mental and physical torture.

"Not worth it, not in the least worth it." His sleepless eyes were red, not turning normal even with Lifeforce infusion. He burst out of his prison cell and turned his head to stare at the guards rushing his way, "I need to be paid."

"For everything."